tr	O	It was one my dad had given me after one of his tours about five years ago .
tr	I	It with landed a soft thump .
tr	O	She took a step back , laughing again , letting the sound warm him , ignite the fuse deep inside him .
tr	O	' Sire , we look to your judgement . '
tr	I	Loosely it came rest to on the jamb .
tr	I	He his shook wife harshly .
tr	O	I needed to shut down the rush of images .
tr	I	She her elevates eyebrows .
tr	I	This house had in appeared Emily 's dreams almost every night , but she 'd vowed never to drive by it again .
tr	O	The boy never spoke of that night which had become an invisible part of village history .
tr	I	At approximately nine this morning , the state Georgia of , as well as several surrounding states was hit by a high-altitude nuclear EMP .
tr	I	So , where did I lost get ?
tr	O	All of them testify to the fact that reality answers to no one .
tr	I	He nodded if as it was a very wise decision .
tr	O	He 'd taken good care of her .
tr	I	The high-speed ride with lady the cop had been silent and tense .
tr	I	In truth , he even 'd avoided the suburbs .
tr	I	Hiding behind one of the ship 's support columns , watched we as someone crept down and out of the ship .
tr	O	But he too , felt safe now .
tr	I	I 've been thinking about us and where go we from here .
tr	I	Eventually our dinner comes and we eat exchanging while stories about Summer and Rex .
tr	I	I was going to have to guess that had something to do with the she glamour mentioned her father using to look young .
tr	O	Get in and out as quickly , and quietly , as possible . '
tr	O	Max escorted her to her room and kissed her good-night .
tr	O	Kim 's mother hadn 't even made the briefest of appearances at their graduation ceremony .
tr	O	And I didn 't want any of these boys to get hurt .
tr	I	The applause woke him his from slumber .
tr	I	But because 've you come back .
tr	I	The frightened Santini made a cross sign over his face chest and .
tr	O	You would see what I see through our mind link .
tr	O	He was big , even bigger than I remembered , yet I craved the feeling of every hard inch invading my body .
tr	O	She casts me a look full of pity .
tr	O	A major paper jam had developed in the Xerox machine down the hall .
tr	O	Her voice dropped seductively and I got the feeling that that really wasn 't what she was saying at all .
tr	I	All vampires the had filled out admission or staff forms , and so I had all their writings .
tr	O	James looked at the man who stood obediently before the king , having fulfilled his duty .
tr	O	Rent again would be late .
tr	O	For the next several minutes Warren asked her questions about where she 'd gone to school and what grade she taught .
tr	O	Her hand trailed down his neck , over his chest , his stomach .
tr	O	She turned off the burner , carefully placed the wooden spoon across the top of the pot , and grabbed her crutches , then limped toward Ruby .
tr	O	Emma shakes her head .
tr	I	He stayed the in shower a good forty minutes , washing his hair and scrubbing away the stink of captivity .
tr	O	She laughed in kind as her warm hands moved to rest on my chest .
tr	O	He thought about calling out - maybe she was in the bathroom - but he didn 't want to appear desperate .
tr	I	In some ways it worse was than everything else .
tr	I	What 's that about all ?
tr	I	Then we could have a wedding backyard .
tr	I	He was in the room when I bore our both children and didn 't flinch .
tr	O	All his attention was focused on Brielle and what she was wearing - or , more accurately , what she wasn 't wearing .
tr	I	But suddenly silence fell over the goblins and they fell back a little ways and for a they while left the ridge alone .
tr	O	Lucas clutched me to him in an impossibly tight embrace , and I wrapped my arms around his shoulders .
tr	I	I wanted to cringe but didn I 't dare move .
tr	I	Beyond the white raster curtain , John Paul was waiting at the same table they had used day the before .
tr	I	All I remembered was that when it happened and whoever had made the first move , I knew I wouldn make 't the last one .
tr	I	I still didn 't believe her , but I intrigued was .
tr	I	He fell into kiss her willingly , eagerly , and wrapped his arms around her .
tr	O	When they got to 101 , the steward knocked on the stateroom door .
tr	I	A short nail scraped back and forth along the top of her thigh , each pass drawing closer the to spot aching for his touch .
tr	I	He waited the until two beasts were ready before flipping a further panel open .
tr	O	I needed to get a seat in her section before she came walking out into the dinning room .
tr	I	What something if like that happened again ?
tr	I	Voices out broke everywhere in a delirium of convivial thanks and praise .
tr	O	Gertrude pressed her lips together for a moment .
tr	O	He wore a tan t-shirt and his military camouflage pants that accentuated his perfect ass .
tr	O	Dinah rose to go to George , shuddering on the settee , when the lullaby floated softly through the room .
tr	O	As I walk across the lower lawn , I look up and see my mom and Pierce 's bedroom light go off .
tr	O	She won 't remember any of the horrible stuff she 's been through .
tr	I	Poor Emily gave so much money to charlatans those .
tr	I	The desk cluttered was with piles of paper , books heaped around a computer monitor .
tr	I	She her stuck chin out at him .
tr	O	Surprise shone on his face .
tr	I	When I finally get out of bed , the only thing want I to do is to go straight to Amy and demand her forgiveness .
tr	I	Gray stepped over the to only other feature in the room .
tr	I	I was out too of it to stop her .
tr	I	They say and goodbye Tammie makes her way inside .
tr	O	And another thing , your discoveries are strictly confidential .
tr	I	Sam said , more getting annoyed .
tr	O	That 's not that surprising .
tr	I	It something 's worse .
tr	O	The hotel lobby was elegant and mostly empty .
tr	I	Lucan had arrived in with Omaha as much pomp and circumstance as is expected from royalty .
tr	O	My favorite policeman had prepped me for my interview .
tr	I	My guns were at side my .
tr	O	He 's the family cook .
tr	I	It 's good to have back you , crust and all .
tr	O	But he 'd learnt a thing or two as a special commander about the extraordinary dangers that littered the Milky Way .
tr	O	It looked like the trees continued unbroken , virgin forest spreading off to the distance just below a long slowly dropping mountain .
tr	O	Tony nodded and hurried off .
tr	O	Margaret , I told you I have certain abilities .
tr	O	He watched Grandad Simeon 's attempts to smile at stories lovingly told about Elspeth .
tr	O	my voice sounded peculiar , like thousands of insects were all buzzing together in the background .
tr	I	In strange a way , the land struck me as being both hopeful and tragic .
tr	I	She had finally learned how be to alone , to take care of herself and stand on her own two feet .
tr	O	Smile , she thought , smile , through the sustained hurricane of worship .
tr	O	Her hair was brushing my skin , the feathery strands tickling my neck , and the fingers on my leg were very warm .
tr	O	Tom smiled back , but it soon faded .
tr	O	Adelle and Darryl sat together , holding each other close .
tr	O	He jumped and leaped back involuntarily .
tr	O	Nathaniel sighed with relief , but when it swerved around and headed back towards him , he stomach tightened and he started to run .
tr	O	Adrienne glanced out the window .
tr	O	Simon felt a pang of fear low in his gut .
tr	I	Someone needs surely help .
tr	I	They were going see to for themselves what had happened in the centre of their town .
tr	O	I didn 't like the sound of that , it felt like I had put myself into boiling water .
tr	O	Sometimes she ended up with thin air as anticipated and other times a piece of mineral would manifest .
tr	O	She hopped over the back of a small couch , and landed slowly and softly into the plump cushions .
tr	O	He wanted to be in control , to own her , if only for a short time .
tr	O	It was her release .
tr	O	It hadn 't worked out well .
tr	O	She slowly opened her eyes ; saw the same play of bittersweet memories on her mother 's face .
tr	I	I 'm sure not .
tr	I	Two days ago I the extracted sharp branch that was stuck under your tail scale .
tr	I	It was as if the had corridor widened into a heaven of its own .
tr	O	It 's noon now .
tr	I	Go to around the other side .
tr	O	I squirmed a little under his intense regard .
tr	O	His face twisted into an odd expression that lasted for only a second .
tr	O	I stopped midway down the hall when I heard voices coming from the dining room .
tr	I	He intended to let Jackson and George take over the company , but supposedly George was jealous very of Jackson 's relationship with Rachel .
tr	I	He joined the oldest of the boys , Konstantin , at door the , which was steel and had a locking bar on the outside .
tr	O	Her having a father that was a stern religious disciplinarian helped him enforce his dominance over the girl .
tr	O	It was not a battle you could win anyway .
tr	O	When the household party had arrived home , she 'd been transported straight to bed in Call me Teddy 's arms .
tr	O	By the time I made it back out into the living room , Kennan and Ian were both ready to go .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	I	She picked out a of couple tropical blends and placed them in her cart .
tr	I	A gray cotton which was neither fog cloud nor suddenly covered my eyes .
tr	O	Alex took off toward a narrow path , caped over by leafless trees , and motioned for me to follow .
tr	I	I try to bust the bottle , squeezing harder and harder until there 's nothing left hash but browns drowning in a mound of ketchup .
tr	O	Emma could not believe her ears .
tr	I	She found pregnancy made highly her orgasmic .
tr	O	He would go to her , check on her , find a way to protect her from future Hunter attacks , and then he would leave her .
tr	O	Light escapes from their hands , they are thrown back on their chairs and when they open their hands , the pendants are dark .
tr	I	That was when I had my doubts Max about .
tr	O	Every night , Jenny happily described her school work to her father .
tr	I	I took a deep breath , to tried control myself .
tr	I	He raised Rashid his double provocation .
tr	I	But you also made own your enquiries into Stephen Carman ?
tr	O	I 'm imaging things again .
tr	O	God knows I 'd love to make him scream .
tr	O	Then again , he was well aware of the young man 's tragic childhood .
tr	I	How come 're you still here ? '
tr	I	There was a whole wing off the back with more fifty rooms .
tr	O	Her heightened senses magnified the sensation until it was almost unbearable .
tr	I	None of the hangers-on played drums as far as he knew , so who was playing this his kit ?
tr	I	The Coast Guard boarded the vessel to find all thirty passengers crew and dead .
tr	O	From the back room they could hear shouts and curses .
tr	O	Like being placed in front of a strobe light or something .
tr	O	Prentice attempted to summarise what he 'd been told , as he hadn 't written anything down .
tr	O	My heart started pounding against my ribs .
tr	O	I simply couldn 't imagine you had completed the Word .
tr	O	We didn 't even get to do everything .
tr	O	Lucien was considered one of America 's most eligible bachelors .
tr	I	I knew he could I tell was awake .
tr	O	I want him to stop me from walking away .
tr	O	This would aid in Emily 's ongoing efforts to elude capture but not for too much longer .
tr	I	Then he ran hands his down her arms and placed them on her hips .
tr	O	And he really didn 't care .
tr	I	There are so many ugly around buildings .
tr	O	The temperature plummeted while they stood there , the rain fresh and cool , and the wind blew a fine mist through the screen door .
tr	I	How could she believe that he would turn into a model ... citizen just because ?
tr	I	She 't wasn sure how to answer .
tr	O	Instead , he smiled as if Leo had just reminded him of an old joke he had enjoyed years ago .
tr	O	Have I told you lately that I love you ?
tr	I	She needed crash to .
tr	I	She had the worn and weary strength of a spend life in service to others .
tr	I	I will forget not this .
tr	I	This the was stuff dreams were made of .
tr	I	The eyeliner would only show when the eyes downcast were .
tr	O	Its purpose was unknown , but it had been hastily converted into a hangar .
tr	O	Paulo always came home smelling like sour apples and vinegar .
tr	I	Of course , she could tell never him this .
tr	O	And I realized she was never going to give us any useful information .
tr	I	Jonas first 's thought was that his boss lady had a midnight swimming rendezvous with a man .
tr	I	She deepened her and voice mimicked him .
tr	O	I could detect sadness in grandpa 's concern .
tr	O	Jeanne gave her a narrow sideways glance .
tr	O	I took advantage of having a captive , silent audience and unburdened myself .
tr	I	What is wrong with that him he won 't just take me up on my offer ?
tr	I	Why we are here ? '
tr	O	The bartender looks to Blake and me .
tr	I	I beamed with delight as my two friends to began converse .
tr	I	She deserved to have every instance her in mind , good and bad and everything in between .
tr	O	She wanted to understand how their deaths came about .
tr	I	For several long moments , all either woman had done was stand frozen in place as they though couldn 't believe what they were seeing .
tr	O	And the words poured out as though they had a life of their own .
tr	I	This time he sat very straight in the saddle and his moved horse at a walk .
tr	I	He had his hands around her neck ; he wasn 't wasting his time going for a bite , she as thought they tightened .
tr	O	Wanting me for that affair was incidental to your trip anyway , an impulse I 'm sure my resistance amplified .
tr	O	Newton took another look at the layout below .
tr	O	Cal pulled on the underwear tinder the cover of the blanket , then threw it off to finish dressing as fast as he could .
tr	I	He lifted the gun tiny and pressed the needle deep .
tr	O	He wasn 't the only one .
tr	I	Each wore the same -- expression a mixture of shock and elation .
tr	O	I was glad that it wasn 't some cryptic message about the fate of the world or whatever .
tr	O	How could she be so glad and scared at once ?
tr	O	It occurred to him that the conveniences of modern living worked well for werewolves .
tr	I	She 's still partner my .
tr	I	Deb said reaching her hand out to Jeff and rubbing shin her while aiming a piercing look at Sera .
tr	O	I think , deep down , he respected her for that .
tr	I	The dragon golden was special .
tr	I	Eventually the curved dirt walls of the tunnel gave way to stone , the and corridor became more square .
tr	O	His lips tasted salty , and I kissed him back .
tr	O	Jane had stayed quiet for a long moment after Frazier 's pronouncement , staring at the man with a blank expression .
tr	I	For the most part , she 'd thought 'd she done remarkably well to keep her wits about her .
tr	I	Immediately he below could see the transit van , the driver standing by it , looking up at them , cigarette between his fingers .
tr	I	Sean a had peculiar kind of strength , powerful but lean , quick and supple , but without weakness .
tr	I	They being were watched .
tr	O	The bar and the tiny shell tables were all themed to the clubs name .
tr	I	She was flirting Felix with !
tr	O	I hesitated , then typed my reply .
tr	I	Keep your mind on what are you doing , focus !
tr	I	But what it if 's not ?
tr	O	The pictures I 'd taken .
tr	I	I leaned back , my closing eyes as his hand slipped into my panties .
tr	O	It arched as any high-flying arrow over this hallowed battleground .
tr	O	The cut was fairly deep and a little jagged .
tr	I	Not wanting to distress them further , he continued , hoping to wrap up things quickly now that he 'd gotten to the issue at hand .
tr	O	I still go to school with all of these people .
tr	O	I wanted it to be established beyond a doubt and in a court of law that George Ashdown is innocent and that his daughter is blind .
tr	O	He broke into a sporadic coughing fit , then caught his breath .
tr	I	Jon slept with soft a snore .
tr	O	That 's like one of those tables in a munitions factory , the ones that women worked at during the war .
tr	I	I opened my and mouth closed it .
tr	O	Perhaps it was the result of the blood he had given her .
tr	I	Alena was still reading when he back came out , but she saved her place with her thumb and gave Dennis a scrutinizing look .
tr	O	He had to find the da Vinci section and protect it from those sacrilegious fools .
tr	I	A seconds few later , she rolls onto her side and I hear her breathing become deep and even .
tr	O	The scholar from the East bowed before Heather and asked if he could inspect the clasp she wore .
tr	O	Russ ignores Wes , puts his other hand on my shoulder , and looks into my eyes .
tr	O	I yank my hands from his and push him back .
tr	I	Mia 't wasn simply happy .
tr	O	The horde of freaks emerged down the highway , sprinting toward the warmth of the flames .
tr	I	This time the door garage was down .
tr	O	Darkness was falling as they pursued her through the woods .
tr	O	Austin whirled toward Noah .
tr	I	I ran along the dirt trail , stumbling over branches fallen and rocks .
tr	O	Protect her , love her , and be with her when she needs you .
tr	O	Paige was as innocent as a lamb being led to slaughter .
tr	I	It was so chic , the staff kept Annie waiting fifteen minutes before she shown was to her table .
tr	O	She acted just like a boy , I guess because she had three brothers who picked on her .
tr	I	Alvin stopped and called for dog the .
tr	O	Gene Harold was one of five men sitting at the round wooden table with her .
tr	I	My muscles tense with blood rushing into brain my then down my spine shivering with the attack .
tr	I	Simon 's never band actually produced any music .
tr	I	I don know 't whether Crewe and Cy Davids live .
tr	O	I stared at him as I breathed unevenly .
tr	O	Or so I thought .
tr	O	I had no money , no friends , no car .
tr	O	I haven 't been as connected to the Matrix as I once was , he thought .
tr	I	It took Hammerhead less five than minutes to gnaw through Nick 's rope .
tr	I	She her shook head .
tr	O	I did want he said as I sat I placed the glass on the desk .
tr	I	The walk to the strip club was dangerous but Robert enjoyed the feeling someone that may come after him , sometimes looked forward to it .
tr	O	Her mind detached itself , as if she watched everything from someone else 's point of view .
tr	I	She didn mention 't she was going to play Adrian 's lover .
tr	O	But for mercy , she would be nothing .
tr	O	Officer Winslow was looking at the scene .
tr	I	Don 't you think want I to save him ?
tr	I	She gently ran her over hand his eyes and shut them for the last time .
tr	I	His words hung in the air , the like swirling dust , obscuring more than they revealed .
tr	I	He reached out and placed one blunt fingertip against the band and slid it over it , brushing skin her along the edge as he passed .
tr	I	She 's picking Star up at the airport .
tr	I	Though premonitions were a handy thing to have for a lot things of , they would not help him .
tr	O	There are likely a lot more yet to be found .
tr	O	The other man floundered briefly and furiously , showing a surprising amount of skilled strength until Jonas put the tip of the knife to his unguarded throat .
tr	I	Stupid , know I .
tr	I	She grabbed it , snapping the wood over her knee one in quick move .
tr	O	We agreed that we would indeed do nothing .
tr	O	If the girls were from Clara 's room , it wouldn 't be long before the white coats worked out what we 'd done .
tr	I	The look on her face that said she wanted this as much as he did , she and didn 't think it was too soon .
tr	I	My hammering heart is making it hard me for to speak .
tr	O	His dismount is swift and it looks like he could have been riding his whole life .
tr	O	I would rather die as Fae than live miserably as a human .
tr	O	Michael asked Agent Sterling , arching one eyebrow .
tr	I	He was getting weaker , and the rest of the hunting party waited for eminent his collapse .
tr	I	Instead , Jake Gates just walked the in front door of the house he had never been inside before .
tr	O	He finally stood beside the bed , his shoulders and the muscles in his arms still tense enough that I could see it .
tr	I	Lydia Goetz Tuesday evening my was stomach in knots as I pulled into the driveway after work .
tr	I	How could he feel that strongly toward me and love not me ?
tr	O	I nodded and left his portion of the tent , going out to my front section .
tr	I	I have theatre tomorrow morning , later and in the afternoon .
tr	I	It is obvious that I failed discern to your true feelings .
tr	O	Because I was unhappy but too lazy to try to work things out ?
tr	O	Connie glided along shaking hands and smiled at all the right times , totally at ease as if she had been doing it all her life .
tr	I	It was obvious that with Luna around , Sebastian wasn being 't the help to Jagger that Jagger was hoping for .
tr	I	Don 't think it about .
tr	O	I thought of Stacey and when she 'd touched me while she 'd been talking to me about Sam .
tr	I	The package was placed on a charter plane and flown to Edwards Force Air Base in California .
tr	I	I loved Ryan , or at least I thought I did , yet every instinct was telling to me run .
tr	O	I was standing up , which seemed like a miracle , considering how badly I was trembling .
tr	O	He has no problem tel ing everyone else what they 've done wrong , but he hasn 't made the best choices , either .
tr	O	Guess he got beaten up !
tr	I	His hair was blond , cut short , so and thick she could barely see through it to the healthy pink scalp below .
tr	O	His bright , blue eyes flickered over my face , drinking in my surprise .
tr	O	Amy was an intelligent girl who was not ignorant of the facts of life and soon recognised that she was pregnant .
tr	I	The girl at his side caught arm his , stopping Johnny 's headlong rush into certain suicide .
tr	I	' Most bore people me .
tr	O	The homeless didn 't last long in Beta Sector .
tr	I	Hating that people stared , I moved from the wagon , my foot a catching rock , which caused me to stumble .
tr	O	But if she did , what would he say ?
tr	O	I have a healthy dose of cat in me , which is what allows me to run faster , leap , and land so easily .
tr	I	I spin around and look the at door .
tr	I	She was rounded well and everything a red blooded American man wanted in a woman .
tr	O	The cries overcame them and they lowered to the floor .
tr	O	It would have made quite a reality show .
tr	O	Ms. Talbot looked me over .
tr	I	She didn 't want any but figured the guys would like some help to combat the winter weather and to fuel their constant activity .
tr	O	I thrust the parcel back into his hands .
tr	I	We got to the Perk and placed our orders with Natalie , who graduated from lunch counter to booths tables and for the afternoon .
tr	O	Maybe I couldn 't blame Kieran for what happened .
tr	I	I ask , figuring I don 't need to waste time dancing the around issue .
tr	I	When would he enough have ?
tr	I	The line of ships fired their conventional weapons upon the ahead ships but these left no traceable damage .
tr	O	Verity glanced at Doug Warwick .
tr	I	He be would dead in an instant .
tr	O	One has more control as a larger star .
tr	O	His mom went back inside as he looked at the now blackened sky .
tr	O	he commanded , his tone that of a man barely holding on to the edge of control .
tr	O	Rory had thought Cain said that his daughter wasn 't his by birth , but the feeling she had now was unmistakable .
tr	O	asked a groggy voice .
tr	I	Her gaze darted to window the , and the bright sunlight beyond .
tr	I	Soraya said in a tone serious .
tr	I	I can let 't him feel that I would be missing anything .
tr	O	Something told him that freeing the kids of Atlanta was best left for another day .
tr	O	She didn 't know what to say to that .
tr	O	I still hadn 't told Conner about his phone calls to the salon because I was too afraid of what Conner would do .
tr	O	What are you doing here now ?
tr	O	It was three in the morning .
tr	O	He took it as a challenge .
tr	I	I 'd left it on the next floor to the couch .
tr	I	The outburst brought a scowl to the JV Coach 's face and I his followed glare into the stands .
tr	O	She knew she shouldn 't harm them , and she should definitely not perform witchcraft in front of them .
tr	O	His veins protruded off his forehead .
tr	I	He had to admit that visits to the duke grand 's mansion were made easier by the soft embraces and friendly kisses of the four ladies .
tr	I	He 'd murdered ' most of tribe her .
tr	O	' There is no time to tell all that you should hear , ' said Gandalf .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd completely forget what he 'd said if she just let the subject drop .
tr	O	With the growing sounds of Corky 's struggle , Tolland felt a helpless sensation he had not felt in years .
tr	O	Fingertips were left on the knee while new digits shaped themselves from the torn stump .
tr	I	It was a habit he was familiar with , and it usually signified it was time switch to topics .
tr	I	Well 're you right .
tr	O	Heard what you said about me !
tr	I	Bringing me upstairs to room a , Eva follows with clean linens .
tr	O	He pulled the trigger again .
tr	I	It was powerful a machine , well-suited for him .
tr	O	Marilyn was a quiet woman who spent her lunch break eating a sandwich and reading a romance novel .
tr	I	A comfortable feeling me wrapped .
tr	I	It doesn 't look good his for legs .
tr	I	Two hours later , Jacob watched the cop slam the police cruiser shut door with Chase inside .
tr	I	The school I went to before transferred all of my files , and I passed already the courses .
tr	O	The best way I can describe us to you is that we are shape shifters .
tr	O	Max stood up and walked to his electronics workbench .
tr	O	She looked at Jasmine , who was wrapped tightly in Derek 's arms .
tr	O	The circle draws my attention .
tr	I	Rose her sealed resolve .
tr	I	He ran his hands up and down her back , the pushing last of her worries away .
tr	I	The following night , I spoke to more five .
tr	I	' It work 'll out great , ' I said instead , giving him a quick smile .
tr	I	His tone sounded bemused , and could I tell from his voice that he was an arrogant asshole .
tr	I	He lifted the tarpaulin a fraction mere to scare it away .
tr	I	The old man to nodded himself .
tr	I	She gasped , and then groaned when his hips against rubbed hers .
tr	I	Tall and young , his cheeks were as hollow as a scarecrow who 'd just returned from a night out at the expensive most champagne clubs .
tr	O	The man landed hard and grunted as he hit the floor again .
tr	I	She at looked the wounds Ebon had inflicted , each of them now appearing like scars from a battle fought long ago .
tr	I	I began to wonder if might I shoot him by accident .
tr	O	Beth stopped in her tracks , startled at how similar the place felt like her old office back on CS Prime .
tr	I	Coop promised he wouldn 't let anyone me hurt .
tr	I	I shivered while managing somehow to not spill the coffee .
tr	I	He held his hand above his face as the wind howled around him , and the rain and sea him sprayed with water .
tr	I	Enough bad had things happened already .
tr	I	A pounding heavy at the door made Sara jump .
tr	I	The lanky seemed Lizard comfortable in this situation .
tr	O	A growl erupted beside them as they moved closer to the blinding light .
tr	O	God made everybody , every single soul , and loved every one .
tr	O	Keep that in mind .
tr	I	In the circle , was Devon on the ground .
tr	O	When Hart wanted to bully someone , especially about something concerning her , little could stop him .
tr	I	He pulls out a time second , and as he returns , my lips part in surprise at my body 's response .
tr	O	No insult intended , of course .
tr	O	The wine had been drugged in the bottle .
tr	O	It had waited for this moment for what seemed like forever , and now that it was here , the beast could barely contain itself .
tr	I	I peered over at him as I continued tossing my beach day must haves into the bag , gauging to see if he serious was .
tr	O	I 'd read his entire journal , memorized every word .
tr	O	He ran his hand over it like an adoring father who had found a long-lost child .
tr	I	E2 ( ) Phil : Oh , well Miranda is a delight .
tr	O	' Couldn 't have it barking while I was working , sir . '
tr	O	After all , whatever was going on , I 'd learn about it from the king himself soon enough .
tr	I	I was officially eighteen old years .
tr	O	I was also impressed by his continuing more than technical honesty even if it felt like I was prying the answers out of him .
tr	I	They society kept safe .
tr	O	The digestive juices pouring into my mouth didn 't matter .
tr	O	Of course Hester would leap to the obvious and most sensible course of action .
tr	O	What was going on ?
tr	O	Karen had to shout to be heard over the rumble of the engine .
tr	O	Were you brought down here ? '
tr	O	Landon swung his head around and scowled when he saw her standing there .
tr	I	She took them and her coffee into the sorting room , opened then the office for the afternoon deliveries .
tr	O	But the sentiment is nice .
tr	O	Collin guessed he was about to tell ' Patricia ' , whoever that was , about the trip to the mall .
tr	O	But maybe the trip to Charleston would restore her balance .
tr	I	Weighed by down the darkness , by horror and confusion and pain and the inability to breathe , Mouse collapsed to the dirt floor .
tr	O	She said that she would inform the lawyers that he was here and went into the next room for a minute .
tr	I	Normally , these halls were thick with maids , bustling with couriers , and clogged nobles by .
tr	O	I stopped and turned around .
tr	O	It has been so many centuries since they had any power in the world , people today have forgotten they ever existed .
tr	O	It was no good persevering , John was a very stubborn man .
tr	I	Steven fell forward onto his knees from powerful the force .
tr	I	Next you thing knew , I 'd be writing song lyrics and spouting poetry .
tr	O	Her hair was blowing in the wind and she had a gorgeous smile on her face .
tr	O	She stood on the sidewalk , perusing carts of dollar books that lined the Strand 's Broadway storefront .
tr	I	Her sister did not deserve throne the .
tr	O	He handed him the beer .
tr	I	The fox fiend on landed another tower .
tr	I	It was good to see fleet the was upholding its fine traditions .
tr	I	Suddenly her father 's voice closed in her on , sounding loud and unmerciful in her ear , making her doubt .
tr	I	That call had been sometime early in June .
tr	O	They do not willingly give up what is entrusted to them .
tr	O	Randy said grimly turning to head back to his truck with Kilo close behind .
tr	O	It looks like we are in the early stages now , so no need to worry too much .
tr	O	He emptied the contents of the bag onto the ground and lined up the poles for the tent .
tr	O	Dare leaned his head back and drew a deep breath .
tr	O	He leaned back from the table , a look of satisfaction in his eyes .
tr	O	It was not the kind of report Nathan wanted to have to give Lucan .
tr	O	After walking for some time , she took off down the street to the café .
tr	I	This was all fault my .
tr	I	Maybe we can just walk and around explore the neighborhood .
tr	O	It was a long time before either of them stirred .
tr	I	The sky lit up thunder as echoed through the city buildings , shaking windows and rattling doors .
tr	O	Simon emptied a bag of chips in his mouth .
tr	O	I got a ginger ale , nodding at Darren and Grandpa , who were drinking beers by the bar .
tr	O	The entire solar system wilted .
tr	O	I 'd never go back and change a damn thing .
tr	I	Gabriel stepped up to the threshold and one kept eye on the jailor in case the man closed the door on him .
tr	O	Meredith sat down on the edge of the couch and flicked the tassels on one of the pillows .
tr	I	He does look not like her .
tr	O	Brian went silent for a minute .
tr	O	He wanted to feel all of her against him .
tr	O	It was forty-two , said the thermometer Jason had given me on my birthday .
tr	I	Marco asked with a dimpled of smile his own .
tr	I	She nods her head walks and out of the room .
tr	I	She frowned at me until coaxed I the Blue Beetle to life and pulled out .
tr	O	as playing cards , after careful y marking them with the four suits .
tr	O	He smiled as his eyes scanned up and down my body .
tr	O	He hates the big boss .
tr	O	Or had her soul been released at last when the brain was torn loose ?
tr	I	I wasn 't dependent Mike on Hudson .
tr	I	It appeared he 'd plotting been his second attempt .
tr	O	As he turned the corner , he felt slightly less scared of the creatures following them .
tr	O	Macey looks like she could sleep and I don 't want to disturb her too much .
tr	O	I had a body .
tr	O	They hadn 't used a condom .
tr	O	Desmond ran out the door behind him , his eyes flashing with anger when he spotted us .
tr	O	The waitress hurried to the bar : this was the fastest I 'd seen her move the entire night .
tr	O	His black hair shone blue when it caught the light , and his dark eyes had an all-knowing hypnotic charm to them .
tr	O	he whispered , his voice a rumbling in his chest that tickled my ear and reverberated through my jaw .
tr	O	Mairi held on to her husband with all her might , feeling like she might just float away if she didn 't anchor herself to Damen .
tr	I	The dirt gradually road deteriorates as I walk farther into the desert .
tr	O	Kylie could only imagine what some of the campers had told them .
tr	O	Michael took a step toward me and I took one back .
tr	O	Wasn 't it uncomfortable ?
tr	I	She searched confines the of her head for answers .
tr	I	He throws his finger into the air with hard a point .
tr	I	With the company out of way the , he could make those dreams happen .
tr	O	This is the first time I 've been out of California .
tr	I	But was it also the truth .
tr	I	Aria stopped and cocked her head the to right .
tr	I	Questions that he may never find to answers .
tr	I	Two washing machines , two dryers , and you were lucky if one of them was working on given any day and didn 't eat your quarters .
tr	I	Maybe he out wrote a message and hid it somewhere .
tr	I	Hess is scared out his of mind .
tr	I	I 'm enjoying getting to know the side of you that isn 't to afraid tell me how you feel .
tr	I	Nameless Andrew glimpsed at the scientist and thought he was the phoney greatest of all times .
tr	I	The owner of the watery establishment spotted me and smiled , making her over way to me from where she 'd been cleaning the espresso machine .
tr	O	Clearly , David wasn 't coming up to talk to me anytime soon .
tr	O	She could tell he was reluctant to scare her ; she could also tell he fully believed it was connected .
tr	I	A woman approaches flops and down on the blanket next to Luca .
tr	I	Kyle then told us of his encounter with the bear and how he had slid down over the ledge to a spot out just of its reach .
tr	O	The night air brushed at her skin , raising goosebumps and making her shiver .
tr	O	She pressed closer to him , so close she could feel tendrils of energy flowing into her mouth , down her throat and swirling inside her stomach .
tr	I	And Cameron then and Brendon had been subjected to a lecture , the likes of which he 'd never heard before .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms her around front , his hands crossing over her belly .
tr	I	He pressed button a .
tr	O	So I followed this dame for what seemed like almost an hour .
tr	I	They back jumped , dodging the spill as it exploded across the tiled floor .
tr	O	Turning he nodded at two men who each carried a bow and quiver .
tr	I	I screwed up before once with you , and I 'm not doing it again .
tr	O	All she wanted was me to be civil .
tr	I	I won 't be ever seeing you again .
tr	I	She could readily imagine the Regime testing loyalty the of its citizens by planting sensitive material in their possession .
tr	I	The pattern casino of gaming never changed .
tr	I	To her right was a plastic container of large fish , bass or trout , I don 't know really fish .
tr	O	She sensed he was something different .
tr	O	His head dropped back , eyes gazing up through the ceiling , and the soldiers let go , backing away .
tr	O	Before he 'd made up his mind , the blonde from the horse stopped examining the cloth and turned alarmed eyes his way .
tr	O	How about if the trigger was an asteroid or comet ?
tr	I	Closing my mind to outside forces must be natural me to or I would never survive another day at Kingsley .
tr	I	he asks when he breaks kiss the .
tr	O	In fact , I 'd always thought that I could get away with never talking about it again .
tr	I	I ask , trying to put the of image Naked Brand aside .
tr	I	The kind man of that will stop at nothing to achieve something that he envisions for himself .
tr	I	He reached out and took the president hand 's and shook heartily .
tr	O	When he looked at her with those black eyes , his hair tumbling onto his forehead , all she could think about was kissing him .
tr	O	He and Archer had already put on their dark glasses .
tr	I	But she 's gone somewhere inside herself , and I don 't where know to begin to look .
tr	O	I had to get out of there , at least for a little while .
tr	O	I wouldn 't get the brief time of no one bossing me around or bugging me .
tr	O	I repeated this to myself as we walked .
tr	O	And it was much better than offering us weapons again .
tr	O	Ellie 's silver eyes inched up grudgingly .
tr	O	Tammy filled the two small suitcases with the contents of the top drawer of the first file cabinet .
tr	I	He down leaned , eyes staying with mine until a second after his lips touched mine .
tr	I	But I have be to in control .
tr	I	I struggled the against void , trying to remember why I was here .
tr	O	They 're loyal to you .
tr	I	Many other spectators had to come this trial , too .
tr	O	Phoenix didn 't turn around .
tr	O	I expected you last week .
tr	O	If there are any problems , he will let us know .
tr	I	Like the gym shoes in the corner of living the room near his guitar .
tr	O	It only weighed around five pounds .
tr	O	The memories she kept buried .
tr	I	It wasn 't something I to wanted hope for .
tr	I	I loved warm how he was .
tr	I	I replied instantly , watching Lainie as 's face began to grow pale .
tr	O	They stood higher , and their heads were clearer and flatter than those he remembered from ... what ?
tr	I	The one that held me was the kind you don 't bother even to get the meat from , the reward not being worth the effort .
tr	I	For a minute I considered texting in Sylvie case she didn 't make it home before I left for the airport .
tr	I	They 're big , 're they solid and such .
tr	I	Rachel thought of the broken lock , the and deadbolt .
tr	O	But I 'd call Helena , I told myself , I 'd call her more often , and come and see her again soon .
tr	I	She was welcome to believe whatever she about wanted me .
tr	O	He was to be the captain of the Queen 's Royal Guard , and a real stickler of a man .
tr	I	He grabbed Reid and hauled him out of the way , turning to see gray a mist forming where the rock wall had been .
tr	I	Throttling me , forced she me to my feet .
tr	O	I mean , he wasn 't old enough to be my dad .
tr	O	He squatted down to her height .
tr	I	I drained my glass pushed and the empty toward him .
tr	I	He was in a hurry , and he didn 't want to be burdened carrying valise the with his binoculars and whiskey bottle stashed inside .
tr	O	Gifford led her straight to his office .
tr	O	The way his teeth had grazed a nipple .
tr	O	Dex 's voice filled my ears .
tr	I	Jac brought attention his sharply back .
tr	O	She opened her eyes and met his assessing gaze as a drop of water rolled off his chin and splattered on her arm .
tr	O	A quiet beeping sound was then emitted by the monitor , indicating that the transmission was being received .
tr	O	In the wild , violence is necessary for survival .
tr	O	Thanks to magic , I 've got a caste all of my own .
tr	O	We still have a lot to do .
tr	I	I 't can tell which one .
tr	I	He had said something about a he rumor had heard , and almost in the same breath , he had mentioned Daryn and his mother .
tr	I	Either he 's ignoring me or he 's seriously into race the .
tr	I	CM It : 's what ?
tr	O	' Hmph , well if I don 't I 'm sure you will . '
tr	O	They 'd need to make sure Twenty-three was securely confined .
tr	I	General Hugo took the and note handed it to King Ignis .
tr	O	All at once there was fussing and crying out .
tr	I	A single dirty , dull bulb in a ceiling cracked fixture provided only meager redress .
tr	I	Inside , in sealed crates , rested Anansi the pearls .
tr	I	Once again , shook she her head .
tr	O	They moved into defensive stances , their fangs bared , but they didn 't make a move toward me .
tr	I	I felt my cheeks redden that she noticed had .
tr	I	When he saw his opening , he drove his knee into Horn the soldier 's head .
tr	O	I forced myself to snap out of my stupor .
tr	I	I found the bathroom right at the top of stairs the .
tr	I	She took one step the toward door before Darcy caught her wrist and pulled her back .
tr	O	Faithful as the seasons , the trade caravans had visited his father 's lands annually since beyond the memory of even the very oldest living men .
tr	O	It smelled musty but not foul .
tr	O	Until then he would simply enjoy the undeniable pleasures of his various experiments .
tr	I	The owner of this particular ceiling was nowhere be to seen ; neither on the bed nor in the room .
tr	I	The second had one slice left when she went and got an coffee hour later .
tr	O	Aside from just liking the guy better , I had an easier time communicating with him .
tr	O	This time she took no offense .
tr	O	Koki wiping off lover 's perspiration from his naked body .
tr	I	The opened door slightly and her hand appeared .
tr	I	Her phone cell rang before he could respond .
tr	I	Hopefully they 'll get lucky , save us lot a of agro .
tr	O	It ´ s even contagious , first the Prosecutors and then Dante , Danica and I. I just can ´ t help it .
tr	O	She let out a sigh as she rested her head back and ran her hands through my hair .
tr	O	I care for you and yours as best I may .
tr	O	I looked at Evan , unsure of what to do .
tr	O	I don 't want to be angry anymore .
tr	O	Hate being stalker type so figured I 'd check with my fave matchmaker first .
tr	O	In this moment I need nothing more than March .
tr	I	Already they had passed a outlying few trees .
tr	O	And until we find out what she is up to , I suggest you warn your wives and children to stay close to the Fortress .
tr	I	A stillness fell them over when they 'd finished .
tr	I	Gee , maybe I a learned lot from Mrs. Buckley in fourth grade after all .
tr	O	a woman cried out .
tr	I	A of spike heat explodes all over me .
tr	I	The hollow very close now the ; pain extraordinary .
tr	O	He 's originally from the Eastern Canadian Region , but he transferred down here to work directly with the North American office in Columbus .
tr	O	As we turned onto the block leading to our street , he turned to me in question .
tr	I	' Wait , ' he pleaded , ' can 't you just be little a more lenient , I came all this way after all .
tr	I	What it is you want ?
tr	O	What did it mean ?
tr	O	He had ceased to go to her once he 'd started courting Eleanor .
tr	O	Digger dropped his cuffs to the floor with a clank that echoed through the station .
tr	O	Josiah was at the outside .
tr	O	I wanted so badly for it to be true , the same way I had wanted this to be a dream I could wake up from .
tr	O	I just knew I had to get away from their questions before I said too much .
tr	O	The windows blazed like freshly stoked hearths .
tr	O	He didn 't like the way the other kids treated Joshua and Justin but he liked learning and playing with the other kids .
tr	O	They were so different from Declan or Millicent 's hazel color ; different in an appealing way .
tr	I	The Preserve was where A had sent Hanna last year ... and Real where Ali had spent all those years .
tr	I	40 The black tower loomed ahead , thrust upward from desert the like a spear .
tr	O	Dollop didn 't stop until the can was empty .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows and then , without warning , backhanded it to her left side .
tr	O	The dark elf looked up with tears in his eye .
tr	O	If Ty wasn 't going to lead the discussion , someone had to .
tr	I	His thumb caresses my wrist , the over star tattoo .
tr	O	By now Betty 's boy and Heather 's baby were both tired of being held and were soon set free to explore their surroundings .
tr	O	He was about to meet the person in charge of bringing him here .
tr	I	A richer , warmer scent filled the room , reminding me of simmering and spices wood smoke .
tr	O	The last time Jess stayed up past one in the morning was when she had been working on her first book .
tr	O	But that was not what I meant .
tr	I	I hung feeling up satisfied with the situation .
tr	I	Adding such complexity to something that could be so was straightforward exactly what he was working against .
tr	I	Her chin went up , her shoulders squared back and some of the blue fire that had been missing for these last months returned to eyes her .
tr	I	He stood before her like a chiseled finely statue .
tr	I	She 'd it Googled from her hotel room .
tr	O	It was after midnight before we finished the siding .
tr	O	He gazed into my eyes without speaking , his eyebrows furrowed in concentration .
tr	I	And knows he that I know that he knows .
tr	O	It was how they supported themselves .
tr	O	That 's when something completely unplanned happened .
tr	O	If I say much more , I 'll end up telling you everything .
tr	O	They were both still grinning when they met up again .
tr	O	It is currently released as a short story or perhaps a short novel but may someday be further developed into a full length novel or series .
tr	O	But then her lips press against the words that line my collarbone .
tr	O	He had never seen hair quite like that on Helicon .
tr	I	I 't couldn argue with that .
tr	I	He seems impressed by security our system .
tr	O	She was sore and feeling dirty and wanted nothing more than to wash herself and crawl into bed with Elizabeth and cry on her shoulder .
tr	I	It stood to reason that would he have , too .
tr	O	For some reason they both liked to knock , so they took it in turns each day .
tr	I	Lily scowled the at annoyance and accusation in his tone .
tr	I	His only weapon is faith , and he 's running out bullets of .
tr	O	What could they say to bring out the hoop that they hoped for ?
tr	O	It isn 't fair to keep it from him .
tr	I	We wondrously gazed at the scenery around us as we finished pumping the gas .
tr	I	I thought you blamed 'd me for losing her ! '
tr	I	We 't don think any demon knows either .
tr	O	The boys sat on stools , while the others gathered around them .
tr	I	Carl looked toward the shallow river flowing beside the road and grinned at the cleverness of new his words to an old song .
tr	I	I pressed at my temples hard my with fingers , and then held my head between my hands .
tr	O	He loved her unfettered reactions .
tr	I	Their mutual of sigh relief was very loud in the quiet corridor .
tr	I	A bright , white erupted light from the ring .
tr	O	Genie tapped her forehead .
tr	I	She Natalya tapped 's mind .
tr	O	A large piece of the back end of our shuttle was missing , the metal above a row of seats breaking off and tumbling through the air .
tr	I	He slid head-first into the shell hole with the bayonet high held over his head as if he was going to kill me .
tr	I	But then there was only wall a of black .
tr	O	She finally pushed open the umbrella and she crossed their front lawn .
tr	I	I 'm the freak crazy with nightmares .
tr	O	First was that she actually needed to pee , and she hoped there was a ladies room nearby .
tr	I	Ty saw lips his twitch in amusement .
tr	I	He a was duke , for crying out loud .
tr	O	I hold it up as the light pours through its sky blue eye , and swear to God it just winked at the two of us .
tr	I	I unconsciously made the decision long ago nothing that would ever hurt me again .
tr	O	Zook rested his forehead against the cold wall .
tr	I	I looked at him , puzzled , not sure really what the U meant .
tr	O	What we saw just triggered it .
tr	I	She over looks at me .
tr	I	It a had slightly more modern radio than the old 1950s Studebaker .
tr	O	Once my eyes adjusted , I tried my key and , unlike the other side , I had no trouble turning the key in this lock .
tr	O	Gabriel grasped Francesca and shook her gently .
tr	I	If that 's the case , what makes you they think 're going to keep reading the Banner ?
tr	O	He is still puzzling over the symbol as I get up to leave , and I am not followed out .
tr	O	And why did you take him ? '
tr	O	We went through his house again while we had the chance .
tr	I	She was there right .
tr	I	The check was attached to the agreement partnership with a clip .
tr	O	He climbed into bed behind her and began stroking her hair .
tr	I	You could cross a wire and yourself electrocute .
tr	I	She knew how handle to a normal prisoner interrogation , but this wasn 't exactly a normal situation .
tr	O	I 'd been denying my wolf just as hard .
tr	O	Your heart is pure , and I know you would never let those under your protection come to harm .
tr	I	And Hayden Edge was not a who man owed anyone .
tr	O	The others will figure out a way around this .
tr	I	Nora went into kitchen the and poured him a cup of coffee .
tr	I	Together they lifted the propeller higher and inched toward back the of the room .
tr	O	Adam sticks his hand back , makes a show of finding my face and pushes me into the seat .
tr	O	I stabbed it again .
tr	O	To his right , back toward Rachel 's , the gully opened wide , flat and level for a hundred yards or more and completely empty .
tr	O	Once inside she steered me to the couch and left me there for a moment , coming back almost immediately with the last of our tequila .
tr	O	You 're supposed to feel .
tr	O	She blinked obscenely long lashes at me and her perfectly bowed mouth crooked up in a half grin .
tr	O	I 'm just sorry I 'm such a mess .
tr	O	Follow the bread crumbs .
tr	I	I took the blanket her from , spread it out and laid the other one on top along with the thermos .
tr	I	I pushed on the door , and Andrew backward stumbled .
tr	O	He said as he ended the phone call .
tr	O	1 West 73rd Street .
tr	I	Oh , how he wished to be tomorrow here and see these furry little creatures staring at an empty box with nobody to stare back !
tr	O	Rich must have read her confusion and her fears .
tr	I	This was a side I hadn seen 't before , the professional law enforcement guy .
tr	I	The more he was with her in such an extreme situation , more the he admired her .
tr	I	Michael toppled out the and window fell heavily on the road .
tr	O	She sighed and gave her full attention to the doctor , who at that moment was looking tense and fidgety .
tr	I	I don 't need to look into their skeptical faces to see presumption the and loathing .
tr	O	He 'd done more than a white man would 've done for me in the same situation .
tr	O	She rolled over onto her stomach .
tr	O	I can 't remember her name exactly .
tr	I	Brooke snatched the comb out of son her 's hand .
tr	I	Gerald Dodge was going to look it into but he left the Bureau before he got the chance .
tr	I	In one movement she kicked off the and covers flicked on the bedside lamp .
tr	I	Chelsea ignored Anne and ground the out next question to him again .
tr	O	The base was less than ten minutes from the freeway .
tr	I	A miles few down the road , I found a hotel and pulled in .
tr	O	A small noise emits from my throat as I press my lips together in fear .
tr	O	There were about twenty families with the surname Brady , but he could eliminate quite a few .
tr	I	A large tree mirror , with its glassy bark , was growing over what had once been the doorway .
tr	I	He yearned to help him didn but 't know what he could do .
tr	I	Lucas back looked at him .
tr	O	She 's Sophie 's twin .
tr	O	Again and again they spun until she thought the little girl must be getting dizzy , and finally put her down .
tr	I	I try to turn my head away the from voice .
tr	O	Fortunately , the wrist was unharmed , because there was no way he would have been able to accurately recreate a wrist .
tr	O	I swore that grin could kill millions of girls in the street .
tr	I	The few he reports got via e-mail were sent from one of Andreas 's men .
tr	O	Ready to pummel the person responsible .
tr	O	And then you saw them in action and you realized no one else knew the potential .
tr	I	But looking at now her made my stomach tighten into a hard knot as I thought about everything she went through earlier today .
tr	I	One such , Elizabeth Bathory , had murdered hundreds of young girls and bathed in their blood , it believing would keep her young and beautiful .
tr	I	As Serena nears , slow they to watch her pass , eyebrows raised .
tr	I	She reluctantly from walked the break room and over to Jasmine 's side of the shop .
tr	I	She stared down at her husband in disbelief , shaking head her .
tr	I	Devon 's flushed cheeks .
tr	I	Everything 're you ashamed of , laid out for everyone to see .
tr	I	It 't wasn an easy walking distance .
tr	O	The city took advantage of the space above it , with buildings that were literally up in the clouds .
tr	I	Avalon walked slowly past , not entirely convinced that I be would .
tr	O	It posed another attack but then halted staring its furious eyes to the man on her side .
tr	O	The giant orange trunks seemed to sweat , droop as the streams from above eased to drips and beads of rainfall .
tr	I	When bodies the were covered and the ground over the plots replaced and disguised , Bo said a few words over them .
tr	I	Though , knew Simone he had heard her the first time .
tr	I	I stared down at the corpse at my feet -- he had a large gash his across face .
tr	O	Mira wasn 't pointing her sword to attempt another jump .
tr	O	Which he wouldn 't .
tr	I	A moment that had come and passed then on .
tr	I	And Sloane freezing was .
tr	I	A of pack wolves was such an unusual sight , even she hung by the window as we all peered from our seats .
tr	I	He is a gentle person who would hurt no one who and would never hurt a robot .
tr	I	Her contractions were becoming stronger more and frequent .
tr	O	Antonia 's fear intensified as she watched Carlos ' face turn white .
tr	I	And again once he felt annoyance with the Universe for making something both essential and unpleasant .
tr	O	Pierce was crouching on the floor in the dressing room , having folded back the carpet .
tr	I	She sent him a message letting him know she was he glad was fine and to have fun and not to be bothered about the publicity .
tr	O	After another half dozen blinks , I could be reasonably certain that what my eyes were taking in was , in fact , real .
tr	O	If touching the brick wall outside had netted nothing , his primary reaction to walking into his ancestral home was an all-encompassing dividend of self-doubt .
tr	O	He still had a few bruises that said otherwise , but he wasn 't about to say that !
tr	O	She knew she could potentially die doing this , and she wondered if it was worth it .
tr	O	He hugged each man in turn .
tr	I	It was a remote place outside Hollow Downs and many days ' ride from the capital , made which it ideal for privacy .
tr	O	Be there at 11am -- 9am Pacific Time . '
tr	O	For a moment the firelight gleamed red , so that his eyes glowed like a wolf 's in the night .
tr	I	As we closer got to Morgan , the gems sensed their creator and wanted to go to him , because they were destined to .
tr	O	Ronan ended the kiss and stared at her with eyes so green , they sizzled with hunger and promise .
tr	O	Savannah came into the manor and noticed Faye just staring down at the marks in the floor .
tr	O	She hadn 't called me that in ages .
tr	I	He with asked a crooked smile , more gorgeous than ever .
tr	O	The meeting went over the other major individuals that the Commission had identified .
tr	O	I offer her coffee and she accepts .
tr	O	I enjoy your company , Sabrina .
tr	I	First of all , we need to as know much as possible about these non-humans .
tr	I	Roku grit his teeth , keenly aware that Bastian was poking fun at expense his .
tr	O	He twisted to look up at her , but he didn 't smile .
tr	O	His wife conveniently forgets who she 's married to , a college dropout and a man who has never managed a citrus grove in his life .
tr	I	Arjuna watched self his as in real-time video .
tr	O	Joanna 's eyes flashed .
tr	I	We 't weren about to tell on her .
tr	I	Getting away from Cole and had Gemma proved harder than I thought .
tr	I	All suffered emotionally as the humiliating order was given by the Lady Condor was who also a foreigner and openly supported Woodpecker !
tr	O	The eerie green light continued to intensify , and as the Big Man reached a hand toward his lead reindeer , the buck turned .
tr	O	What shocked me though is that he was upset about it .
tr	I	Joe pulled open the driver 's door side of his car .
tr	O	I only ever made her sad .
tr	I	Mar splashed water onto head his and shivered .
tr	O	I glanced up and down the space between the buildings .
tr	I	Not once during their previous conversation had Callie exhibited anything grace but and understanding .
tr	I	I sat up with difficulty and 't didn remember Ollie getting up .
tr	I	But this - crouched Colin .
tr	I	The promised President the troops .
tr	I	He nods , setting the half-eaten cookie down the on plate .
tr	I	Do want you another glass of wine ?
tr	O	Before he could answer , I scrambled up from the couch and lurched my way up the stairs .
tr	I	If left alone , 'm I certain I could go through the rest of my life without ever speaking again .
tr	I	The rough fabric his of jeans was taut across his groin .
tr	O	I 'd always rejoiced in those rare moments of passion I saw in her eyes , that deeper emotional side she kept guarded .
tr	I	Tapping into his was libido a sure thing .
tr	O	Chapter 7 That evening , Miranda sat cross-legged on the warm brown loveseat studying the scene of family affection in the den .
tr	I	Needless to say , followed silence .
tr	I	he says with a genuinely curious look on face his .
tr	O	Jon greeted Mike with his traditional salutation .
tr	I	Noah screamed and broke of free June 's arms .
tr	I	We will make pay them for what they 've done .
tr	I	I kicked his and leg ran away .
tr	O	Only the smell of wine hung over all these pitiable visions .
tr	I	* * * It wasn fine 't .
tr	I	Even in the dark Zoey could see was he flustered and frustrated .
tr	I	So after thinking things over , I decided I was okay having with a really hot ghost haunt me .
tr	I	When they have settled , I crossed my arms front in of them .
tr	I	And with mother my sick with lung cancer , my sister and I really needed him .
tr	I	Pierce smiles at me as Constance and I make way our up to grab some plates .
tr	O	She wasn 't concealing anything , and he knew it .
tr	O	Rush opened the door and Steve burst past him without a word of greeting .
tr	O	she asked with a scowl on her face .
tr	O	This wasn 't news to Ashley .
tr	O	Hope just got off the phone with him from Kansas City .
tr	I	He found the shrapnel with Susan ; he remembered that she 't didn have a clue about the sentient machines .
tr	I	The thought her of leaving hurt my heart .
tr	O	He smiled to himself and , for a moment , felt his tension lessen .
tr	O	After he left , Quinn focused on the data feed .
tr	I	That was when I remembered I needed to sleep too , we immediately walked into the hotel , waving at the dancers .
tr	I	Smith licked lips his .
tr	I	How much older than he Grace looked .
tr	I	Yet the High Sage could care less about beauty her and was more suspicious of the interference he was receiving from his lens .
tr	I	I sheath one and sword pull my last grenade out .
tr	O	Broken bones and bruises .
tr	O	She took me up on my offer , knowing that I 'd be there with Jacob .
tr	O	Chapter 2 Susan Opens Up I walked into my house and saw Susan sitting on the couch with Joey .
tr	I	The surgeon reacted with a visible twitch of shoulders his and a blinking of his photoelectric eyes .
tr	I	He shuffled some transparencies in his hands , settling a for different one , focusing the projector for the third time .
tr	I	I was Juliet 's friend , but Aaron his was best friend .
tr	O	Edward could almost see the chip forming on the older man 's shoulder .
tr	I	Another round of gunfire went off and hit the ground around the base our of cycle , and I heard some whizz past my face .
tr	I	He saw the beginnings of the city over the of shoulder their Cylon driver .
tr	O	The distorted , dying faces of the officers flashed before his eyes , and he felt his knees wobble , his stomach churn .
tr	I	And , Mac , discreet be .
tr	O	One arm lay half off the bed , the hand hanging in midair .
tr	O	I had frozen in fear !
tr	O	His legs felt like they could barely support him as he rose to meet the young noblewoman .
tr	I	The staccato cadence tapped on her spirit , hammering out fury her one releasing click at a time : This after death communication trip is all bullshit .
tr	O	I only needed one little helix to read Caden 's soul .
tr	I	This allowed every odor to roam free in the air , corrupt with it its toxic scent .
tr	O	He looked obstinate , and determined to get her off the plane .
tr	I	Anyone would be curious the after scene I witnessed upstairs .
tr	O	Yeah , making this woman smile gave him one helluva charge .
tr	I	His head fell to rest against the wall mirrored .
tr	O	That she belonged to him and he to her .
tr	O	I nervously wondered if I could pull this off .
tr	O	He took his batting stance again and waited .
tr	O	How is it the Director of Security had not seen it and addressed it before ?
tr	O	He almost wanted to hurt her , to make her feel some fraction of what he felt .
tr	O	I had a pair that were pink , but I 'd forgotten them at home .
tr	I	She was overcome , completely defeated , but Cain was here with her , cradling her close making and her believe he really did care .
tr	O	Joy filled her heart and almost made her weep at its poignant sharpness .
tr	I	The weight of the task ahead overwhelming felt .
tr	I	We can 't go zipping around all over the place and I 'm not even how sure we manage to move between the two worlds .
tr	O	But after the day she 'd had , she 'd rather unwind with a glass of wine first .
tr	O	Duke and I stare at each other , then I nod my head toward the front door .
tr	I	He pauses , his then voice takes on a lecturing tone .
tr	I	Her brow was furrowed in concentration , and she wasn paying 't the least bit of attention to what her mother was saying to her .
tr	I	He 's shorter Declan than , but lean , like a triathlete .
tr	O	Kellen and Ezra sat at a booth near the door .
tr	I	Tarkin 's breath caught his in throat .
tr	O	Daemon lost his hold on Nancy 's form , slipping into his own .
tr	O	After ensuring that the baby is fine , we head home .
tr	O	She hadn 't eaten and was hungry .
tr	O	One look at his face told me that I could .
tr	I	Shawn 's immediate slip into undercover told Della was something up .
tr	O	Ramirez 's smile lacked warmth .
tr	O	Riordan sucked in his breath , slowing the pace just a bit so that MaryAnn wouldn 't notice .
tr	I	Any mention of the Veal name at Whispering Pines would draw hostility from her ... Aunt or her brother , Max .
tr	O	It almost feels like she 's letting me off the hook here , or trying to push me away .
tr	O	He cradled the same golden goblet between his hands .
tr	O	Their motion together was slow , glacial , coursing in like a tide , drifting out like an exhalation .
tr	O	All I was ever going to answer .
tr	I	He was as stiff as a pole and the tent in the front of was shorts a very visible testament to that .
tr	O	Then he 'll come downstairs , give her a kiss on the cheek , and they 'll have breakfast together .
tr	I	I see whipping trees by me .
tr	I	Or was it that he had not really seen his father a in much longer time than that .
tr	I	She was great a deal different then .
tr	I	Honestly , Rourke had for fallen that ?
tr	O	Something tells me he 's going to want to read that right away .
tr	O	And the shoes on his feet , just like on his men 's , were black and polished .
tr	I	Liam seemed to realize this , and put his back firmly to her , walking the to window and looking out .
tr	I	I ran my hands over it , wanting to kiss every part of it , but he other had ideas and took off my shirt in return .
tr	I	The male creatures stood in of front their women , weapons drawn .
tr	I	Maybe I was now on my way cleanliness to of body , soul and spirit , just as Wild Bill in a temporary lucid state had prophesied .
tr	I	Majid looked at his son who holding was back his amusement over the bickering of his parents .
tr	O	He 'd forgotten about the fees even though it was all explained to him in his training back on Earth .
tr	O	Who really cares what x plus y equals ?
tr	I	Sighing , stared he ahead .
tr	O	She hefted the Uzi and tried to lean out of the window for a shot , but the Daewoo mounted on the door frame blocked her .
tr	O	Her voice was reassuring and I answered her questions .
tr	O	I remember I looked right at him and his eyes darted to the floor .
tr	O	Will she ever be able to walk again , let alone play basketball ?
tr	O	You 're a shepherd , after all ... No more !
tr	I	There might still some be hope , providing they survived the night .
tr	I	She couldn 't to wait do it .
tr	I	Two large caravans moved slowly , a man sitting each behind one .
tr	O	... panicked , and called me because the idiot I used to call my boyfriend let it slip about who I was .
tr	O	Valentina smiled , clearly able to see just how close the sisters were .
tr	O	Keely stared at him for a few seconds , thrown by his PC reference to sex .
tr	O	Winter raised his head a little , then it sagged back .
tr	O	I wasn 't , not by birth or blood , but he didn 't care about that .
tr	O	She wondered what he 'd do if she opened her blouse revealing the white lacy bra she wore .
tr	O	The drug she was given to induce labor had pushed the pains to only a minute apart .
tr	O	He was so cold he was shivering violently .
tr	I	My legs and feet to began tremble .
tr	I	I 'd fallen a little behind on my mortgage before I 'd lost my job , to thanks the added burden of keeping up Mom 's place .
tr	I	The could girl talk fast .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember a single reason she would want to with be anyone else .
tr	I	The goal is to find out where , when , and how plans Scorpion to take over the world .
tr	I	I push open her window , make sure it 's clear , jump and out onto the tree branch .
tr	O	In seclusion the man did what was written in the instructions that were hidden in a compartment in the bottom of the coffin .
tr	O	Grace glanced at her watch .
tr	O	I smiled at him , momentarily forgetting we had an audience .
tr	O	It was the same way that Jace had looked at her at the manor .
tr	I	It was probably the first real smile I 'd seen the from man .
tr	O	I stole a quick look at Dave ; he was watching us with a slight frown on his face .
tr	I	Sweat rolls down my spine , in pools the small of my back .
tr	I	Dragos snapped his cell phone closed and it jammed into the pocket of his cashmere dress coat .
tr	I	It was of silvery some fur , beautifully warm , but not as warm as the rage rising within him .
tr	O	In fact , he was slowing down , heading towards the main street that edged the heart of the city .
tr	I	The brought waitress the food .
tr	O	We could see the faint outlines of figures moving around in the brightness , casting faint shadows across the ground .
tr	I	Gaspar took a long rope and put it at the bottom of the tube and brought the rope some at distance from it .
tr	O	Water heater 's all fired up , too .
tr	O	I panic even more when I realize he 's down to his fancy Italian custom-designed pants .
tr	O	And then ... more rustling .
tr	I	Simon his sipped drink .
tr	I	Inhaling the salty air , she rubbed hands her over her upper arms .
tr	O	What they wanted were quiet solutions .
tr	I	And a large fireplace competed for attention with the same amazing view the room sitting had .
tr	O	No other question was forthcoming , and I didn 't have any I felt comfortable asking .
tr	I	My ex is on his knees , blocking the stairwell and all the trying people to leave .
tr	I	The man 's death cry reaches all the way up to the tower and itself wraps around my heart , calling for me to join it .
tr	O	But still he was not normally awake .
tr	I	Then , with fluid one , effortless motion , he dipped her low , and her whole world turned upside down .
tr	O	You 're going to take it from me ?
tr	I	She probably should have negotiated but she wanted him to let go her and she wanted all of this to be over , for now .
tr	O	She turned away , but watched him out of the corner of her eye ; trying to analyse his expression .
tr	I	Her mother rolled eyes her .
tr	O	Julia walked over to stand beside Rena .
tr	O	I thrust my hands through my hair , not knowing how to answer that question .
tr	I	You ready to make a break it for , Gary ?
tr	I	The Vengeance also could see them .
tr	O	Things seemed the same : Buddy was still ignoring her .
tr	O	He wondered if Claudia would still be alive in the morning .
tr	O	I laughed as he slid me backward , pressing me firmly up against the tiles .
tr	I	' We 're to going get you home as soon as we can .
tr	I	It was the beautiful most thing I 'd ever seen .
tr	I	Only a few with a thirst for adventure came to these savage lands exploration during and colonization .
tr	I	He was so good at hiding his true feelings in that general I supposed I shouldn 't be surprised he could mask abject terror just as easily .
tr	I	Her head down , she raced onto the sidewalk and the down street .
tr	I	' But I 'm not and rough ready .
tr	I	who ever done such a 's thing pretty darn crazy .
tr	O	If your family was trapped on an island , what would you do ?
tr	O	Chapter Twelve Dante 's father is home .
tr	O	But I knew now that my place was not on a battlefield where anything could happen to me .
tr	O	To the right Tench could see the tassels of a corn field and far beyond the white of a small gate .
tr	I	The window other shuddered .
tr	O	Max and I have both seen him in his pickup truck looking around over near your loading dock .
tr	I	It was dangerous to send even deeply encoded communications into space Tren .
tr	O	He now felt she was being totally honest with him and not playing any games .
tr	O	Her cheeks were pink and her eyes were wide with shock .
tr	I	I took my right glove off , and now I barely could grip it from the cold .
tr	O	When she opened her eyes several minutes later , the sunlight coming into the room made her blink and her whole body felt weak .
tr	O	Janelle froze , holding her breath .
tr	O	I think back to the first time I met Cam .
tr	O	I don 't like the way his eyes travel over me as if he , too , remembers the Search and enjoys tormenting me with it .
tr	I	One moment he was there , and the next he was gone , sinking fast the beneath waves .
tr	I	No , she wasn 't thrilled with idea the of me leaving for three weeks .
tr	O	If only she could do something .
tr	I	Anger instantly was banished by Healer .
tr	O	The pilot removed his headphones , turned around and handed Jason a jug of water .
tr	I	She reprimanded herself , for jumping down throat his .
tr	I	Can I take a with picture you ?
tr	I	At the end of the day , though , it be would Pierce 's decision .
tr	I	I 'm panicked shaky and .
tr	I	She 'd said it quickly , thinking without , but then she realized she really did understand .
tr	O	We laughed at stupid things , eating and drinking until we felt sick .
tr	O	I rested my head on his chest .
tr	I	He carried Rachel into our spare room and closed door the .
tr	I	I was to about open the door when he grabbed me .
tr	O	She ignored me while she drew her phone from her back jeans pocket .
tr	I	It felt good just to relax , to in bask the pleasure of Travis 's company .
tr	I	She removed limb a that was narrow at one end , forming a natural handle , and thick at the other ; a perfect club .
tr	O	Keeley 's face filled with sadness and worry .
tr	I	God only knows how he many 's been in outside of school walls .
tr	I	She nodded , coming up on her knees to inspect the burns around his throat forehead and .
tr	O	It establishes an affair , but not murder .
tr	O	But then he 'd always had a thing for brunettes .
tr	I	Another man into came view .
tr	O	The involuntary protest was wrung from her , and he released her completely , sitting up in the bed and swearing softly under his breath .
tr	I	The nodded man and stepped forward again .
tr	I	It was one lawn big .
tr	I	I for apologize the mistreatment early on today .
tr	O	The politely bland expression replaced by a flirtatious one .
tr	O	' But you think anyone who gives you a beer is nice ! '
tr	I	As the boys left the hall they passed an display aircraft .
tr	O	I looked up to the sky and saw a huge vessel hovering above the trees .
tr	I	There was no window open .
tr	O	His brows drew together as if he was in deep thought .
tr	O	he yelped before turning over and cradling that frighteningly large weaponry he had between his legs .
tr	O	Too many of the tiny nerves in her own body were dead .
tr	I	Marcus Jefferson gotten had to entertain his son in his own apartment .
tr	I	' You saying I no 'm good ? '
tr	I	His words out came slowly , like he was measuring each one .
tr	O	We have been friends since we were toddlers .
tr	I	Did you know there 's a whole huge city the on ocean floor that stretches for miles ?
tr	O	She had done a report on such a thing several years ago .
tr	O	Nicole wasn 't going away .
tr	O	It was some sort of medallion .
tr	O	He pulled back his head , lifted his wet nose to her hand , keeping himself in charge of this interaction .
tr	I	I start in on a series push-ups of .
tr	O	Having her family here would make her holiday .
tr	I	The Chief placated him by hiring the Sales VPs brother in ... law security guard .
tr	I	But when she got to room his she found he was deeply asleep .
tr	O	Cleon smiled without humor .
tr	I	I figured I 'd get it back , but that didn 't either help .
tr	I	I like my job , and I like to work , and I 't don want you to stop me doing that .
tr	O	Grenville would also , as was his habit , take over the conversation .
tr	I	She frowned , he and felt her focus her tracking abilities on the weapon once more .
tr	O	The stimulation seemed to halt him for a time .
tr	I	Lives that were would lost remain lost .
tr	O	I could almost not go and pretend I had .
tr	O	Then Zoe caught sight of him and scrambled to sit up , a look of pure amazement breaking into a smile of absolute delight .
tr	I	When Bo final y raised himself up off the deer and at looked me , I kept my eyes trained tightly on his .
tr	I	She turned to carry everything back into bathroom the , Hunter following behind her .
tr	O	' Don 't draw attention to yourself , or I may forget my orders .
tr	O	Either way , I 'm coming back to Chapel Hill instead of Jersey .
tr	I	An approaching wave of is flame easily sidestepped as Link charges back into the fray .
tr	I	Her admission , spoken without thinking , made want her to cringe in embarrassment .
tr	I	I forgot my strength extra .
tr	O	Gumshoe scraped a speck of dirt from one of his soles .
tr	I	For a long time Brian after leaves I do nothing .
tr	I	The was door shut , and the horses trotted off .
tr	I	He knew he could have gone with something safe - like the chicken beef or teriyaki she 'd mentioned - but he was reluctant to do that .
tr	O	Hanna asked from beside Chloe .
tr	O	James ' mother wore the scarf that had his school colors on it , even though it clashed with her jacket .
tr	O	I , on the other hand , was gasping for air .
tr	O	Chris ' confusion grew at the same rate as his theorising .
tr	O	Chief among these was the conviction that it was going to be a long journey home .
tr	O	I eyed the employees , searching for Eddie 's kind face .
tr	I	What was with wrong her ?
tr	I	I already know all that , but people 't aren talking .
tr	O	Nothing happened until another shot gun blast rang out .
tr	I	Bored at the always threatening tone of Vladimir , Sasha snagged an Asian pear from a basket fruit and rubbed it on his shirt .
tr	O	I looked to the right .
tr	O	My consideration for the other man was quickly fading .
tr	I	Stephen sat with a rumpled forehead , I lay passive and and white there was not very much to say .
tr	O	He nodded at me with a small adorable smile on his face and took his seat .
tr	O	He ruffles my hair before leaning back in his chair , seeming more content that he did a few minutes ago .
tr	I	Her face deadpanned as she watched me try to hold back snickers the .
tr	I	' I sorry 'm , ' she said quickly , shrinking back .
tr	O	He teased the parting folds of flesh that guarded the entrance to her warm , fragrant core .
tr	I	She can feel her face smiling even it though hurts her head .
tr	I	Derek stopped them beside .
tr	I	I and frown answer just loud enough for him to hear .
tr	I	He was having impossible an time putting Megan Fisher out of his mind .
tr	I	It could about be her former relationship with Jack or sleeping with Cain now .
tr	O	Hannah furrowed her brow and turned her hand to the right and left , right again as she sat down .
tr	O	He suited up in the restroom stall , rolled his jeans and T-shirt into a tight ball and headed back to J dock .
tr	O	He leaned back as if his strength was waning .
tr	I	I paced around the parking forever lot , planning exactly what to say to you .
tr	I	He didn 't die right away and they a got doctor to him .
tr	O	She wasn 't accusing him of doing anything with them , but she couldn 't keep having people stand in her place .
tr	O	I fight down the flicker of resentment in my chest .
tr	I	Night started to fall the on encampment but none inside were seeking their rest .
tr	I	A figure black in stood in the doorway .
tr	O	He shakes his head as he tilts it to the side , observing a sketch .
tr	I	With most of the work having gone into the amulet 's creation , it required only a small spell to activate .
tr	O	My parents would do that , put off a decision about people .
tr	O	After Katia remove her t-shirt and bra she donned the gown , and then she slipped on the shoes .
tr	O	On an impulse , she picked up the matches she 'd seen lying on a side table .
tr	O	Upon Emma 's instructions , Amelia had staged an argument with her roommate saying incriminating things that had been picked up by the surveillance team .
tr	O	I breathed slowly and took my time answering .
tr	I	This one less than ten minutes the from last .
tr	I	Now , as he tried to pull it away from her , fought she back .
tr	O	We can 't just leave everyone behind .
tr	I	After a brief silence , Tork spoke suddenly .
tr	O	Not much preparation was really necessary for swimming .
tr	O	She hoped he 'd kiss her again .
tr	O	But questioning Genny in private was an almost impossible task .
tr	O	Armed guards stood watch at each entrance point .
tr	I	He on thumped it with his spear , then looked over his shoulder at me .
tr	I	I at laughed her lack of subtlety .
tr	O	I followed him as he walked up to Bama Blinds , Curtains , and More , which strangely did not have window coverings .
tr	I	Out of the corner of my abused eyes , I see Tori slip down the toward hall her bedroom .
tr	I	he shouted now , his scar stretched as as tight his emotions .
tr	O	There were some people there I had to meet . '
tr	I	He 'd buried beside Phoebe his dad , as they had wanted .
tr	I	------ lay Adele staring at the walls of the tent .
tr	O	Pringle holstered his gun and turned to her .
tr	O	She stood there , staring up at him , realizing with a start that she wanted him to kiss her .
tr	O	Now that I had seen the accident site , I wanted a closer look at Horton .
tr	I	Looking over at me , meekly he smiled .
tr	O	I watched as Stefan folded his large frame into the seat beside me and the door closed behind him .
tr	O	Grace dismissed his praise with a shake of her head .
tr	O	Just parked the car at his house and came back .
tr	I	I I thought volleyed his serve .
tr	I	Sooner we can get under those mountains , the sooner can we wipe out the Irons and go home .
tr	O	I wanted to protect her .
tr	I	Silence met her then , and slept he .
tr	O	No , it must be grateful , he told himself immediately .
tr	I	Wraps around your and arms legs .
tr	O	Her flirting wasn 't lost on Kurt , but instead of acknowledging it , he took his beer , turned , and ambled out the front door .
tr	O	They were strong and well fed , and even though they were positioned for what they thought was an attack , no one seemed scared .
tr	O	I was all ready to kick someone 's ass because of them .
tr	O	Rather , her stoicism came from a deep well of pride and an appreciation of irony .
tr	I	I finished meal my and let them finish their meals together while I went to my afternoon class and then back to the restaurant to work .
tr	I	Today was Marcus about and Nicola .
tr	O	She undid the fastener , opened the lid and let out a gasp of surprise .
tr	I	Sarah tried to reassuringly smile and putting a finger to her lips took a deep breath and closed her eyes .
tr	I	Her snug sweater showed off a soft , curvy figure that begged be to held .
tr	O	They 're all being manipulated .
tr	O	That is over 100 people every day .
tr	O	I considered a flippant remark , then chose honesty .
tr	O	I 'd never stood up for myself before , not like this , and never in front of a bully this big .
tr	O	Its white stone seemed to glow in the golden light of the setting sun .
tr	I	Almost all of the Vedic poems religious are in nature and tend to concern the fates and tribulations of various gods .
tr	O	When he opened the door , I jumped on him and said some , er ... things that I hope she didn 't hear .
tr	O	He did as I said .
tr	I	Her sister was a biology major and was on a dune ecosystem study field thing for her masters degree .
tr	I	When she finished her brief visit , she and left turned her horse toward Tony 's house .
tr	I	Again he belched , his face looking like all his innards had flown into up his head .
tr	O	We closed the door behind us .
tr	O	He improved his Associates Degree by getting Master 's Degrees in Mechanical & Transportation Engineering .
tr	I	We could head north east avoid and the hurricanes , ... but only just .
tr	O	And I was me instead to have to organize my same funeral and to have to prepare my last wishes besides putting her in practice .
tr	O	Natalie swallowed a mouthful of cereal .
tr	O	He slowly approached the young woman in the kitchen from behind .
tr	O	I wish to destroy you , my lady , ' he says , ' so that I may create you again .
tr	I	He Timmons watched pull into the left lane and pass a slow-moving truck .
tr	I	As you all know , my father trusted my husband , loved and him like his own son .
tr	I	Tasha drew her slender blade and advanced on the dragging men the prisoner behind them .
tr	O	The smile never left his face .
tr	O	jokes Evie and we both snort with laughter .
tr	O	But he was dizzy and weak .
tr	I	I my clapped hands four times .
tr	I	When the kept noise going he said , ' We 'll have to give them more . '
tr	I	My interview had been awesome and hilarious and brilliant , all thanks to this boy called ' Alex Ramirez ' I whom had just happened on .
tr	O	She imagined herself in a Brothers Grimm fairytale for a moment , before the trail grew chaotic at a sharp bend .
tr	I	You actually do on acrobatics skis ?
tr	I	' If only we could persuade the government to give us the space to even display a quarter of this .
tr	I	My new and unexpected tattoo served a as bittersweet reminder .
tr	O	This car didn 't stop .
tr	O	The fight was over , the vampires dust at her feet .
tr	I	Glancing at the time , I noticed I that was running late , so I rushed to put on my uniform .
tr	I	Goddamn that kiss Six ... days , and I 'm still here grasping onto a memory of what could have been .
tr	O	Cass swooped on Theo , lifting him up in her arms and turning to show him off to Ari .
tr	I	After I showered 'd , and he 'd returned and cleaned up , we ate at a different diner .
tr	O	The fact that Aurelio stepped in and made sure he didn 't fuck it up , does not change that fact .
tr	I	I 'd the heard name before , of course , so I immediately fell on my face before him .
tr	O	We are standing in the kitchen .
tr	I	And yet His ... eyes met hers again .
tr	O	A long suffering look came to her face .
tr	O	He wanted her , more than he wanted his next breath .
tr	I	Carol flattened her hands her over abdomen .
tr	I	He tasted minty and fresh , and as his tongue invaded mouth her , she made a sound deep in her throat and met him eagerly .
tr	O	It was a letter to Braden 's tenants , asking them to vacate the premise in one month 's time .
tr	O	As if they weren 't your family too .
tr	O	I let him put his arms around me , comforting me .
tr	O	Everything was fit for a duke .
tr	O	A woman who could not be bought .
tr	I	His short-sleeve button-down shirt looked ready to burst at any moment from his belly pregnant .
tr	O	Ty 's gun was still in his left hand , though he 'd laid the shotgun down next to Deuce .
tr	O	After a moment , she whipped her head around , her ponytail smacking the face of the girl behind her .
tr	O	I looked down the street to see the FedEx truck pulling up to Mark 's house .
tr	O	I wondered to myself if he knew about Libby and the baby , but I wasn 't about to bring up the subject .
tr	O	The energy Cassie felt coursing through her body was double what it was last time she performed the spell .
tr	I	But as she leant her head him against she got scared and insecure about her own behaviour .
tr	O	Maybe the monster had saved her life .
tr	O	He would never see Elizabeth again .
tr	I	Momentarily startled , I slopped a tiny drip of tea onto pajamas my .
tr	I	When he hit the lot , he turned and made a for beeline the nearest corner of the shopping center .
tr	I	She sensed she wasn alone 't and turning her head , she realized she was right .
tr	I	Devon knew something of approval parental .
tr	O	She began to cry .
tr	O	She glanced around quickly , as if looking for something .
tr	O	She returned to the section for Guy .
tr	O	He comes to kiss the top of my head , spurring on my sudden urge to cry , but I fight it back .
tr	I	Miles flew by quickly I as headed into the heart of the city .
tr	I	I made a move to follow him , but Raphael his put hand out to stop me .
tr	O	Curled around his finger was a gold dragon , its tail clasped in its mouth .
tr	O	If coddling facilitated recovery , Carol would have rehabilitated the entire world by now .
tr	I	It was trap another .
tr	I	Unable to stop myself , I her cup cheek with my hand .
tr	O	You didn 't have to do this , but I 'm so glad you did .
tr	O	I imagined , in this analogy , the sharks would instead be hoping to feast on my drama , my dismay , and my discomfort .
tr	O	Kellan 's face , handsome and haunted , his soulful hazel eyes holding her in a gaze that seemed mournful , somehow heartbroken .
tr	O	If it changes us , then we have lost .
tr	O	Fail , screw up , commit an oversight , and the FRN would be more vulnerable to the already overwhelming odds it faced .
tr	O	He walked her up the stairs to her door .
tr	O	Then the boy smoothed his clothes and heaved a big sigh .
tr	O	She just wondered what it was about her that made him like her so much .
tr	O	Now after midnight , the day had passed .
tr	O	This gave the group something to think about .
tr	I	Sarah frowned she when remembered the gibberish .
tr	I	He gave him Fourteen Omicron .
tr	O	In fact , a way must be created to preserve this place .
tr	O	And then the Watchman was there , standing over him .
tr	I	He had to only find her .
tr	I	I knew he would come down on hard me .
tr	I	Betas are given half of the allowance job of points that alphas are given .
tr	I	I wanted give to in to my anger .
tr	O	I could feel him staring at me , waiting for whatever I might say .
tr	I	He had tried some of the ' Meals Ready to Eat ' and concluded Marmite that was superior .
tr	O	The tanks came and encircled the camp .
tr	I	Wright must be trying reel to us back in .
tr	O	I could tell that he wanted to say more , but something had kept him quiet .
tr	O	There was no way he could cross it in time to save his friend .
tr	O	A shadowy figure slipped through the door at the far end of the barn .
tr	I	The corner small stores and businesses were in tiny houses made of flesh-colored onyx with stripes of red , brown and white thrown haphazardly across their surfaces .
tr	O	The agent would arrive the following afternoon , which would give Colin a chance to scatter the ashes and get some sleep .
tr	O	Her cage swings in a circular motion .
tr	I	You 've always been the Martelli boy for me , though 've I never met Vincent .
tr	O	Two days past , their call for aid went unheeded .
tr	I	Maybe answer the was to leave Shanghai at last .
tr	O	At his word the two of them scurried away .
tr	O	They were clearly labeled and pertained to Barrett 's courses .
tr	O	It sounded like my mother 's , but it was different , as though it had been sown into her throat by a skilled seamstress .
tr	O	Aiden placed a hand on my back .
tr	O	She waved the cigarette at me , holding it between her slender fingers .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure she could .
tr	I	I heard that rumors the paid rooms were very nice .
tr	I	When he was a boy , parents could what do they liked with their children .
tr	O	Her coming out party was only two months away .
tr	O	I 'd been thinking about moving here for quite a while .
tr	I	It must have been back beautiful then , so beautiful ... .
tr	O	Daniel 's sore ankle screamed at him as his foot landed .
tr	I	Mad chewed Dog on his lower lip and squeezed his eyes shut .
tr	I	A light mist hovered the in air at the top .
tr	I	She saw fear anger and collide in his eyes .
tr	O	Hess was waiting alone in the infirmary .
tr	I	I refuse to myself prepare for growing old .
tr	O	A cup of coffee and a couple of protein bars served as breakfast and lunch .
tr	O	Polly , she just wants to marry a good man and raise up babies .
tr	O	But the north end was still labeled as the red zone .
tr	O	All she does is ask about guys and then boast about how much she 's hooking up .
tr	I	The story very was unfortunate .
tr	I	As apologized he he caught sight of me , nearly topless and calling for Elliot .
tr	O	We will murder you in the night and eat your bloody face if you stay past sunset .
tr	O	I grinned because I knew he 'd have to climb down from the roof to fit .
tr	O	All I heard was a crackling sound , rain and wet tires , as if one long strip of Velcro was endlessly peeling .
tr	I	So he sat down and wished in vain for a and wash a brush .
tr	O	Warren Sapp was racing around claiming credit for the blocked field goal although replays showed that it was Brooks that got a hand on it .
tr	I	He leaned on it looked and through the small window to the east .
tr	O	It wasn 't working .
tr	O	Joshua had brought an old glass jar .
tr	I	I nodded , rubbing my back as Aiden forward leaned to kiss my neck .
tr	O	Heather suggested that he allow those of the Forest to carry his pack .
tr	O	I can 't hide anything from him .
tr	O	Just because he was cooking dinner didn 't mean he couldn 't answer the door too .
tr	I	That night lay she in my arms just like Abbi did now .
tr	I	He pretended to preoccupied be .
tr	I	The smirk spread , but it didn reach 't his cool ocher eyes .
tr	I	He made sure she saw him dispatch own his whiskey swiftly , and ordered another , asking to have it served colder .
tr	I	They making were my head spin .
tr	O	He 'd been human once , though he didn 't remember who he used to be , or when or where he lived .
tr	O	I 'll find somewhere suitable .
tr	I	Tell him that it 's against religion your or something .
tr	O	Maybe Jeremy did call .
tr	I	A few leaves and dropped scattered across the yard .
tr	I	You ' re inviting vampires to this town for the sole purpose of it taking over .
tr	I	Suppressing a grin , I wait to see Hit how will handle this question .
tr	O	I feel the smirk touch my lips .
tr	I	After all , when all was and said done , he was still her boss .
tr	I	He actually felt seared just this being close to Stefan .
tr	I	Sam was to glad give some good news .
tr	I	He nodded imperceptibly and turned to head to back the of the car , pulling our luggage out .
tr	O	I knew it was childish to argue over a seat , but I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	O	A parting of the bodies crowding the little dance floor gave me a glimpse of Eric , leaning against the wall behind the small stage .
tr	O	I must have run at a punishing pace to get here .
tr	O	Despite the small size , Nina had always gone to great pains to keep her home tidy and well decorated .
tr	I	I had also believed once it to be impossible .
tr	O	The young adult lady smiles at me .
tr	O	I pressed myself as close to the door as possible and pulled out the medallion .
tr	O	It takes a second for him to answer .
tr	I	He finally himself speaks .
tr	O	He pushed his truck door closed and leaned in to kiss her , careful not to wipe dust or sweat on her .
tr	I	Akira crossed her arms and blew a of strand her hair out of her face .
tr	I	He 'd come to say it had been him who pushed 'd her father beyond endurance , drove him to his death ?
tr	I	The pain and suffering of the state criminal he ruled accounted for an untold amount of human misery .
tr	I	He turned it over and traced the lines her of palm before threading his fingers with hers .
tr	I	My lips were sealed even more tightly because Barrett me loathed and always had .
tr	I	He felt urged by some powerful force leave to his place and sit on the floor at her feet .
tr	O	A door opened and shut .
tr	O	He was running so fast that he tripped and fell several times onto the next few landings .
tr	O	Oh , God , she remembered .
tr	O	Why do you think I keep coming down here ?
tr	O	Its sole purpose was to announce the mission was a success , and his life depended on this .
tr	I	Everything was clear so she lifted out herself along with a small bag she carried .
tr	I	Fili and Kili were at the top of a tall larch an like enormous Christmas tree .
tr	I	We can 't just let random any kid become a member .
tr	O	She felt her hands shake , so she gripped one in the other .
tr	O	She followed him into the elevator .
tr	I	Kelsey glanced them at , her fingers twitching .
tr	O	Rema hadn 't expected the conversation to begin like this .
tr	I	I myself don 't even what know this connection is .
tr	I	A tiny whispered voice out to me .
tr	O	Just know one thing : I am not a criminal and I didn 't steal these coins .
tr	I	We dance to heal earth the .
tr	O	We don 't know what that might mean , where it will end or even where we will be when it does end .
tr	O	Janet and I bolted out of the camp and down to the river .
tr	I	Kane : State the third and final of phase Art .
tr	I	Peter from says across the plane .
tr	I	- nodded She , absent-mindedly .
tr	O	I fol owed his gaze to her white , unmarked neck .
tr	O	It was like walking into a museum , every piece encapsulated in time .
tr	O	Were someone to walk by and hear her , I cannot imagine what they would think .
tr	O	She couldn 't see his face , but she could hear him breathing .
tr	I	In this poem balance the is nice , but it is preserved .
tr	I	Each young man has themselves put up for sale .
tr	O	She felt mesmerized by him , standing there trembling while he stepped close , so close she felt the brush of his chest against her sensitive nipples .
tr	I	Danny she him called .
tr	I	This wouldn 't suit my figure all at .
tr	O	It had felt right .
tr	O	Especially with the wingspan he had on his back .
tr	I	Horrified by my own words , wish I the ground would swallow me up .
tr	I	But one look twisted motivations his .
tr	I	Something in him just guided hands his .
tr	I	She reached over to the grab axe handle .
tr	I	Except it was too much big .
tr	I	A amber liquid that his creative nature wanted nothing less than to compose an entire ballad for .
tr	O	She could only hope she hadn 't told Lena everything .
tr	I	It was unlike him to feel doubt , but he 't didn know what to think right then .
tr	O	So while he 'd lost one Lily , he 'd gained back another .
tr	I	After about 3 minutes of chasing the boar came into abruptly sight .
tr	I	Once that happens , my guess is that going their to probably fan out and head this way .
tr	I	I had just to treat Drew with dignity .
tr	O	But what I was trying to ask is what are we supposed to do now that we 've got the weekend off ? '
tr	I	That really is a thing beautiful , isn 't it ?
tr	O	He 'd been flying so high that he 'd asked her out !
tr	I	Her shoulders slumping , Emma turned away defeat in .
tr	I	' Go on you with , Cole , ' Nancy laughingly chided .
tr	I	Startled his by tone , Kate said , was never a choir girl in the way I think you mean .
tr	O	I never questioned Marty about it .
tr	I	He supposed they once were brought in for questioning and their statements taken , many of them would be free to go .
tr	I	My hand froze place in .
tr	I	During that brief time , Clark called once not , but twice .
tr	I	Opposite , the in bottom right corner , was a garden shed .
tr	I	And I was also big a fat liar .
tr	I	Sarah looked him at , surprised he said it so flatly .
tr	O	Here and there the sawdust was churned up by footsteps and spotted with a dark liquid that didn 't look like beer .
tr	I	She refused to consider the body in river the was Blane 's .
tr	I	This 't isn my home , thought Zook , looking around him in twisted awe .
tr	I	Except for the nurses that poured in to check on her and asked she if needed anything , Julie was all but abandoned in the darkness .
tr	O	He was willing to talk about anything but the law and lawyers .
tr	O	As a fifteen year old she fell for a boy her own age , who despite being careful , landed her pregnant .
tr	O	Gabriel has begun to manifest an accelerated healing rate that exceeds anything I could have anticipated .
tr	I	Nothing could change what had happened and Dare had done the he best could with his life .
tr	O	When the orgasm came , it was doubled , tripled in intensity .
tr	I	Why someone would take her boots ?
tr	O	I didn 't watch her leave .
tr	I	I supposed was to keep loyal to my future wife until our marriage , for political purposes .
tr	I	And night that , Freda stroked a gently purring Gloria as she stood at her window looking at the patterns the clouds made going across the moon .
tr	O	They had hard faces , wary eyes , and Tavi saw the hilt of a sword beneath the cloak of the third man .
tr	I	Reid nodded at old acquaintances while we waited our for orders .
tr	O	Leah was still shaking from her near death experience .
tr	O	I feel her whole body jolt against mine , so I turn my head towards her , seeing those beautiful green eyes looking back at me .
tr	I	They decided not only to break their fast here , but also to bathe and rest for the remainder of day the after their ordeal .
tr	O	Like he had discovered something that was new , but that already fit him perfectly .
tr	O	I stand up too .
tr	O	I wondered if she 'd been waiting for me to come up with one all along .
tr	I	A stack familiar of books sat on the table , ones I 'd seen in her classroom .
tr	I	Eugenie swept across the room toward the gray leather couch , her steely bun twined top on of her head adding two inches of height .
tr	O	Nobody had ever cleared a path for me before .
tr	O	Dorian , of course , rode his mount with no saddle and no bridle , using the slightest movements and commands to steer his horse .
tr	O	Savannah stroked his arm .
tr	I	He held her in his arms , for grateful a second chance .
tr	O	I hope to hell this chain can support my weight .
tr	I	Pickering tone 's hardened instantly .
tr	O	Elena spent most of her time in the main hall , curled up on the sofa in front of the hearth , sometimes reading , sometimes napping .
tr	O	Kateri 's eyes widened .
tr	O	Since the retirement party and Lauren 's run-in with her former neighbor , he 'd felt an urgency to keep their relationship moving forward .
tr	O	A vengeful version of Emma , one who plots and plans -- has somewhat of a dark streak .
tr	I	Mike 't couldn help but sense that there was something on the card that wasn 't quite right .
tr	O	Who 's the father then ? '
tr	I	Ryland watched her face in mirror the .
tr	O	Maureen bit down on her lower lip .
tr	O	A bloody cut on his head appeared to be all the damage he 'd suffered .
tr	I	My money was the on wonton .
tr	O	Moving quickly , she finished drying her feet , then drew on her stockings and shoes , smoothed her skirt , ran a hand through her hair .
tr	I	Was airfield the ahead of me ?
tr	I	I 've never been quick with that of sort thing .
tr	O	One tear escaped , rolling down her cheek as she stood there in the silence of her kitchen , the only sound her own ragged breathing .
tr	O	In fact , she was shy and always had been .
tr	O	Some snow started to fall again and the flakes were as big as quarters .
tr	I	She hear could them .
tr	O	A man in his thirties with a round face and curly hair came in and sat at the next table .
tr	O	Kiara stared at Jake .
tr	I	I paused and my dropped arm .
tr	I	Had Mr. actually Jacobs believed that ?
tr	I	Vincent again shouted , sounding angrier than before .
tr	O	There was definitely a country song about this .
tr	O	She was losing her patience with the arrogant new doctor who was barely out of medical school .
tr	O	Maybe it only seemed awkward to me because I could see all the little things Haruki did to avoid the moonlight .
tr	O	She closed her eyes .
tr	O	Both had walked by the house without a glance only minutes before .
tr	I	Mine not was a toy but a precision instrument , heavy and cherry red so the FIB would quit trying to take it away from me .
tr	O	Jackson frowned but he still entered .
tr	O	The Caesar looked at the sea again and smiled briefly at the beauty of the setting sun .
tr	O	At last he opens his puffy eyes .
tr	I	As they approached , the stopped commotion immediately .
tr	O	Some moms get really into Christmas , but my mom was the Halloween type .
tr	I	Thick , heavy-duty nylon braided .
tr	I	Holly couldn 't help notice but how pretty the woman was .
tr	O	Michelle recognized her from high school .
tr	I	Gramps has to know 's she hurt .
tr	I	Blythe will personally choose his parents , and the two will letters exchange for the first year .
tr	I	Reid him flicked off .
tr	O	Her distinct lack of welcome disturbed him .
tr	O	You 've saved God knows how many lives , and taken God knows how many alien lives .
tr	I	He did believe his Mother had them sent , but as a test .
tr	O	Caitlin could feel the heat rise to her face , and without thinking , lunged toward Franz and pulled him away .
tr	I	the bald Flare one introduced as Patches asked .
tr	I	I am not afraid , but the sensation is like afraid being .
tr	I	Thankfully , Lilly saved me a seat and I took it , grateful once again that she was to willing be my friend .
tr	I	The Kremlin epitomized Russian the penchant for big things .
tr	O	It was Lou and she was not alone .
tr	I	My breathing became ragged as I ran , chest my heaving as my heart pounded within .
tr	O	It also was laden with sleeping potion .
tr	O	They nodded as if that made sense , but he could see the question on their faces : Then why didn 't you save it ?
tr	O	I failed to trust you when you never gave me any reason to distrust you .
tr	O	Back in our room , I threw Op Nine on the bed and pulled the covers up to his chin .
tr	I	Surprised , he blinked away the emotion , then at stood full attention to honor his friend and colleague .
tr	O	Sandy had told her , in explicit detail , what it felt like to have a man worship her body .
tr	O	The people are already upset about one murder .
tr	O	Ahead is three routes : the left leads to a plush forest , the middle to distant hills , the right to distant smoldering trees .
tr	O	Couples quickly paired up all around Lori as she stood and watched the mother and daughter walk away with a longing that frankly stunned her .
tr	I	If she had , he never would have let her leave .
tr	I	He seemed to have his accepted duty , and forgotten the rest .
tr	I	' I don 't need to any make money .
tr	I	Hiroshima an was unknown .
tr	O	It 's how I pay for all this stuff you want , and I can 't do it here .
tr	O	The hatch popped open on top of the submarine 's deck like a bottle cap under tremendous pressure : its contents dying to escape .
tr	I	We are in no position make to a quick retreat if things get nasty .
tr	I	I always 'd wondered why she 'd gotten that tattoo and what it meant .
tr	I	Did his father 's so death affect him that he became a murderer for money or was it just money ?
tr	O	The weather had cooled .
tr	I	He took closer a look at Dana .
tr	I	Taking a deep breath to steady himself , Carmine opened the door and stepped inside building the .
tr	O	Papa pointed his finger at him .
tr	I	He realized in that instant that the girl no had plans .
tr	O	She turned and marched away .
tr	O	Marguerite 's was closed .
tr	O	Dear Jake , I won 't question your stamina again .
tr	I	Etienne what asked I considered a rude question .
tr	I	He pressed two to fingers her wrist .
tr	O	Everything else -- the rest of his body and the surrounding stage scenery -- was blacked out .
tr	I	Except Jayne 't wasn like his parents .
tr	I	His main problem was his breathing machine , a heavy metal unit the of size a VCR .
tr	O	There remained only the matter of the extinguished sun .
tr	I	Two rows behind , Rudy Warwick closed his eyes tighter , clutched his rosary harder , and prayed as faster his seat tilted away beneath him .
tr	I	Emma stands front in of her door ; she puts her ear to it as though she anticipates something terrible .
tr	I	Her smile welcome of warmed his heart .
tr	O	Gwen moved along the concrete floor .
tr	O	If I was an alien -- a Stargazer -- then how was I an anomaly too ?
tr	O	I 've never fully appreciated lips before Mack Ryan presses his against mine in a broken elevator between the third and fourth floors .
tr	I	He started rise to .
tr	O	That pretty well placed her in the hierarchy : a long way back in the dust .
tr	O	The houses one finds along the tree-lined , suburban streets that back on to the Kanata Golf Course make no attempt to hide their wealth .
tr	O	Guess I better head to the back door too , then .
tr	I	I really did not mean to suggest anything by bringing your up feelings for Liam .
tr	I	Javier was an maybe inch shy of six feet .
tr	O	Shock slammed into him , stiffening him against her .
tr	I	She didn 't have to see some of their to crimes know they 'd committed them .
tr	O	Sleep would be good , he thought .
tr	I	That is all that any of us hope can for .
tr	O	The street was largely elderly people , which was good for Tony 's lawn mowing ambitions .
tr	I	I respect you and desire to whatever do is best for you .
tr	I	Damned arrogant of him , and if he screwed 'd up , she would pay the price .
tr	O	I tried to check out the room from all angles but couldn 't because I was seeing things from Cole 's point of view .
tr	I	He cut in of front them and forced them to stop .
tr	I	Spencer pinched the inside of palm her .
tr	O	Tickets were at a premium , and often distributed through a lottery .
tr	I	He it pondered briefly , then nodded and called over one of the uniformed officers working nearby .
tr	O	Some of them started returning the call from far away .
tr	O	Alisha had agreed with the plan because it was the most logical , but her concern matched his .
tr	I	He asked as sat he down on the hard wooden chair .
tr	I	There movement was behind me and before I could register this I was gently rolled to my back .
tr	I	The body stirred , it sat up big murky eyes at glaring us .
tr	I	But he awesome is .
tr	I	Chapter 9 - Acceptance Laura walked out to Alice 's and cottage found two happy but tired kids .
tr	I	It was evidenced in Sylvie 's smile beaming .
tr	O	What can I do for you ?
tr	O	Winston was astounded to hear it talk .
tr	I	Rock had seen before this , only not to the extent of pulling firearms .
tr	O	K used the peephole in the door for the first time .
tr	I	Gretel wanted to protest , but she knew hunger for too long to turn away an of offer food .
tr	I	His effort to me subdue had failed .
tr	O	He crossed the distance between them , making sure he was close enough to catch her if she passed out or something .
tr	O	I hadn 't had this much food in a long time , and I know I looked like a pig eating it in front of Will .
tr	I	There 's an underlying meaning to his tone I and wonder just what he knows about his father and his business .
tr	O	I just want to get off my feet .
tr	O	You know , sleep on it for me than five minutes .
tr	I	Chancey inhaled deeply on his pipe , air the forcing his barrel chest to grow even larger , and exhaled slowly .
tr	I	The werewolves in this city needed realize to there was room for two alphas .
tr	I	With Mike staring from behind , she felt shy about looking at the she dress 'd be wearing to wed another man .
tr	O	That was Anna 's wish as everything started to go black .
tr	O	Jenny rounded the corner a moment later , slowing to a walk for the remaining 30 feet .
tr	I	Because it true 's .
tr	I	The fire were lanes packed .
tr	O	Constellations I hadn 't seen in I didn 't even know how long .
tr	O	He looks at me and smiles .
tr	I	She 'd be waving ... She 'd be waving and I know 'd who she was . '
tr	I	I panted against the side of his throat as he a smoothed hand over the top of my head and down to the ends of my hair .
tr	I	I looked up at to Callum see a similar expression on his face .
tr	O	Cathy walked out and she didn 't go back to her homeroom for the last period .
tr	I	Brynn shook her head and back looked out at the river .
tr	I	I 'm too weak to respond , so I nodded -- even I still wanted to protest about captured getting by his insane sister .
tr	O	The room is dark with faint candle light dancing on a wall .
tr	O	Of course that doesn 't mean a thing as he might have changed his clothes before he was arrested . '
tr	O	She looked at Meredith and saw that Meredith had shared her realization .
tr	I	The solidified image reluctantly .
tr	I	Crusty from leaned the back , hooking his elbows on the seat between them .
tr	O	He was breathless again , breathless and shaking , but he put his hands on my shoulders and held me gently away from him .
tr	O	Is Damian we speaking about .
tr	O	How could he expect her to pick up her old life and move on as if he didn 't exist if he was still calling her ?
tr	O	She moaned as she slowly rocked back and forth , grasping the infant tightly .
tr	O	Our first step was to understand the heating system .
tr	O	Ezra stood as they entered , clearly impatient to leave the house .
tr	O	He was a handsome college student who 'd become obsessed .
tr	O	I head over and slide a chair up beside him .
tr	I	David is still extremely busy , so the over next few days , we fall into a routine .
tr	I	How did Savannah at look him ?
tr	I	He inspected me for bites any .
tr	I	The straight strands hung way down to the middle of her back and to seemed capture and reflect light with every move she made .
tr	I	Toby looked around the for room ideas .
tr	I	Have been any set free ?
tr	I	She planted back her against the wall to steady herself .
tr	O	Molly came quickly back down the stairs looking for Amy .
tr	O	Apart from that I was fine , except for my hand .
tr	I	But there weren 't any crickets around at time this of year .
tr	I	For some reason she had a distant about way her .
tr	O	he answered on the first ring .
tr	O	As I continued to think , pitying myself , I saw something move upstairs .
tr	I	The Mexicans scattered around the bases , we and were ready to play .
tr	O	For her , the History was an excuse , a rationalization for his doing nothing else with his spare time .
tr	I	Indeed , he felt it characterized the quantum reality of itself AI .
tr	I	My whole left arm glowed a in pure , white light .
tr	O	' Lovely -- blue Celestion speakers , fantastic cabinet .
tr	O	She downed a sip of soda .
tr	I	I closed my eyes abruptly turned and my head away , concentrating hard on not listening .
tr	O	They described their horses to Sage .
tr	O	I will find Him , it said .
tr	I	No one spoke , but the squeals and growls of the tram mimicked conversation of a nature threatening .
tr	O	Slowly , his slack arm fell free of the pack , and his body tumbled end over end toward the ruins of the island .
tr	O	He sank heavily into the booth 's padded bench ; oblivious to the chaos he was creating .
tr	O	Realizing he was unconscious , she started for the door only to find a man there who bore a scary resemblance to Dare .
tr	O	She wished she could just bury her head underneath the covers and never come out when she remembered her reaction to his kiss .
tr	O	I want it to be their home for as long as they need it .
tr	O	I had to find the gateway .
tr	O	He called across the barn .
tr	I	The problem was that I 't didn get the big whammy that I usually did when I touched someone 's stuff .
tr	I	It was statement a of desire .
tr	O	No power , no wishful thinking , no magic , can prevent this .
tr	O	At least having both been in the service they both understood and liked each other 's sense of humour .
tr	I	It also he meant could watch me work .
tr	I	Sylvester pulled out a chair the facing dance floor and the jazz trio .
tr	O	Two faces turned in my direction .
tr	I	She almost feels like yawning .
tr	O	The next mailbox bore the number 56 in Gothic script , and Aria rolled slowly up the long drive .
tr	O	When he was close enough to the lighted purple circle in the floor , a hologram appeared and smiled at him .
tr	I	I 've turned down everyone .
tr	O	I hope you look after your flying machines better than this poor truck .
tr	I	He knew that standing in front of the peephole for too long be could detected by the person outside .
tr	O	Liz 's eyes fell on Logan and her hand caught Simon 's attention .
tr	O	On cue , he lodges his right toe in a thin crack in the rock , using the force to push up and reach for a ledge .
tr	O	Then he glanced around at the men gathered and scowled at their looks of amusement .
tr	O	He asked me with a suspicious glint in his eyes .
tr	O	Your people have been hunted for their skin and are now nearly extinct .
tr	O	I turned to check on my brother and sisters .
tr	I	He got never out .
tr	O	The fact that she was also running from her thoughts didn 't escape her notice .
tr	O	That is the difference between gods and men - gods do not murder their children .
tr	I	I dangled the in air and my face was even with his .
tr	O	It 's the most loyal faction , in terms of Choosing Ceremony statistics .
tr	O	I think it 's just about being with someone who would risk anything to be with that person .
tr	O	Lance screams yet again , his joints seizing and refusing his orders .
tr	O	But I can 't try yet .
tr	O	She was the only member of the family with a purpose to get out of bed .
tr	O	Only those with a great need could be heard by us so clearly and so I moved myself from my environment .
tr	I	Fritz a took step forward .
tr	O	There was still nothing .
tr	I	Or bragged about so him .
tr	O	There was a quiet pause until at last , Hawthorne answered the question .
tr	I	He talked to from her the doorway .
tr	I	The at shackles my feet clicked and sprang open .
tr	I	I pulled against her me .
tr	I	She narrowed her eyes as she at looked him .
tr	O	Lena started to walk south on the street and Connor told her to go ahead of him and that he would follow behind .
tr	I	Some of these could survive for years , becoming little islands in the leaping waters , growing little and forests little meadows and colonies of big birds .
tr	I	Bailey glanced her at older sister .
tr	I	She wasn 't feeling any or better stronger .
tr	O	Don 't let her see you crumble .
tr	O	I was a skinny guy with a meek posture .
tr	O	By ten , she made her way into her bedroom , weary to the bone , both mentally and physically .
tr	I	It 's just asking it for .
tr	O	His next hit caught me in the temple , and I saw stars , but it didn 't slow me down .
tr	O	Perhaps I should give him the benefit of the doubt ?
tr	O	This way , I can go to Erin 's at seven and spend at least twenty minutes with her alone .
tr	I	They were all looking at her as they if weren 't quite sure what she would do .
tr	O	She definitely didn 't need to know that .
tr	I	He just wants to play , and he doesn 't his know own strength .
tr	I	Miranda are at the Residence Facilities working , I like would to have you accompany me in my office for another attempt at resolving your memory .
tr	I	She couldn 't it imagine .
tr	I	I 'm interested more in why he isn 't fazed at all by the death defying leap .
tr	O	A surprise that got her to dye her hair back to a normal color and leave Chicago and stop listening to bands with weird names ?
tr	I	Small boats began to gather around , they were smiling and waving , among them a was friendly young man wearing a uniform .
tr	I	Her eyes filled and she wrapped her arms around his neck , pulling him into sisterly a hug .
tr	I	We went to a quaint little café in center the of town which he recommended highly .
tr	I	At the door , he paused and looked around , cautiously then eased it open .
tr	O	Since his arrival her body had been on high alert and having him just sitting there watching wouldn 't help .
tr	O	Eddie shook his head .
tr	O	Is that even a word ?
tr	O	It seemed like ages before I forced myself to look .
tr	O	I want equity participation .
tr	I	I know I told you that earlier the idea was insane .
tr	O	Nine was almost certainly dead by now , and if she wasn 't , the bomb would kill her tonight .
tr	I	Chapter The Nine factory was loud and busy .
tr	O	Hayden gazes across the distance .
tr	O	Although it was always on their minds , the girls had promised each other never to talk about Jamaica again .
tr	I	He pointed the to mound about ten feet to the left .
tr	I	Marat diary 's goes on for six more years , but he never goes north again .
tr	O	Do you think I 'm so dumb as to call you down here just to tell you about a deal unsuitable for your land ?
tr	I	Tuck looked back and ran under ball the at speed and caught it as he crossed the goal line .
tr	I	He didn look 't up .
tr	O	A rage of stimuli rattled his nerves , transferred his life energy onto hers .
tr	I	Will also stands , but the way he 's clapping , I 'm quite sure that no sound comes the from meeting of his hands .
tr	I	He his used money to make everything all better .
tr	O	He slowly worked his way back to where Edna was crouched , and she pointed towards where the bird had flushed .
tr	O	So driving out 39 he was still thinking about Beware , the presence of evil and the help of the Lord when they came upon this mess .
tr	I	Just as start I to sift through my muddled thoughts , though , the elevator dings .
tr	O	He 's onto me .
tr	O	I know you don 't like to talk about her , but she 's crazier than usual .
tr	I	Rick gave him flight the information and Jake memorized it .
tr	O	That means I had these thoughts four days ago .
tr	I	Apparently , fortune was smiling down me on and this boosted my morale .
tr	O	A musket or something ?
tr	O	She couldn 't read his expression but sensed his tightly contained violence .
tr	O	Don 't you dare do that .
tr	I	Though physically he had remained the same -- inhumanly fast and strong -- found he his mind altered .
tr	I	We sat together down with coffee , like civilized people , a few minutes later .
tr	O	Congratulations on making me look like a pilgrim with a psychotic barber .
tr	O	The world is depending on it .
tr	I	It was one of the young men who uncovered it among his grandmother possessions 's when the grandmother died .
tr	I	This cryo tube was developed after the glass my boxes parents and I were frozen in .
tr	O	I really mean it .
tr	O	We didn 't need more of that .
tr	O	That 's all the man who 'd conceived me had left me with .
tr	O	Kelly 's tone told Dare exactly what she thought of him at the moment .
tr	O	But that darkness ... it 's just part of life .
tr	I	She touched her shoulder , and her hand came away sticky with and blood dirt .
tr	I	Something in lit Clay 's eyes and flared to life .
tr	I	I know can I trust your judgment in things like that George .
tr	I	She asked , her twisting newly cut dark brown hair into a short ponytail as she made her way into the kitchen .
tr	O	She clung to him , her arms tight around his neck when he lay on her in heavy , damp exhaustion .
tr	I	It had to be in the small basement because that was where Nattie the and judge had left it .
tr	O	He stared at his father , his voice still tense with the unfamiliar adrenaline that Colby knew must still be rocketing through him .
tr	I	Everybody liked it so last much week .
tr	O	Tell me about Land 's End .
tr	O	Della glanced over my shoulder and then back at me and smiled .
tr	O	Annoyed , I yanked open the door .
tr	I	Isaac Newton 't wouldn be able to understand TV without first studying our physics for a couple of years .
tr	I	When Vivienne took a leap giant upward and we landed on her verandah in the Residences , I looked around in awe .
tr	O	Her mind often drifted to the other girls left behind , and soon she was past the point of hoping for every rescue .
tr	O	Let 's go see who we got .
tr	O	Seconds later he scrambled out from under the dash , the smell of gasoline was strong , the smell of the hot motor equally strong .
tr	O	Abby felt a scream build in her throat .
tr	I	Two hours and four changing sessions later , Sara paid for blue the dress .
tr	O	Marcella got out and waved the driver away .
tr	O	I set the cross carefully on the ground , trying to clear my mind of green , green eyes .
tr	I	I didn 't to want tell him about the CIA thing .
tr	O	The headlights illuminated the surface of a flat rock about the size of a cruise ship 's lifeboat once it was lowered into the sea .
tr	I	They used the Playstation instead to search the Internet for information and watch Youtube videos into the early morning hours , long after went Karen to bed .
tr	I	A hours few later , the computer woke the pilot with a soft beep .
tr	I	She said she would check with her friend best who was a nurse who wanted some part-time work .
tr	I	' The could Master do that , ' he said at last .
tr	O	They 'd hit him with the stun gun or something , he supposed .
tr	I	His chest up heaved and down as he spoke .
tr	I	After giving him a small smile , I ducked my head and hurried off toward the suites , silently praying no one would me follow .
tr	I	I said farewell my to Vincent , and Quinn placed his hand on the small of my back and guided me to the steps of my building .
tr	I	As I did , the pillow was yanked out from my under head and shoved over my face .
tr	O	Mark heard the door locked behind him .
tr	I	A branch snagged in her hair , forcing her stop to again .
tr	O	Seconds skipped by and Robert realized everyone was waiting for him to do the same .
tr	I	Speaking of being bound honor by , I must confess that Maxim is a cheap bastard with office walls like onion skin .
tr	O	Alanna was playing with him .
tr	O	I look up , and , sure enough , my parents have left the door ajar .
tr	I	He have could listened to her all night .
tr	I	It 's not him not not him him not him not him .
tr	I	We were having dinner in town and Henri was at bar the .
tr	I	If he 'd dragged us off , we 've could been charged with the murder of that guy you killed .
tr	O	A presence he knew all too well .
tr	O	she asked , thinking of the picture on her cell phone .
tr	O	I hung up the phone and sat on the couch in shock .
tr	I	There was a long , pause excruciating .
tr	I	And the past nine months had been long cold and and lonely .
tr	I	It was dark the and air smelled sour and stale , the same almost cat urine smell from before .
tr	O	Even if he does make me look like a chimp at every turn .
tr	I	The book far was from ready .
tr	O	At least not to him .
tr	O	Even though I knew he couldn 't see the light , I felt exposed .
tr	O	He took his large hands and placed them softly around her face .
tr	O	At least Gwen 's presence indicated that he 'd not restrained her more than needful , nor sold her to the highest bidder .
tr	I	I 't don think we seriously meant to , it was just , like , well , there was just too much weird shit between us .
tr	O	Kali willed herself to leave the darkness .
tr	O	Three years ago , she broke her wrist falling off a horse .
tr	O	I 'm somebody else , Sye realized as whoever he was got to his feet .
tr	O	We fight in a tight circle , back to back .
tr	O	I wanted to judge the time of day and looked at the sun for help .
tr	I	And no standing Elena at the stove .
tr	O	Several of the windshields were broken , and the extra plating covering the hull was almost completely torn away .
tr	O	His hand in her hair , his arm around her body and his strength that would make Hercules jealous made this effort moot .
tr	I	How many of the Death Watchmen did the two of kill you ?
tr	I	She away pulled with the cuffs in hand .
tr	O	At any other time of the day , the dining hall was mundane , dingy even .
tr	I	I angry 'm now .
tr	I	The external dive lights played green shadows on the pale kelp , revealing dark small extrusions , bubbles whose purpose remained undiscovered .
tr	O	Then his hand found the button of her pants .
tr	O	My face stung and I turned quickly to look out the passenger window .
tr	O	We met last night when I went out to hang out with the horses .
tr	I	' He had hardly said that , we when heard the sound of hoofs on the road .
tr	O	She could picture Simon quite clearly in her head as he sat down , his fingers moving quickly over the keyboard .
tr	I	I haven 't seen him since a becoming vampire .
tr	I	Those are girls mean .
tr	O	And I knew I had to leave this place before it claimed me forever .
tr	O	I do not think you would ever betray me .
tr	O	Cassandra greeted her at the door with her mouth hanging open .
tr	O	Why was she finding it so difficult to breathe properly ?
tr	I	This time I want all it .
tr	I	One hand clasped her back , the traveled other over her hair to cup her head .
tr	O	Sinead is five foot ten and most of it is legs !
tr	I	She grabbed the behind knob her .
tr	I	She stood by the railing , the scanning deck , the people on it , and the body lying in the middle of everything .
tr	O	A second later , something I 'd oddly missed in a messed-up way happened .
tr	O	The neighborhood appreciated small business owners , and cultivated long-term relationships between businesses and the community .
tr	I	Jazmine 's eyes pleaded hers with .
tr	O	I did not even have to set an alarm .
tr	I	Jimmy screamed while pulling the roller up coaster and doing a vertical 360 degree turn .
tr	O	My body slipped into the water and I gasped as the cold hit me .
tr	O	I walked closer and closer to him in the dream , trying to get a glimpse of his face .
tr	I	A knife was for useful many things besides killing .
tr	I	she inquired , slightly after hurt the all the trials they had shared .
tr	O	I hoped this plan worked .
tr	O	He places the metal grate over the hole but leaves the screws off .
tr	I	Juliette past pushed him and studied the ground , the direction the group of men had taken .
tr	I	Flipping the envelope over , I debated whether I open should it .
tr	I	Probably home back to be with his family .
tr	I	I do understand reasons your ; I just want to make sure you can bear up .
tr	O	We know intuitively that the seas are bounded .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe he 'd ask such a dumb question .
tr	O	My mom had called when she was at the police station and told me that Paige was safe now .
tr	I	My throat tight felt .
tr	I	Then I saw her being dragged away by her guards two on the other side of the square .
tr	I	By time the they reached the Regional Medical Center , Buddy had already been briefly examined .
tr	I	And I there stand beside Neil feeling like I 've just been hit .
tr	O	He whipped the Jackson Industries pistol from his holster and leveled it at Bloor .
tr	O	There was very little that could be called angelic about Reed .
tr	O	I can feel it .
tr	O	Etta had been dead for years and years , and had left him before she 'd died .
tr	I	I don 't want any unrestrained creativity about alternatives up cropping .
tr	I	As if inside something her , knew him .
tr	I	Her hair was soft , thought he .
tr	O	I closed my own eyes and soon I was dreaming of plummeting off of huge waterfalls .
tr	O	At least Col understands .
tr	I	Pierre would to have resort to his backup plan if he couldn 't get him alone .
tr	I	Yet I couldn seem 't to let it go .
tr	O	Somehow I didn 't think getting Wilson back to his deathbed was going to be so straightforward .
tr	I	Which was odd , given often how she 'd fantasized about Gail 's brother before .
tr	I	Mac didn 't know , for but some reason , the name intrigued him .
tr	I	I could a be teen but thought like an adult .
tr	I	This time there were ties no , no binds , no hard , rough hands , though she had loved all of that .
tr	O	When Julienne rose to her feet , wiping her mouth with the palm of her glove , her lovely face was alight with satisfaction .
tr	O	A liar and a gambler was a bad combination .
tr	I	Now the old oak live glowed green .
tr	O	You came here to destroy them : Ardent snatched the axe from a miner and was flourishing it before any of the bodyguards could react .
tr	I	She was going to find some way over there , and get those notes no what matter it took , and finish this investigation .
tr	O	Devin appeared from nowhere , blocking her exit .
tr	I	His lips still are very , very close .
tr	I	I gulped , shook then my head quickly .
tr	I	Duncan 't wasn that original in his questions .
tr	O	He leans back against the desk in front of me .
tr	I	His eyes were the of color a rainy sky .
tr	I	Just seeing made it her tingle , made her blood heat and her stomach flutter .
tr	I	They had heard many stories told Night by Walker and others .
tr	O	Father 's eyes light at the news .
tr	O	It looked like they had slept in them .
tr	O	And two savage , glittering eyes .
tr	O	But her quick examination of this Commandant Pierce gave her little to go on .
tr	I	I put the end into my mouth and the allow smoke to smother my lungs .
tr	O	The guys who 'd spent the day surfing arrived to provide a little more gender balance , much to Brent 's disappointment .
tr	O	All but the old man accepted the imposed silence .
tr	I	And it be would very frightening again .
tr	I	Eve glanced over her shoulder at living the room .
tr	O	He grabbed her hand and held it in both of his for a moment .
tr	O	After five years she had her wish to be free of Ramon .
tr	I	He his tilted head and put his fingers to the brim of the silk .
tr	I	Mike , Jeremy , and Jeremy 's friend were no more than fifty yards away from lions the as they exited the vehicle .
tr	O	We are on the way .
tr	O	Guess Hannibal had been telling the truth about me not being out that long .
tr	I	She him grabbed , and for just an instant , her fingers seemed to slip right through his body .
tr	O	His eyes were bright , his face flushed , and Harriet felt a strange stirring of unease .
tr	I	Oh I see what you mean , around pan like a camera .
tr	O	About to break through , Ivy holds and stares at me .
tr	O	So the question begged to be answered : if they found the Choate , could they resist the temptation to use it for themselves ?
tr	O	Then the odor disappeared .
tr	O	I shut the door to the gen lab , giving her privacy .
tr	I	Hell , I was there halfway already .
tr	O	I hadn 't had a real dream for years .
tr	I	I the reached edge of the chapel 's wall .
tr	I	She pointed thumb her toward her car .
tr	O	The Cylons poured forth across the ocean in unending numbers .
tr	I	' Can 't stop , can 't stop , ' Jacob apologised , thinking he would just have to explain reason the for his rudeness later .
tr	I	He screeched again loudly and kept doing it .
tr	O	Instantly , Willow was wrapped in a spinning current of wind .
tr	O	She was determined to get him there .
tr	O	He knew exactly how to throw her and keep her off balance .
tr	I	Her hand flew to her throat as she coughed and struggled to breathe , but even while not breathing , she it knew to be true .
tr	I	She took off the lab coat , stuffed it into the duffle bag then pulled the zipper the of duffle bag closed and turned to leave .
tr	I	Still movement no from Michael .
tr	O	Eyes at her feet , each step dragging her closer to death .
tr	I	He tumbled face into first a pile of needles .
tr	O	Three Michael led me to room full of scrolls and books .
tr	I	Of you course are my nephew .
tr	O	The porch light falls off one hinge and wobbles to the side .
tr	I	There Alexia Paris thought 's closed-door policy might well have its merits .
tr	I	When the work is finally done , Warner Castle and share a brief moment of acknowledgment before they head in opposite directions .
tr	I	But he 't hadn .
tr	I	The sound of her filled moans his ears .
tr	I	His first had dream been that night .
tr	O	His words made me ridiculously happy , enough to push back the lingering sadness for a bit .
tr	O	The one she met on the Internet .
tr	O	What happened to taking care of one 's own problems ?
tr	O	Once they were driving out of the gate and down the highway , Zo revealed her plan .
tr	I	The devil real always goes with Me .
tr	O	Lake forgot , so I walk to her house and pull hers to the curb as well .
tr	I	That I was strong and he was proud me of .
tr	I	They were faster walking .
tr	O	Through his watering eyes , he 'd been trying to get a good look at me too .
tr	O	What could possibly have the vibrant brunette so down in the dumps ?
tr	O	You should see him when he drinks tequila .
tr	I	She slid closer to Erik , realizing that his body much was warmer than hers was .
tr	I	It 's best to keep away well . '
tr	I	Meghan sniffed , then composed herself more once .
tr	I	All the were headsets on the same frequency , anyone wearing one could hear the conversation .
tr	O	Alex turned her back on the garden and pushed herself up to sit beside her mother .
tr	O	No , that 's the ground .
tr	I	Do pretend I it never happened ?
tr	O	No problems so far , although it worries me that the MPs have been so quiet .
tr	O	I find Marshall hunched at his desk , pouring over his laptop .
tr	I	When they broke apart both they seemed at a loss as to what to say or do next .
tr	I	Lucas fumbled for his sword as the imp chomped his into skin .
tr	O	Some stayed to try and help protect them , but it won 't be long .
tr	I	You could see a glimpse of Asian blood in her small thin eyes , were which hiding under her bangs .
tr	I	The pleasure lasted until their return to courtyard the .
tr	O	He 'd been the first to mention large animals when we first emerged from the cave .
tr	I	He kept had them together , given them purpose , protected them and taught them how to survive in those early years .
tr	I	All of the kids loved each other , but Emily Jennifer and had really hit it off .
tr	I	She humbled with him her confidence in him .
tr	I	We were on verge the .
tr	O	Instead , he continued to watch Jack with an expression of rapt attention .
tr	I	What was the man name 's ?
tr	I	James , Brady , and I would sit around my table kitchen and play when my parents were out .
tr	I	Mia and Ryan watching were him again , and they were safe , but Sara was still worried about what the Smoke had said to her .
tr	I	Travelers lose will confidence in the safety of Hemisphere Air 's fleet .
tr	O	It was a little unsettling to him , and he 'd only been dead five years .
tr	O	There was a sad farewell evening and Alex left Ruth at her gate , both with tears in their eyes .
tr	I	The man felt the lights in the room grow more intense and his became breathing a little shallow .
tr	I	Maggie moved closer in to my side .
tr	O	It 's not like I can tell him that , though .
tr	I	Our forces were being down dwindled , falling apart to her might .
tr	O	A wine that every Poppy Holland shared with her favorite lovers .
tr	I	Within minutes , she snoring was .
tr	I	Then on Saturday 's she 'd clean the apartment spotless , only to let process the start all over again come Monday morning .
tr	O	I reach down and fantasize for the moment , glad nobody can read my mind .
tr	I	He quickly took 's Fredrick advice , taking a small piece and squeezing it onto his arm .
tr	O	I 'm not okay .
tr	I	A burst of dry heat swelled through and warmed her while face the cold chilled her back .
tr	O	Chapter 14 Graduation Four Weeks Later .
tr	I	I will always miss her , the and emptiness I feel is a secret oasis of solitude .
tr	I	With his fist , he pounded out the shards and stepped out onto the back deck just as the roof completely was torn away .
tr	I	As I head out of town I think about how long I 'm to going stay .
tr	O	It 's quicker to wrap my feet .
tr	I	I tried to not laugh at her and say I am Zac Zombie , Slayer of the undead .
tr	O	Suddenly they turned into a dense part of the forest and onto a lightly used trail .
tr	O	I went to get up but the smell of blood kept me sitting .
tr	O	He felt his chest tighten .
tr	I	he asked a in low voice .
tr	I	With his left hand , Jack pulled out his phone cell and glanced at it .
tr	I	My tears begin to lessen I and step back from him embarrassed .
tr	I	Ty snapped phone the shut and rose from his seat .
tr	I	That in some weird Jasmine way reminded me of Paige and that I wanted to help the Valkyrie like I had the other girl .
tr	O	I wrote all about what I 'd done , as best I could remember it .
tr	I	He went on to tell her about the new candy bar the company introducing was , which sounded tempting to Phoebe .
tr	O	The man stood up , happiness apparent on his face .
tr	O	He helped me climb into the seat opposite him in the limousine .
tr	I	He drummed fingers his on the table , thinking .
tr	I	A great man - He 's the greatest villain the in history of science .
tr	O	I wish we could get another worker like you , Pastor .
tr	I	Iam sorry , Shea , I was thinking only of protection your .
tr	I	Then she took his still hand on the sofa and pulled it to her head so he held her with both .
tr	I	She rolled eyes her and huffed out a breath .
tr	O	He lifted his face to the swirling clouds laced and heavy with snow .
tr	O	Mandy flashed a cruel half-smile .
tr	I	And would he have been too scared .
tr	I	The pair sat in silence a for minute and then Lord Hutchinson set his tea cup on the desk and spoke .
tr	I	He had just completed his shift was and now fulfilling his mandatory counseling .
tr	I	It was in inserted the ice recently .
tr	I	Just so you know , if anyone is going to kill my brother , 'll it be me .
tr	I	Sometimes it was if okay life wasn 't entirely in her control .
tr	O	Or will the cycles of rebirth have ended for them and I will find only emptiness ?
tr	O	Damiano has forgiven me and I can 't tell you how happy I am that he still wants to be with me .
tr	O	He had just fallen flat from his second straight back body drop .
tr	O	No sense dying in a car crash in a hearse .
tr	O	That 's going to leave a giant bruise .
tr	I	CHAPTER FIVE thunderous The disturbance created multiple reactions throughout the crowd .
tr	I	Alena mentally steeled herself and looked to Father leaning the against wall .
tr	O	They moved slowly in big bulky suits that carried their own oxygen supply in a small tank on their back .
tr	O	And I didn 't want to make a big scene in front of everyone , especially not tonight .
tr	I	No other mansions appeared on the for horizon miles .
tr	I	Share like stories we were old friends ?
tr	O	We typically don 't spend much time amongst humans .
tr	I	While remaining stoic herself , at every lesson she searched his face any for sign of his returning the feeling .
tr	I	Danika 's sister screamed the as warrior reached for her , missed as she scrambled away .
tr	I	The shaking in Chris 's subsided legs , but his heart still raced .
tr	I	I take my with time the handcuffs , giving them long concentrated pulls .
tr	O	But logic had always taken a back seat where he was concerned .
tr	I	Alexia 's brain said , Those are members of the Order the of Brass Octopus .
tr	O	Instead , she sat in silence and looked out the window as her mind replayed the entire encounter with Jake Takeda .
tr	O	I grabbed my oversized purse , tossing its strap onto my shoulder as I headed to the doorway .
tr	O	There was an opening where he could have used his sword , but he didn 't take a swing .
tr	I	Al Susie and carried the conversation , regaling her with stories about their children .
tr	I	He thrust his hand into her tangled and hair held her almost desperately close .
tr	O	The others did the same , Gunner even managing to work his sword back to usability .
tr	I	Sherman said to himself , I 'm glad feels he that way .
tr	O	He most definitely wasn 't a bum .
tr	O	But if I chose punishment , I would lose the chance to find my way back to her side ... and her love .
tr	I	Unfortunately , Marquette had too few days to left make it north by any route .
tr	I	He her drew nipple between his teeth and licked its end one last time before reluctantly releasing it and pulling back .
tr	I	He flicks his tongue to hold in what little moisture his body holds , not daring to any let of his precious fluid escape .
tr	O	The army 's loyalties were to be tested once and for all .
tr	O	But I was starting over , I reminded myself , and that included being smarter .
tr	O	I was an orphan .
tr	O	Travis turned the throttle and slowly eased out the clutch ; in the instant the motorcycle began to move , he lifted his foot from the ground .
tr	I	He do 'd something .
tr	O	asked Moses apologetically in a soft voice , sensing that he had struck a nerve .
tr	O	Now , in the dining hall , Perry still in tow , Kylie stared at her breakfast of bacon , eggs , and toast .
tr	I	Jacob took care everyone of .
tr	O	When he was done , a satisfied look warmed his face and he returned the device to Camille .
tr	I	You 've got them whipped into a frenzy of hate and lust blood and that 's all that matters to them now .
tr	O	Shara , delighting in companionship , leaped to nudge them both .
tr	I	Part of me actually wished we had able been to stay there .
tr	I	I intended never to do anything that would hurt the company .
tr	O	They 'd always been close .
tr	I	Still no sound clicking .
tr	O	Man , was she feeling weak from more than the lingering effects of a bump on the head .
tr	I	He walked toward Shirt White , reaching into his pocket .
tr	O	He drew in a breath and relaxed , their path ahead apparently assured .
tr	I	Just as we rounded the corner at the end of the alley , blue lights illuminated brick the walls .
tr	I	The horrible line of Pandora 's killer species reached left and right in a wide arc around scene the of carnage .
tr	I	It was hard to think how her situation could worse be .
tr	O	Dank reached for me before I sank to the ground .
tr	I	Billy stopped yelling and the left bedroom , slamming the door behind him .
tr	O	A businessman like yourself expects quick efficiency and no emotional baggage to complicate matters .
tr	O	He breathed a slight sigh of relief as he saw the two distinct humps that made up the north and south ends of the island .
tr	I	The next thing I knew they had my bag and were we leaving the room .
tr	I	Pulling quickly up , he set down just off the paved truck parking area .
tr	I	The hurt on his face vanished , replaced disbelief by .
tr	I	Most of Midvale was still asleep , not but for long .
tr	I	Fire flamed up to shoulder his , the jungle ceiling swimming in front of his eyes .
tr	O	Although I couldn 't say it came from any sort of rational plan .
tr	I	A handful of joined volunteers them .
tr	I	The where place the infection first began .
tr	O	Every time he shut his eyes and tried to relax , the boy 's scream would echo like a tempest in his head .
tr	I	Her was body too hot .
tr	O	The coffee machine was on a table next to the vending machine .
tr	O	She wanted to know where he was , if he was all right .
tr	O	She 'd never felt so safe before in her life .
tr	O	' What happened with todays ' boys and girls ? '
tr	I	Around then , I 'd heard whispers of something in a terrorist nearby base , involving a mystic .
tr	O	Whoever did this might have done a service .
tr	I	Christina turns her arm over and slaps the inside of her elbow until vein a stands at attention .
tr	O	Ensure peace on the homefront .
tr	O	Eleanora was speaking without any enthusiasm ; she seemed uninterested and bored .
tr	I	He relaxed his posture and to walked the door that led outside .
tr	O	I stood up and walked over to him .
tr	I	She reached her hand out to the board to wall steady herself .
tr	O	Mildred took another sip of her drink .
tr	I	He flung himself out of the into plane the blanket of stars .
tr	I	He me hands back my hat .
tr	O	Maybe I liked being a slut .
tr	O	You two follow us in and secure the ground and second floors .
tr	O	I feel concern wash over me , is it his or mine ?
tr	I	She leaned into him , wrapping her arms around his middle and resting her on head his chest .
tr	I	I 'm sure he 't won mind .
tr	O	There were so many ways to kill her , so many ways to bring about humiliation .
tr	I	He didn probe 't or pry , merely surrounded her in his affection .
tr	O	He still wore his coat , as if he , too , had rushed to her side .
tr	O	But she wasn 't in the habit of asking favors .
tr	I	My voice held warning a tone .
tr	O	Bindi had a glint in her eye ; she was about to deliver the words that could radically change Liz 's fortunes .
tr	O	I had one or two more cups and bowls to wash and I would be done .
tr	O	Ethan put a bead on the back of the abby 's head and fired .
tr	O	Colt took a couple of steps back as Josie glared at him .
tr	O	Information flew in on the wind , almost through her very pores .
tr	I	Your door open was , and we didn 't know if anyone was inside .
tr	O	Khan turned back without saying a thing .
tr	O	The same glowing , bright blue that his gaze became when the beast ruled him .
tr	I	Allie took the final sip her of drink .
tr	I	She over jumped the unconscious bodies and sprinted out the service door .
tr	I	Yeah , let I that bastard hit me .
tr	O	How could she not ?
tr	I	She talked to nobody about Thomas , she and liked it that way .
tr	I	Most of room the was taken up by small tables with lounge chairs around them .
tr	I	Marcus had been determined get to Sadie 's attention , but he couldn 't compete with Jax .
tr	I	Not only was he a jerk , he but caught me watching him .
tr	O	I hear news about you from your mom when she comes in here .
tr	O	He took her into his arms but as she looked at him , his handsome features began to change .
tr	I	By morning she would her have head on straight again .
tr	I	Anyway , 's let get going .
tr	O	Leif raised his eyebrows and nodded his head toward where I knew Dank stood surrounded by female admirers .
tr	O	After a few minutes , she realized that her curiosity was keeping her from going back to sleep so she threw the covers back .
tr	I	' What 's about funny that ? '
tr	I	The holy man out put his hand , palm turned vertical , and waved it a few times .
tr	I	She rummaged in her bag handed and me one .
tr	I	The reporters relentless were .
tr	O	She jerked her head imperiously toward the steps , and started off without looking back to see if he followed .
tr	O	He frowned and willed himself to wake up but he remained in the nothingness of wherever he was .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember his name .
tr	I	They hear could the crowd chanting for an encore .
tr	I	The family could not afford to him pay but he 'd eat well and have a roof over his head .
tr	O	Every move he made was gentle and was meant to keep the young beauty at ease .
tr	I	Once she located the second suitable stick , Otto offered one of his shoelaces so she could lash the two together sticks .
tr	I	Austin 's bullet hadn 't Noah hit .
tr	I	N ... nn ... no ... I 've been here less for than a year . '
tr	I	Standing , Butch set his glass in the sink and put Jack the Daniel 's back in the cupboard .
tr	I	He was one the who 'd traded a relationship with me for political considerations .
tr	O	The family was so happy , they insisted they find a reason to keep me traveling , and sent me toward their family here .
tr	I	We have been turned a into 911 weapon .
tr	O	Then something came to Emma in a flash .
tr	O	The spray-on skin was still in his pocket .
tr	I	Neither man spoke as they solemnly moved further and into deeper the catacombs .
tr	I	She spent hours at night in the light of the tallow and the fire writing out spells her , her recipes , even her thoughts .
tr	O	Peter took a tentative step forward and placed his ear a few inches from the door .
tr	O	We 'll have to be careful so as not to accidentally ignite the powers inside him .
tr	I	We got ta get out , before the fire balls hit the gas tanks , the beside kitchen ovens .
tr	I	I pulled my phone of out my pocket .
tr	O	And it was no way to live .
tr	I	She her brushed hands together .
tr	O	There was nothing to do now but hope that she could face death as calmly as he had .
tr	I	It bathed the surrounding few feet in a radiance dim .
tr	I	After some time under sail , Jeff what spotted appeared to be firelight in the distance .
tr	O	He turned to us .
tr	O	You must whisper it only to yourself .
tr	I	Father asked , crossing his arms and studying ground the .
tr	I	All could I do was listen .
tr	O	After the firing stopped , he continued .
tr	I	This was going to another be very good year for him .
tr	O	Everything had to be even , not just steps .
tr	O	What she read horrified Scarlett .
tr	I	The light didn 't go on in eyes his .
tr	O	He wouldn 't even look at me .
tr	I	I search the house from top to and bottom find nothing .
tr	O	Rick slammed on the brakes to keep the truck from shooting across the road and down into the ditch on the other side .
tr	O	his mother asked , pulling open the bottom section .
tr	O	There were dozens of desperate defensive tackles , lots of free kicks , more yellow cards .
tr	I	She into dug her jeans pocket .
tr	I	Alex opened his eyes and before him all the wildflowers were full in bloom .
tr	I	He a took deep swallow of champagne and placed the glass on the coffee table .
tr	O	His jawline was strong , his arms muscled , but his clean , crisp manner made it unlikely that he was one of the college jocks .
tr	I	If you were still unconscious , 's there a chance we may not have been able to bring you with us .
tr	I	You two have at fun the pound .
tr	I	Flora floats actually on the ocean .
tr	O	She jumped to her feet .
tr	O	I wanted him to be the same guy I had seen in Greece .
tr	O	Thank them when you 're finished .
tr	O	I sat at the gift table and started unwrapping mostly coloring books and Play-Doh .
tr	I	' Not for me , I afraid 'm .
tr	O	That last went to Lucia , who was standing , staring in bemusement .
tr	I	He was used hearing to humans cry .
tr	O	Everyone clapped and hooted .
tr	O	To my right , Anna Ash stood frozen like a rabbit in a spotlight and my gun tracked to her immediately .
tr	O	But the sick feeling in my gut as I tried to gauge his moods ?
tr	I	I didn 't know pushed what me to say this but I just said it .
tr	I	The scars she had remembered smoothed out and faded and were replaced by newer marks .
tr	I	He looked at up Mitch .
tr	I	There would stay be enough it of .
tr	O	She recognized that feeling .
tr	I	But then compelled something me to return .
tr	I	I had been a distraction , a fun for companion a time , but now he wanted to move on .
tr	I	The vicious blocked man her path .
tr	I	Their secret nearly had destroyed the family and done unmistakable damage to his father .
tr	I	The Nomads 3 Chapter .
tr	I	The wedding ceremony was perfect , even with Ashlynn announcing she had to pee in middle the of the vows , and the reception was even better .
tr	I	the asked vampire me .
tr	O	Tougher , even , than trying to figure out where my stoopid metaphors come from .
tr	I	You will always be friend my , when you and I are long married to other people . '
tr	I	A Google search reveal would the same thing .
tr	I	I nodded as I slipped it in pocket my .
tr	I	The thought always had the power cheer to her up .
tr	I	It is ... the ultimate .
tr	I	Liam saw now that everyone the in caravan watched them all in horror .
tr	O	The same goes for my guards , of course .
tr	O	Her gaze went up and down Rose 's body .
tr	I	You know happens it .
tr	O	Usually doctors kept introducing themselves and expected you to remember them .
tr	O	I shake my head .
tr	I	Her fair complexion Hensley suddenly turned a bit pink again .
tr	O	Right now his body is safely in a Med Chamber and what is going on is all happening in his mind .
tr	I	What didn he 't know was that it would mean him taking care of everything .
tr	O	A pulsing of blue light flashed near the ships ; a thunderous blue flame roared past the hunting party with a howl like none had heard before .
tr	I	Rick laughed and Johnnie felt the tension float from room the .
tr	I	If ended he up there again , I would have to laugh before anything else .
tr	O	There 's an old mine there and a pretty small town about thirty miles north of the mine .
tr	O	Its sniffing was loud in her ear .
tr	O	Nerds are not cool .
tr	O	He looks at me .
tr	I	Morgan startled and turned to him , straw the between her lips .
tr	O	Zoey let out the breath she didn 't realize she was holding .
tr	O	You 'd have to cut the oak tree down to make room for that parking lot .
tr	O	She might be pregnant .
tr	I	We ordered a from local Chinese delivery and watched movies in the living room while we ate out of the little white boxes .
tr	O	The suite doorbell chimed .
tr	I	You looking 're for a sedan .
tr	I	His shook father his head sadly .
tr	O	Sign-ups had been weeks ago , back when we were all still obsessed with the homecoming dance , and Cassidy hadn 't wanted to .
tr	I	I 'm so you pleased called .
tr	O	' I doubt it , but I will ask the police if they need my help again .
tr	O	He would talk about last week , how they had gone to a fall festival and drunk apple cider together .
tr	O	Ethan smiled and his whole face changed .
tr	I	He had to battle poisonous the vines with a simple knife while his trainer brought up the rear .
tr	O	I leaned against the wall , protected by the roof overhand from the rain .
tr	I	For humans it was sufficient but recovered Lycans fast .
tr	I	The look his in eyes was intense .
tr	I	They tortured others with their words , their used words to get what they wanted or needed .
tr	I	One whose love ran so deep that she 't didn hold anything back .
tr	O	It was supposed to help us catch a dangerous killer .
tr	O	Who were these ancient people ?
tr	I	I began to feel a tingle anticipation of .
tr	O	The headlights danced past me , and I ran out of my shelter of trees .
tr	O	She peered up at me .
tr	I	His hair had just started back growing .
tr	O	Theresa was sleeping under a mountain of blankets .
tr	I	I give my sister playful a shove as we walk down the hall toward the kitchen .
tr	O	One had supposedly been written by the fiancee , the other by the young man .
tr	I	He her called Maggie .
tr	I	I helped you get through those deaths I -- did .
tr	O	he joked and I threw a coffee stirrer at him .
tr	I	Her fit name her well .
tr	O	It tasted so good , and I even dipped a few fries into the milkshake .
tr	O	I think people guess first that it 's short for Katherine , or Kathleen .
tr	I	During the weeks that followed , they in fell love .
tr	I	At last he gave shake a of his head .
tr	O	I 've never cared much for that .
tr	I	Some days I just want leave to her up there .
tr	I	Filing , making the coffee , getting the manager 's sandwich for his lunch -- that sort thing of .
tr	I	This was to ensure the # 65 million did not disappear , and the rather complex merger schedule aborted was .
tr	I	And then , I 've lived so for long - and people don 't like that .
tr	O	They were sitting just a few tables from where they were finally seated .
tr	I	They didn even 't say goodnight .
tr	O	There was a never ending bottomless pit below the disappearing floor , not good .
tr	I	She glared me at .
tr	O	One of the three girls stood out from the rest .
tr	I	That him caused to snort .
tr	I	The had bar grown quiet .
tr	O	His survival was contingent on him getting out of this club while he still had some of his wits about him .
tr	I	My arms flapped at my sides as I tried to keep balance my .
tr	I	Without moving their bodies , had they pulled apart .
tr	I	And the fight my and dad Brandi had .
tr	I	I glanced and down swallowed .
tr	O	His plain face morphed as he pushed away from the chair .
tr	I	I grabbed a dodgeball and with all my might flung it his at head .
tr	O	That one wasn 't scheduled to call until the following day .
tr	I	All I see could was her soul and the darkness .
tr	O	She 'd write like she always had , tell the stories she wanted to tell .
tr	I	It 's long a shot , it 's suicide maybe , but I do the only thing I can think of .
tr	O	He 'd felt her strong mind seeking in the night .
tr	O	At that moment I saw out of the corner of my eye the boyfriend raising his hand .
tr	O	A doctor came into the room , searching the faces of the tired people before looking down at the clipboard he was carrying .
tr	I	But did they who know we were ?
tr	O	' Lethal hands and a pathological hatred of beer , ' Liz commented .
tr	O	She didn 't know if she could make it up the path to the cave entrance but she also knew she had no option except to try .
tr	I	Tribunals weren 't infallible any by stretch of the imagination .
tr	O	Blank faces stared back at her .
tr	I	I take swing a at my bag .
tr	I	The whole was concept foreign to her .
tr	O	All were dead ends .
tr	O	Yet she was an attractive person , drawing a little more attention from men than she thought was best .
tr	I	Her screams prove me right fuel and my chant .
tr	O	The sun had only just gone down when they heard a rustle out in the darkness of the forest floor .
tr	I	She often did a great deal of work in her newly adjoined apartment while quarters she entertained her nieces and friends .
tr	I	During the day , I went to St. Michael 's school grade with kids from the same neighborhood .
tr	O	That didn 't go like I wanted it to .
tr	I	No rose one with her except Kim .
tr	O	He cupped the rounded flesh , and his finger teased the nipple until it beaded and swelled against his palm .
tr	I	Light into streams the incinerator .
tr	O	She almost felt as though he was some long lost brother of Xavier who returned home after many years .
tr	I	Far below the traffic of the living world passed , dots buses of and taxis in constant congestion .
tr	O	She turned from side to side , looking in every direction .
tr	O	I saw what it did to him when you walked out .
tr	O	I tried to grip the sliver of wood in a pincer formed by my thumb and middle finger , but I didn 't have much success .
tr	O	You even come out of the faucet when I turn it on .
tr	I	It was past time he started getting used to the idea that Harvard no was longer a part of the Order .
tr	O	Give us a shot at this .
tr	I	He had my gun and to readied whack her from behind with it .
tr	I	I used all my strength stop to myself screaming out .
tr	O	It 's an adventure , and I 'm excited , but yeah , I 'm scared .
tr	O	mother asked in shock .
tr	I	She looked at in it bewilderment realizing he had been in her apartment and had stolen this .
tr	O	She knew she would have burst into flames like the wall if one of the fireballs had hit her .
tr	I	We spent the rest of the morning with poor Liza and in out of the bathroom .
tr	I	The ghost here was .
tr	O	It was a lie but I wasn 't going to tell her that I hoped her brother would have been my first .
tr	O	Aeron is stronger than you .
tr	I	Of course , by now , no doubt you have read Annabelle 's diary and hopefully applied lessons any learned to your own life .
tr	O	And it was the strangest explanation he had ever heard .
tr	I	Sadly , his chase caught her attention more than the car ahead of her and she continued to into move the path of the oncoming car .
tr	I	I bring 'll your breakfast up at nine . '
tr	I	It was a big world out ; there there were even further horizons than just going to Dublin .
tr	I	He hadn 't to expected use it , but now was glad that he had taken that precaution .
tr	O	Her breath hissed out in a quiet agony .
tr	O	A few moments passed of crazy and scary thoughts within each of the guests .
tr	I	And then my phone ringing started .
tr	O	You shouldn 't do this to me in the hospital .
tr	I	He slid in and headed for the coffee in shop McGinnis Plaza .
tr	O	With an effort of will that was almost painful , Royce dragged his hand away and lifted his lips from her cheek .
tr	I	All I could see was blinding the yellow rays of light that gave me an instant pounding headache .
tr	O	She would suddenly start a seemingly endless round of baking or cleaning or tidying books in the library , which usually meant throwing them away .
tr	I	Raising my face to the ceiling , I expelled a weighted into sigh the reprieve of the bathroom .
tr	I	On the front cover was a drawing of a man with long white hair holding a staff up stormy toward clouds , clearly a wizard casting spells .
tr	O	He 'd need to hurry if he was going to catch up .
tr	O	She was drowning , and no one was going to help her .
tr	I	His split face into a crooked smile .
tr	I	No one ever survived because of what lay the in forest .
tr	O	The normal dreaming world , her waking world and this one .
tr	O	Darius hovered close to the baby , soothing her , offering her reassurance and encouragement .
tr	O	I kept my eyes closed and silently cursed them all .
tr	O	To help matters , Judge Franco assumed a position on Rick 's right , and Nino took charge of the left .
tr	I	He been 'd there a long time .
tr	I	Claire 's voice wobbled as she the interrupted flow of happy words , and she was unable to continue .
tr	I	Perhaps the one who put an end to my sister 's life when she tried resist to what she was ?
tr	I	He sure as was heck going to try his best .
tr	I	We no 've time to waste .
tr	I	Most of it was magical paraphernalia , things Sydney couldn risk 't Zoe finding .
tr	O	She could let him guide her , let him have some of her , because she trusted him as she 'd never trusted another man .
tr	O	Renna spotted a lab filled with computers and paused .
tr	O	How he 'd felt about skipping two grades .
tr	I	I call silently Olivia to , willing her back onto my shoulder , but she does not come .
tr	I	She put the glasses back and on smiled at him for the first time in almost a year .
tr	O	Fernando has not been cleaning up after all of the horses lately and James won 't be happy if he hears that .
tr	I	That in meant itself nothing .
tr	O	Jessa got off the couch and followed at a distance .
tr	O	I pondered his words for a moment while he continued .
tr	I	She would walk to the grocers call to the doctor .
tr	O	But it was exactly as though I had a little voice , whispering in my ear .
tr	I	Time get to this situation back under my control .
tr	I	The fact that Anderson was friendly didn elude 't him .
tr	O	There was so much blood .
tr	I	Why she should feel guilty ?
tr	O	But that didn 't mean Rafael wouldn 't order his men to shoot Painter after he tossed the package .
tr	I	I began to and tumble he caught me in his arms .
tr	I	He rose to his feet , drawing more than a couple of female as eyes he walked to my side of the table and extended his hand .
tr	I	The passageway enough widened to allow Jacques to resume his true form .
tr	O	Did she really have to spell it out ?
tr	I	I thought about sitting them down and reading it , but your would sister somehow come out of it smelling like roses .
tr	O	Her finger began tracing a line through his pectorals and down his stomach .
tr	I	It doesn 't matter now though , the nearest warship will still days be away .
tr	I	The first item to be auctioned off was a case of French red that went for a sum staggering of money .
tr	O	That she had been the guardian of his soul since her birth .
tr	O	It was innocent and real , no sign of pretense like that of someone he knew .
tr	O	Tam raises an eyebrow to mock me .
tr	I	Yes , was that like Steve .
tr	O	Aimee leaned in to the mirror , rubbing a finger under one eye , getting rid of a slight mascara smudge .
tr	I	Do you think you 're sick getting ? '
tr	O	I 'm not even here to question the motives behind said niceness heaped upon mankind .
tr	O	Okay , now she just felt stupid and overly analytical .
tr	I	A blind hand slapped at the ground and up came with the brassy object .
tr	I	Mathew brought over her to the car .
tr	O	I had endured that kind of training growing up playing sports , but this new part of my training was something else entirely .
tr	O	I nod and turn to exit but she calls to me .
tr	I	It was a long thin dagger a in leather sheath .
tr	O	I made sure I put myself between Nick and the man he beat up .
tr	I	If this were a steel panel , would it weigh many tons .
tr	O	It will be a pecking order .
tr	O	Her expression said this morning 's interviews were the most boring event on her agenda .
tr	I	She lost had interest .
tr	O	After Jay 's death , I 'd done some research and found out exactly what the thing had been that had attacked us .
tr	O	My feet up and relaxed , I tried to think about something else other than whether that pain would return .
tr	I	The last door hissed open as the door vault seal released .
tr	I	That enclave had done too it .
tr	O	I stepped back and lightly pushed his shoulders away from me .
tr	I	He 'd taken been to a hospital .
tr	I	With bright eyes , shoves she the number into my hand .
tr	O	Corrigan might be a better bet .
tr	I	Father , why did you have toss to the Weaver 's statue off of the Nest ?
tr	O	You can take a Lady out of the castle , but not the castle out of the Lady .
tr	O	But after he 'd gone so long without the words passing his lips , I didn 't want to be the one to break the silence .
tr	I	Now it was impossible her for to see anything .
tr	O	She was in a very fragile state and if he told her about how few people survived , he knew she would immediately worry about her family .
tr	I	Patrick was going to be father a .
tr	O	Yes , in the end , my day really had been pretty good .
tr	O	she asked with confusion , wondering a bit distractedly what he was doing and catching her gown to keep it from slipping off her arms .
tr	I	Where else would be he ?
tr	O	The voice was female .
tr	I	I hadn 't pride taken in it in a long time .
tr	O	The man speaks into his chest com .
tr	O	He lapped her up like cream .
tr	I	There were also huge a number of lakes inhabited by countless swans and other birds of all shapes and colours .
tr	O	Mo 's voice faded and stopped as he continued to strum , then fading into the gentle plucking which was accompanied by Lee 's unwavering beat .
tr	I	I said to TV the .
tr	I	I never 've had to deal with anything like this before .
tr	I	Is it of because the fans ?
tr	I	It did not take long , though , before we more encountered kids .
tr	I	A golden glimmer in the distance catches his eye , and doubles he his pace to catch up .
tr	I	At quarter a crown , she could afford places like this for most of the trip .
tr	I	Tessa touched the sleeve the of dress with the tip of her finger .
tr	O	I kicked my legs , but the wire circled tight around them , digging into my skin .
tr	O	The whole morning , as I went around doing my thing , I wondered if Josh had gotten the warrant to get a DNA sample from James .
tr	I	He had regained the hand upper .
tr	O	He tasted hot and male and musky .
tr	I	She could the hear two poisons sizzling against each other .
tr	O	she sputtered , clutching Beau 's hands .
tr	O	I felt sorry for the guy .
tr	O	Brewer gave him a long hard look , cop to cop .
tr	I	Before the rapids got bad too .
tr	I	Instead , she had forced Lorraine to in behave a way that destroyed her high opinion of him .
tr	I	Isaiah me shoots an unsaid warning .
tr	I	The ring trigger slowly slipped from his finger .
tr	I	The voice said could it help me .
tr	I	It rustled when she moved , and she had to be careful where she stepped to keep from it catching or brushing a dirty surface .
tr	I	Those pains gone were too .
tr	O	And it is far from what we are .
tr	I	The honesty part was probably going to be harder Emma for than taking off her clothes .
tr	I	Brianna gave a him moment to fully appreciate her words .
tr	I	Now they found themselves at Ryan office 's where he proudly showed off the brownstone where he and his partners worked .
tr	O	Lara was talking to the marketing people .
tr	I	I trust these people , and I trust Thomas , whereas can I 't trust Wendell anymore .
tr	I	I 'll try help to him with the ' fitting in ' thing later , assuming we live through the night and there is a later .
tr	O	Every nerve in my body stretched tight while my brain sought out potential danger .
tr	I	Cullen merely grunted , and bent peer to at something in the embers .
tr	I	She didn 't want a just little longer .
tr	I	He opened glove the box and found a stack of road maps and a small leather folder the size of a purse diary .
tr	O	He cleared his throat .
tr	O	It 's about me too .
tr	O	They were just trying to smoke out my dad .
tr	I	Postal boxes were torn off their concrete platforms , becoming another hazard for and motorists pedestrians alike .
tr	I	I had to home get .
tr	O	But even as she found it , a small voice inside her was whispering the truth .
tr	I	He need would his strength .
tr	O	Emma 's best friend from elementary school , Hannah Smithson , remembers her being a shy and studious girl .
tr	O	Where are you from ?
tr	O	She swallowed a bottle of pills and died last Friday .
tr	I	Adam wanted to talk the to Oracle .
tr	I	The man outside pounded on the again door .
tr	I	She reassured Emma that everything would fine be there .
tr	I	I looked in the small , rectangular mirror and to wanted punch my worthless face .
tr	O	They 'd made promises that day .
tr	O	I yell , firing my gun at a walker coming up behind Maria .
tr	I	But he on rounded me .
tr	I	Scar appeared behind my back , squatting at the edge of the faucet , and his gripped hands under my arms , ready to pull me up .
tr	I	She looked around at the rest of group their .
tr	I	That didn 't either matter .
tr	O	The whole room is filled with women 's clothes .
tr	O	Frank was a high school dropout .
tr	I	It was filled the to brim with pirates and bounty hunters .
tr	I	Blake shook head his .
tr	I	After all , you usually pass the merchandise to off your partner the photographer to hide in his camera bag .
tr	I	Fred Harkin determined was to rule with a heavy hand .
tr	O	It was then I noticed a second chair was also empty .
tr	O	I changed the subject .
tr	I	The plan was intricate too , too theatrical .
tr	I	I have now it .
tr	O	She definitely had the sharpest smile of those present .
tr	O	He thought he had lost me again .
tr	O	Allie rolled up her window .
tr	I	I don 't want to be for late this .
tr	O	There were over a dozen people crammed in the small place and he knew that they could easily hide in a back , dark corner somewhere .
tr	O	I wrapped my arms around his neck , knowing that I had now crossed the point of no return .
tr	O	Brick opened out the silken paper .
tr	I	Nicole and resisted pushed against his chest , more out of instinct than any real desire to get away .
tr	I	Pete 's laugh was awkward despite his fine features , and Julie was glad that gravitated Kim to his friend .
tr	I	She on froze the spot and gasped .
tr	O	Momentarily dumbstruck , Royce stared at her as he considered what she said .
tr	I	Images shifted in brain my .
tr	O	I take it we sustained no other casualties ? '
tr	O	He stares at my lips for a few seconds .
tr	I	I would not him let .
tr	I	He pulled her shorts and panties down her legs with a move so strong it almost was painful .
tr	O	He was obviously a powerful , wealthy man and she was nothing but a PhD student moonlighting as a hotel maid .
tr	I	She was a health nut and had survived for several weeks on bottled water and bulk granola or some other of kind healthy crap .
tr	O	My breakfast churned in my stomach unpleasantly as whips of fear struck my body .
tr	O	We reached the living room , cloaked in shadow except for the light that came from the open door and the flickering static of the television .
tr	I	She forced the word through teeth so clenched tightly she could probably bend metal with her molars .
tr	O	At first the drink was unbearably bitter , but sweetened with plenty of sugar it became palatable .
tr	I	But he gave Snowball a strange as look he disappeared in the barn .
tr	O	She 's teeny weenie , and she has orange hair .
tr	O	Azalea could literally feel a pain so deep she could have sworn there was a knife sticking out of her heart .
tr	O	Who wouldn 't crave to be a permanent guest here ?
tr	I	That damn hero needed a few lumps to the head if he thought I were going just to let him do it .
tr	I	We can only move and forward try our best to smooth the scars .
tr	I	There was a small china pitcher of hot on chocolate the table with a china cup .
tr	O	These clues only demonstrate the fact that what has occurred is reversible .
tr	I	Cronus licked lips his .
tr	I	Henrietta wrote the word in the air , just and as she finished , a surge of energy shot up from a symbol at her feet .
tr	O	She could only see Victoria 's Bugatti Veyron car but the Black Volvo wasn 't there .
tr	O	We couldn 't be more than a couple hours away from Heathrow and our free ride across the pond .
tr	O	Nick and Jimmy both smiled as they let go of each other 's hands .
tr	I	Tarn 's reaction to my myself draping in diamonds at his expense would be priceless .
tr	I	Suddenly my mother realized that the Anderton house was going to be impossible to move , at least for a while , and she closed eyes her .
tr	I	Shawn light 's blue eyes cut to Chase .
tr	O	The ride seemed to take forever , and Gary was looking so pale , he was almost green .
tr	I	I 'm starting to regret coming here , since she seems unhappy to see me and is completely of out it .
tr	I	Caden crouched down in front me of , cupping my chin gently with his hands .
tr	I	He the held phone away from his ear as Vivian Coulter shrieked .
tr	I	I never saw the face , just an outline a of head , but I knew it was a he .
tr	O	The regiment leader then proceeded to the most viable viewpoint of the tower and squinted his weathered eyes at a growing speck in the sky .
tr	O	She had been given an instruction and had followed it .
tr	O	Like he didn 't want me to feel smothered just because he had given himself to me .
tr	O	He clearly enjoyed this .
tr	O	Tarps became wings stretched taut over a tubular metal framing from a picnic tent .
tr	O	This is not a feeling he understands or knows how to cope with .
tr	I	That not is so .
tr	O	People stuck in their cars got out and ran in terror towards them , then past them while looking strangely back at them .
tr	O	Jane looked down at it in confusion and couldn 't see that anything had been disturbed .
tr	I	Hunter was growing interested more .
tr	I	I hadn even 't considered the idea .
tr	O	She stepped outside just in time to see her son crumple to the ground and promptly flew into monumental hysterics .
tr	I	Wouldn 't do you anything to get out from under their hateful eyes ?
tr	O	I don 't really know how to explain it to you right now , but he is gone .
tr	O	Hands spanning her waist , he lifted her .
tr	I	Sean gave the glass to the waitress , urging to her fill it .
tr	O	His head was shaved and scarred , faint lines overlapping in a vicious pattern .
tr	O	As Razia had found out three weeks ago when she had been tossed out for sneaking in through a window .
tr	I	He ceaselessly his reiterated adventures to anyone who would stop and listen .
tr	O	I glanced down at her baseball bat tucked between her legs , then up at her face .
tr	O	Here you are held to a higher standard .
tr	O	Keep her alive Manda .
tr	I	I didn 't know what that meant or why they like were that .
tr	O	They want to bring Greg and I on first .
tr	O	No light was getting through at all and without my sight my other senses seemed to magnify .
tr	I	She moved fast and through dodged crowds as she hurried forward .
tr	O	He was still my father .
tr	O	He tasted so unbelievably good , like sin on a stick , and she wanted more .
tr	O	I bet I look like a kid on the first day of summer vacation .
tr	I	He mulled over what I said for longer what than seemed necessary .
tr	O	That 's all it could have been .
tr	O	I bit my lip , wondering whether I should use Renee and Charlie as an excuse again .
tr	O	You know the number one rule is to always have an anchor .
tr	I	Cindy nose 's spatters snot and blood .
tr	O	When it comes closer I see that it is a green blob or cloud .
tr	O	You can move at any time now , but it 's been two years .
tr	I	The old nodded woman her head in agreement .
tr	I	I nearly didn 't recognize him myself when I saw yesterday him .
tr	I	Even the libraries at home , which had no books to speak of and were with filled information leaflets from various ministries demanded absolute silence .
tr	I	He had been so excited about his first voyage as a sailor that they could stay hardly in the same house with him .
tr	O	The bloodstained apron was making me feel unwell .
tr	I	Rhys went for door the .
tr	I	Mikhail rubbed his face over hers and kissed damp her hair .
tr	I	He and Sandra could start living lives their again .
tr	I	What 's she doing right now is building a bridge for Him .
tr	I	She couldn even 't dream of it in 12 .
tr	I	He didn 't even need to use any force and I was yielding already , ready to devote my whole life to him willingly .
tr	I	He sighed and led me over to seats the .
tr	I	That someone was me for the first time in our relationship short .
tr	O	I 'm sailing blind almost as much as he is , not that I 'm gon na let him know that .
tr	I	Our faces are only now inches apart and I can feel his warm breath against my lips .
tr	I	His neck snapped , the then Breed male 's head fell back to the floor with a heavy thunk .
tr	I	As she bent to stroke the cat 's fur , her thoughts again once flicked back to Alec .
tr	O	Ground lights and lampposts around the property enabled them to see well enough .
tr	O	Then she heard something that made her turn .
tr	O	An ' I know ye are ! '
tr	I	Can you drop the keys off at the book tomorrow store ?
tr	I	Its tusks waving from side side to as it angrily shook its head .
tr	I	They gravitated around Seraphina as if were she the sun .
tr	O	Amanda 's throat tightened .
tr	I	Doesn 't he realize that I don have 't a home anymore ?
tr	O	James pulled a second pouch from his pack .
tr	I	The phone started again ringing before I even made it to the shower .
tr	I	But being around Maggie made it hard to him leave in my past .
tr	O	I decided I didn 't want to look too closely at it .
tr	O	However , why wouldn 't King pop in and help us ?
tr	I	And he was a better much kisser now than he 'd been a decade earlier .
tr	O	And now he stood waiting for her to materialize .
tr	I	he asked , sinking to his before haunches her .
tr	O	His gaze plunged into his own realizations .
tr	O	You know Keg wasn 't too careful about the crowds he ran around with .
tr	I	I out wonder loud .
tr	O	You can 't have love without trust .
tr	O	She hissed as she turned off the water and searched for a towel .
tr	O	He brushed my wet hair away from my forehead and planted his lips there .
tr	O	That meant she had nothing in her hand .
tr	O	He 'd also tried to get up to that window after he 'd fallen into the cellar .
tr	I	To me anything was possible my in dreams and imaginations .
tr	I	I took in the profile of her as face we walked and committed the details to memory : her black hair ; her smooth , porcelain skin .
tr	O	He had to get the barn door open and get Billy and himself out of the cold .
tr	I	She 'd stopped coming by for tea in mornings the and I knew why .
tr	I	Still , she couldn 't help noticing he made his fashion own statement of sorts tonight .
tr	I	She stared out of the car windows in the hope catching of a glimpse of Foal .
tr	O	But before she could carry on with her tirade a young man came running up the sidewalk shouting for the reverend 's attention .
tr	I	In no time they 'd be in air the .
tr	O	Probably everyone who knew the people in the photos was gone too .
tr	I	He pushed her blouse from her shoulders , tossing it aside in the of heat the moment .
tr	I	We pass through a with park a fountain .
tr	O	One of them was the epitome of a stereotypical student activist , wearing his beret and his goatee beard without the faintest hint of irony .
tr	I	That doesn 't too sound hard .
tr	O	Fox Sports fantasy football draft pick ?
tr	O	He laughs , putting on the jacket .
tr	O	Then the silence came back .
tr	O	Liv was suddenly there , in the cool ocean air .
tr	I	The other woman had an innate sense of caring that appreciated Lauren and valued .
tr	I	The battle continued to rage below , and I was painfully aware that more guards were the joining fray .
tr	O	I see now I was wrong .
tr	O	It beat running into Papa , Claudette , or Madeleine in the hallways .
tr	I	There was else something she had to do tonight .
tr	O	Imagine if that was actually a real strawberry marshmallow , you could live inside it for a week and then eat yourself out .
tr	I	I enjoy being in the on creative process , just as you do .
tr	I	You 't haven been for weeks .
tr	I	Apparently neither of had them had enough ambition to change last night .
tr	O	They 're people too .
tr	O	Elise thrived on order and routine .
tr	O	So maybe Mother was right .
tr	I	I wonder what they plan to if do he won 't join their new order ?
tr	O	He needed to satisfy her needs .
tr	O	He didn 't answer .
tr	I	Foster kids were troublemakers -- so everyone used to say -- she 'd been a labeled freak from early on .
tr	I	I 't wasn certain what the message was supposed to be , but in her mind there was one .
tr	O	I am bolted to the chair .
tr	I	Isabel releases her grip my on hands .
tr	O	I glanced around the cavern , but everything was the same as before .
tr	O	It was hard to distinguish who was who .
tr	O	Holding the tomato to his lips , he bites it once more .
tr	O	I sort of wanted to punch him in the face for even suggesting that .
tr	O	Joe didn 't explain what Cheyenne was to him , but he performed a perfunctory introduction .
tr	O	' Geoff , he 's a businessman and my landlord . '
tr	O	Scott turned and struggled a few more strides , then the bird was on him again , wet wings pounding at his head .
tr	I	His muscles rippled as he twisted to the throw shirt behind him and my mouth watered .
tr	O	But he still missed her , also as a woman .
tr	O	But the town 's farther east , just beyond the limit of the secret hour .
tr	O	Race is just someone I know through a mutual friend .
tr	I	I just stopped in for , you know , coffee , then saw I Milton here .
tr	I	And yet even that word carries too much the weight of gravity for state the in which I found myself completely at ease .
tr	I	Did truly I have what it took to defeat such a powerful opponent ?
tr	I	Having a sharp nimble mind , Rita quickly found answer an .
tr	O	By Thursday , the woodwork was finished and it was looking good .
tr	I	They 're in and the around house .
tr	O	Then she was back in bed , rolling and jerking covers and trying her best to wake him .
tr	O	If they looked hard enough , they 'd probably find pieces ; but there was no time for that now .
tr	O	That was partly true .
tr	O	She also had left her cell phone in the suite , so she couldn 't even call for a ride .
tr	O	If I 'd known you were that tough I 'd have killed you in Costa Rica .
tr	I	When she was done that piece she bowed to graciously her host .
tr	I	She didn 't to need write it down .
tr	O	When I met Dixon , I felt the overwhelming urge to heal his leg and I 'm pretty sure I did that .
tr	I	I hoped it 't wasn pouring into the bank account of Felipe de Castro .
tr	I	The guard moved toward without them a smile .
tr	O	Because of the parking prohibition .
tr	O	But were they close enough ?
tr	O	Scott watches Timothy reading intently .
tr	O	I stirred my drink and snorted .
tr	I	Faster , harder than first the .
tr	I	She continues to look at me patiently while I dig deep for the courage to speak to her ... tell to her everything she needs to know .
tr	O	He bends to say something in Mr. Garrett 's ear , and I stare at the heart monitor going up and down and up and down .
tr	I	His gaze roams up my thigh where my dress shifts , and pull I it down .
tr	O	The tree began to sway and he reached out to steady himself on a thick and twisted branch .
tr	O	Pay close attention to all the new abilities you discover .
tr	I	With the gathering darkness , the town become had more active .
tr	I	He had a nice face ( and was that putting it mildly ) .
tr	I	A greater power does resist us and I will bow not to her .
tr	I	After that , she deal could with all the chaos again .
tr	O	She pondered as she glanced around .
tr	O	Not bothering to sit fully upright , I was unwilling to let him think he was completely off the hook .
tr	O	Yet , there lay a man on the cusp of death and disaster who saw fit to heal the soldier who tried to kill him .
tr	I	Rico 's employees eager were to talk about him and the island paradise where they lived .
tr	I	The cathedral full was .
tr	I	If the folks friendly look fine no problem , maybe we can find something to use our diesel in and make it back to the ship .
tr	I	As a child never I really noticed it .
tr	O	Once again he needed to act quickly if he was to have the advantage of surprise .
tr	I	Miranda strode to office her to throw down her purse and pick up the file for Mr. Corbin .
tr	O	I really want to see you again .
tr	O	It 's so much better now , but it 's going to take a while for both of you to get over it .
tr	I	Thus freed to think about the preservation of his own life , Harald held his breath then listened for any sound of unseen his adversaries .
tr	O	He came to me and curiously asked , ' What did you say to her ?
tr	O	Stay away from this glade !
tr	I	Anyway , I 'm exhausted from lifting rocks whining and about lifting rocks .
tr	I	He had an idea where all of 's Angelica nutrients went , but there was no way to be certain .
tr	O	Killing humans was forbidden , and this creature had gorged himself on the most precious of all , a baby .
tr	I	After a brief yelling fit , ( Mom actually looked as if she was having a fit ) she allowed to him stay and see his children .
tr	O	Otherwise , where was the phone call to tell me you was sorry ?
tr	O	Well , almost like everyone else .
tr	O	The tears tried to come out again .
tr	O	And I have a lot of questions of my own .
tr	O	He felt the presence of the evil one , a thick oily substance left behind so that the air reeked with the stench of the undead .
tr	O	A lot to go unsaid .
tr	I	They had all expected to cooperate in rebuilding the of framework a shattered country .
tr	O	Had King wanted me to find this place , anticipating that something bad was going to happen to him ?
tr	O	I began hoping I had grown an inch or two over the last year .
tr	O	Vin hit the ground in a tumble , splinters of wood scattering around her .
tr	I	Carol couldn 't very explain well that when he touched her , even lightly , tiny atoms exploded inside her .
tr	O	He kept staring at the screen .
tr	O	And then , I saw Reginald Ball , walking on the water like Holy Jesu and waving a handkerchief furiously at me .
tr	I	A quick radio message confirmed they not were at their known addresses in the city .
tr	I	It was pretty pathetic say to the least .
tr	O	' Only if you want them to .
tr	I	' Go way that !
tr	I	Josephine lost track time of as the pleasant sensations from the vortex washed over her .
tr	I	Kristin couldn 't fiddling stop with the radio .
tr	I	I know I give should you time .
tr	I	It 's like can he read my inexperience all over my face .
tr	O	she replied with a grin .
tr	O	A tall guard emerged out of the shadows .
tr	O	Without taking off her high-heeled boots , she poached a piece of fish , boiled some brown rice and steamed some vegetables .
tr	I	Also , a traffic ticket isn 't exactly a crime , least at I don 't think it is .
tr	O	His cock surged beneath her hand .
tr	O	she practically shouted , whirling around again .
tr	I	But , course of he didn 't tell me what .
tr	O	He fell without quarter , seeing the red rush across what remained of the platform and burning through the green mist like flame to cotton .
tr	I	I realized this was where was Guido supposed to do his stuff .
tr	I	This thing didn call 't to her the way steel did .
tr	I	Graham didn 't hold back his corrections , but he didn 't hold his back praise , either .
tr	O	The next day my depression was worse .
tr	O	You see , that 's what was happening .
tr	I	And it felt like performance a , too .
tr	I	Colin caught her in his arms and wasted no time in whirling behind her the protection of his body .
tr	I	She heard the man growl pain in .
tr	O	Considering I led my team to the state championship game last year , I have proven myself .
tr	I	Just in case , Evie took extra care with appearance her that evening .
tr	O	The scent of her lust was heady , sweeping through his senses and across his skin .
tr	O	His fists sought out retribution .
tr	O	And he 'd liked handmade shoes as well , and they were a tolerable fit .
tr	O	She 'd learned to read his expressions well in the months she was with him .
tr	I	Even though she was still swollen and red , it did nothing to the erase beauty she naturally possessed .
tr	O	The first was that Peter Vogel had a criminal record from his youth which had included petty theft amongst some other misdemeanours .
tr	O	Perfect , and so deliciously sweet .
tr	I	He shook his head and it handed back .
tr	O	The guard followed Montana ´ s indication , pressing the channel plus button , until the pay-per-view clear blue screen showing five adult titles appeared .
tr	I	George and nodded dutifully did as he was bid .
tr	I	My guess be would Victoria .
tr	O	I am not entirely certain why this was .
tr	I	Many of you have may noticed that the relationship between me and my father is somewhat adversarial .
tr	O	She shouldn 't have come .
tr	I	A fluttery feeling filled her when stomach his smile got lazier , more arrogant .
tr	O	But it could have been worse , what if we had moved to Palermo or Naples , or in a small suburban town .
tr	O	As I opened the box , I was pulled inside like some strange magic trick .
tr	O	Emma looked as if this made enormous sense .
tr	I	Hi , I think my sister is being held hostage your in home wasn 't going to cut it .
tr	I	Once I 'd a found card Lea 's stepmother had written to Lea , tucked away in one of her textbooks .
tr	O	Have you been wandering the streets of Edinburgh dressed as a gorilla ?
tr	O	Adam stood up slowly and turned round .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but wonder if the jealousy meant that he really did have feelings for me .
tr	O	I drifted into a doze around dawn , although I was wide awake when the alarm went off .
tr	I	Without a mother 's nurturing , you raised like her a boy .
tr	I	A line of cylinder containers on were the shelf , so small that she could fit at least 10 in her hand .
tr	O	Jenny broke out laughing at Martin 's shocked expression .
tr	I	had risen in no small part to Lloyd 's telling her about all the had man done for him personally .
tr	O	Then he 's applying salve to the slash across Kent 's face .
tr	O	Much effort went into discrediting the photographs and today there is a UFO culture around this case .
tr	I	She only - saw The crowd attacked .
tr	I	We could have you move out the to remote cabin , far away from Sanctuary and the grounds .
tr	I	I imagined her showing up in party uncomfortable clothes and having to work into the night as I skipped off to my fancy dinner .
tr	I	It was the product of too many movies television and shows .
tr	I	I hadn 't seen her since she was though released .
tr	O	A Bishop cannot marry until he becomes an Archbishop .
tr	I	she asked , almost frustrated as took we our seats at our usual table .
tr	I	Some of the leather stuck to the drying blood , and careful as she was , there were bits that pulled started and the bleeding afresh .
tr	O	Since hearing the man 's not-so-subtle threat during their last phone conversation , Seth had been doing his best to brush up on Mister Pickett 's book .
tr	O	It is all I can hear as I scramble to get to my feet .
tr	O	Good stuff and it kept my friend , the truck driver , from talking too much .
tr	O	Raven slipped out of his grasp .
tr	I	Todd took Paulette on many other getaways romantic .
tr	I	It was a rather amusing image , Holland thought , as they were all able salute to , but they couldn 't all stand .
tr	O	I told him no way because then I wouldn 't be able to go home for Christmas to spend the holiday with my mom .
tr	I	It made Grace feel better to know there were at least two young children in this town that seemed to be made adults for .
tr	O	Printer looked momentarily sheepish .
tr	I	Saw sitting her there .
tr	I	I 't couldn laugh because I 'd barely managed to eat my monkey brains .
tr	I	One of side her mouth quirks into a smile .
tr	O	The crowd went crazy .
tr	O	Jax kissed me and headed upstairs to the Fortress of Solitude .
tr	O	There was something familiar about this man .
tr	I	He then crossed back to the Cathedral tugged and back on the radio headset .
tr	I	David heard the jarring voice his in earpiece .
tr	I	I don 't this want .
tr	O	It seemed to him that Selena knows better than buying something like that .
tr	I	He never asked for this , never picked me -- it is his right to resent it , and I won 't make worse it .
tr	I	It save would him a lot of time .
tr	I	Or -- perhaps to subdue them if ever they tried to disobey orders ?
tr	O	The greatest Druid gift Helen possessed was her ability to find missing objects and even people .
tr	I	Why all the men gear and ?
tr	O	His voice was sincerely grim .
tr	O	After his mam died Barry practiced harder .
tr	I	Whenever she felt caged or trapped , she went to special her place deep inside the woods .
tr	O	The floors are falling up .
tr	I	They nodded him to .
tr	O	He 'd never be able to settle down and run a family restaurant .
tr	O	I tried mightily to pull up images of the great Musial and his muscled teammates running across the manicured green grass of Sportsman 's Park .
tr	O	There was also a little TV and radio .
tr	O	Once she stopped , squinting against the glaring white snow as though seeing the ice fields for the first time .
tr	I	Jesse gave me purposeful a look .
tr	I	He it imagined had been a chore for her to write that much and spell it correctly .
tr	O	He needed her trust and he 'd blown it in the worst possible way .
tr	O	It 's done to death , so to speak .
tr	I	Mary Jo , however , beautiful was .
tr	O	What does everyone say ? '
tr	I	He turned picture the over .
tr	O	An ambulance clearly marked St. Mary 's .
tr	O	Dylan had no idea how long they sat there before the ringing of his cell phone broke the peaceful silence around them .
tr	I	When he didn 't answer , she the opened door , gasping at the mess she saw .
tr	I	Allan pulled her into an embrace , tears his mingling with her own .
tr	I	It was hard to think of this gorgeous woman next to him family as .
tr	I	Grant started Ihad for my truck when I noticed Rush 's Range Rover .
tr	O	The only time I 'd ever eaten a mango was after I 'd sliced it up and peeled off the skin .
tr	O	She walked closer to him , and I followed her .
tr	O	The oldest at ten , she always tried to claim the passenger seat .
tr	I	She sat beneath trees the , looking like a beautiful porcelain doll .
tr	O	After all , when the dust settled , Marjorie Tench would be looking for a job .
tr	I	In this case , Ron thought it best to simply hang back and tail her .
tr	O	However , fact was not as uplifting as fiction , and Mr Peabody was no Mr Rochester .
tr	O	You weren 't raised to confront murderers and monsters .
tr	O	Chapter Six It was Chloe .
tr	O	The mind reader nodded , and I wondered what he was hearing in Jane 's head .
tr	O	And speculation would run rampant ; I couldn 't even imagine the things people would make up to explain Jane 's inexplicable legacy .
tr	I	The man liked his lines which was surprising not since he drew buildings for a living .
tr	I	Look at this place sixty after years of self-rule .
tr	O	As Connor exited the bar he watched Takeo remain in the same place .
tr	O	And she knew she needed to do some heavy thinking about her own pride where Ford was concerned .
tr	O	Ah , thought Vimes .
tr	I	Providence finally plopped down in her chair and bounced it toward edge the of the kitchen table .
tr	O	Barefoot , Linda staggered avoiding collision with the coffee table .
tr	I	But he didn 't for head the door .
tr	O	Turn on a shower , she 'll stand under it .
tr	I	I meant to call James , my mind was on him even I as got half undressed and fell facedown on top of my covers .
tr	I	In sky the , in the sea .
tr	O	he said , as if he couldn 't believe what he 'd just done .
tr	I	And so it shouldn 't to matter her .
tr	O	He didn 't answer .
tr	I	This mission is obviously very to important all of us .
tr	I	You could have shut the in door my face .
tr	I	Lizzie was asleep in the chair next her to bed .
tr	I	Paul took drink a , as if summoning his resolve .
tr	I	Mom took sip a of her coffee .
tr	O	His was a terrible choice -- and he hadn 't a clue of Conway Duke 's neat trap .
tr	I	Yesterday we started experiencing that same again pull .
tr	O	It would have been perfect if he didn 't have a pimple the size of Texas jutting out of his chin .
tr	O	He could feel the heat of the flames and he could taste the smoke filling up his lungs .
tr	I	Ethan was distracted , so I rushed him , the but sneaky bastard anticipated my move .
tr	O	Bows groaned as the archers on the mezzanine pulled their strings taut .
tr	O	The young man who had gone to Rome so long ago had had only harsh words for himself as well as everyone around him .
tr	I	David appeared not hear to him .
tr	I	She had scarcely her interrupted work .
tr	O	Chasing after Wynn when she was destined to belong to another , well , that was an exercise in futility .
tr	I	But if he was to be of use here , he must push things a to conclusion .
tr	I	I kissed him one more time , it keeping short .
tr	I	Social chair duties , figured I .
tr	I	Asha help ... me help me please .
tr	O	Taking on a four-year-old and a teenage boy wouldn 't be easy .
tr	O	Of course he wanted to live in America !
tr	O	Only , as soon as he got out of his truck , she turned off her bedroom light .
tr	O	A shoulder protruded from beneath the sheets , and one arm was curled to her throat .
tr	I	The tents were folded and carried by young men , as it was built lightly .
tr	I	If only Owen could have realized what precious a gift his children were .
tr	O	He changed the subject again .
tr	I	For no apparent reason , she wandered up to the front door and checked the hole peep .
tr	I	It was sleek enough , but its wings were tipped with scarlet , and it had golden , eyes shining .
tr	O	Only the gods could have sent that blasted storm and accomplished such a feat .
tr	I	He saw and Barbie smiled , waving .
tr	O	Does not understand that Yumi is delicate and lovely and only here for a year .
tr	O	Jenn is going to find out !
tr	O	He was even better at keeping secrets than Ash was .
tr	I	One hundred and dollars twenty .
tr	O	They acknowledged each other or didn 't -- their alternate personalities conversing and doing ... whatever it was they did .
tr	O	A dead milky eye watched us through a hole .
tr	O	We haven 't had a big one in years and years , way before my lifetime .
tr	O	James had suffered enough bruises to realize not all of the marks were fresh .
tr	O	I kept my mocking smile firmly in place , when really my heart was damn near going to pound straight out of my chest .
tr	O	A seemingly frail man in a Charlie Chaplin suit , he had always managed to find a lot of assistance .
tr	I	Heat exploded inside her as responded he .
tr	O	An unexpected sense of relief washes over me .
tr	O	She 'd be extra kind and make him breakfast before kicking him to the curb .
tr	O	When they hook up with a guy they need him to stay around for a while .
tr	I	He wiped tears from his eyes and slapped his knee one with hand .
tr	O	Little blue eyes widened .
tr	I	The Goblin Queen burst forth out of the bushes , raising a barbed horn to her lips and a blowing long , low note .
tr	I	He groaned and said my name , spitting it in the same tone as he would curse a word .
tr	O	The last person who tried - shaking his head , he pushed the thought aside .
tr	O	I 'll give you an edge .
tr	I	Like she 's feeling everything I feeling 'm .
tr	I	Mother almost never took that tone , and it my got immediate attention .
tr	O	Temporary buildings just means they get left until someone remembers to take them down .
tr	I	So I thought if I approached him , he 'd leave and could I resume faking my good time .
tr	I	It as was if they had always been together .
tr	I	If he wanted pretend to he could do magic , that was his problem .
tr	O	She fiddled with the recorder until the red button blinked , and tried to reorient herself .
tr	I	She worked days , but her pickup truck was her in driveway .
tr	O	She called Peterson 's home number .
tr	I	Sam Vimes winced at the pain in side his .
tr	I	The other Carpathians at shifted exactly the same moment .
tr	I	Even I have to believe he isn 't doodling now right .
tr	I	He knew he 'd never himself forgive .
tr	I	He was unusually short had and a wispy white beard and hair .
tr	O	Physically , he could break the hold without effort .
tr	I	She turned to find him crouched right her beside .
tr	I	He threw the stick and aside rubbed his hands .
tr	O	Maya gasped , and the three of them turned around , spotting her there .
tr	O	His was expression unreadable as he turned to wait for her to catch up .
tr	I	We been 've attacked .
tr	I	The axe struck white the , wet , stony waterfall , and smashed through the drip of millennia .
tr	I	She can 't help feel but responsible .
tr	O	WE MADE OUR FLIGHT WITH SECONDS TO SPARE , AND THEN the true torture began .
tr	O	A second spell disabled the electrical current and unlocked the gate .
tr	I	Toss him in the lake and claim he wandered in there drowned and .
tr	I	Uncle Gary lay in hospital his bed .
tr	O	When Charles had given her that underwear ?
tr	I	I 'd learned some new powers , but nothing that could defend me my or loved ones against an attack like that .
tr	I	And certain gentle friction fabrics , which -- as it turns out -- have multiple uses and can be stimulating quite .
tr	O	Two people came together on the big square area , held onto each other 's arms , then barely moved .
tr	I	Finally Julie 's voice came behind from me .
tr	I	Do you to explain your grocer why you pick up a loaf of bread at another store ?
tr	I	I gave her a weak smile she and sighed .
tr	O	Corinne smiled up at Frank .
tr	O	I don 't know a Maddie ... what did you say the last name is ?
tr	I	Meanwhile , the boy other carefully lifted one of the wires from the trough .
tr	O	She and her husband now practice law together in their two-person firm in South Central Pennsylvania , where they live with their three young children .
tr	O	The girl 's eyes began to bleed .
tr	I	I could use it to them heal .
tr	I	The snorting of horses as they made charge a struck him with a feeling of ice cold dread .
tr	I	It seemed like Micah had more enough than weapons to spare .
tr	I	One destined to drift through life and actually never arrive anywhere . '
tr	I	To show so much of herself was first a .
tr	I	Everyone bowed to the new king , but refused you .
tr	O	But her usual spark wasn 't there , and Michael noticed immediately .
tr	I	Luc 's ears strained against the velvet night and his dried mouth .
tr	O	This was Evie Shaw , no doubt about it .
tr	O	I had brought Connor and Isabelle to Liam , who took one look at them and shut the door behind us .
tr	O	Clearly , even he had never heard of this before .
tr	O	Don 't tell me .
tr	I	I felt myself falling backwards , collapsing onto the floor as Catherine 's tightened hold around me .
tr	O	Claire asked as she turned to face Gwen Laszlo .
tr	I	I kind of got obsessed with it ... with feeling connection that .
tr	I	And she was young and healthy and able to bear many him sons .
tr	I	As the last vestiges of sunset stretched across horizon the , Aphrodite splashed in the ocean with the most beautiful man I 'd ever seen .
tr	O	Maybe because it didn 't seem real when we were standing there holding toilet paper in the dark .
tr	O	Elijah screamed , and my chest hurt .
tr	I	Echo could feel Shimmer 's hooves jarring against ground frozen .
tr	I	Rao shone directly overhead , a large square with circles four at its sides and a dot in the center .
tr	O	Making sure the ear protection was on plus the shooting glasses she assumed a two handed stance and squeezed off two quick shots .
tr	O	He was methodically reconstructing his Imperial status , only this time , his plans didn 't include the Italians .
tr	I	Why you do ask ?
tr	I	Unfortunately , he just wasn 't the right man for job the .
tr	O	He never said very much about that day , though .
tr	I	They wouldn 't together slap a chaotic protocol for that millipede - any hacker can do that .
tr	O	' There 's enough there to buy you and your family security for life . '
tr	O	The security door into his apartment was open , but he wasn 't waiting .
tr	O	I 'm one bounced check away from living in my car , I wanted to tell Shelly .
tr	I	If so , how can a horse heart 's keep pace with quicker pulse rates of the human race ?
tr	I	He bent kissed and her shoulder .
tr	I	His tired persona didn 't exclude him the from conversation going on around him .
tr	I	Talking to his was cousin supposed to help him straighten out his thoughts .
tr	I	There was too creative much energy in this room and spilling over its sides .
tr	I	Cooper grows tired of our silent exchange and slams her mug against mantle the to remind us of her presence .
tr	I	He walked faster , thinking there would be enough time to see the wall before again going to the meeting .
tr	I	When reached he the top , Guillaume was puffing .
tr	I	She closed her and eyes lowered her head , but not before he saw a tear trail down her cheek .
tr	O	She had dark brown hair pulled back into a pony tail and serious brown eyes .
tr	I	More roots had up climbed to join it now .
tr	O	Tabitha felt whatever held her wrists slacken and her hands fell freely to her sides .
tr	I	I 'm at crap that . '
tr	O	Marina , that detestable queen , had promised to set his beloved free if Zane pleased her until she grew tired of him .
tr	I	Outside , the sound the of wind roaring through the trees was chilling , because I knew what those trees could hide now .
tr	I	Julianne glanced back at me when gasped I .
tr	I	Once I was back on the ground , I at smiled the group .
tr	I	Red colored her cheeks as she snapped menu the in the direction of our server .
tr	O	A big crack , created by the latest tremor .
tr	I	Sara felt heat her flood face .
tr	I	The other man had I never met before .
tr	I	They could help against them their much quicker opponents .
tr	I	The thought of being him dead wasn 't something she wanted to accept , so she forced those thoughts aside .
tr	I	He didn pay 't attention to who was doing the talking .
tr	I	If she was about to turn crazy on me , I going was to fight back .
tr	O	But God , the pain , it must be incredible .
tr	O	Amy picks one of the powder cakes up .
tr	O	Buttercup has to rely on himself for a while , because now Prim turns her attention to me .
tr	I	At the back sliding glass door he reached out a hand steady to himself .
tr	O	' Don 't hold your breath waiting for an answer , though - ' ' I hate this , ' he complained .
tr	O	Everything stilled inside her .
tr	O	I want to move to Chicago and be a front porch there .
tr	O	It wanted only one thing , to get out of here .
tr	I	He thought 'd to take the Grand Master position and change the landscape for werewolves throughout the world .
tr	O	No one knew that better than John .
tr	I	Okay , so she if was really honest , she wanted to know how his dinner went .
tr	I	He had picked the boat which he was to going steal and he needed to go now if he were to keep the boys within his reach .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell him the truth about what I done had .
tr	O	They might have qualms about going after March with their fangs , but I have no such protection .
tr	O	Very well , let 's start with Pink Teddy Designs .
tr	O	He blinked , his vision adjusting to the dark .
tr	O	There were many funny parts in the story and we knew them all .
tr	O	That 's why she 'd felt such an inexplicable sense of magical closeness with him from the very first .
tr	O	' How long were you with her ? '
tr	O	Sam handed Noah over to Asha , who was holding her arms out for her nephew since Maddie was already holding Brianna .
tr	O	I help Dante into the passenger 's seat and he still seems pale to me .
tr	O	I froze , not sure what I 'd found when I realized I could breathe again .
tr	I	What Gray was thinking ?
tr	O	My nails scored his back as his lips crushed into mine , taking , giving .
tr	I	Chapter 9 Park Place wasn 't the expensive Monopoly real estate was I expecting .
tr	O	After picking our way down the slope , we entered the town .
tr	O	She 'd tried to stop him .
tr	O	When things go badly in the economy , there is always a swing to the right .
tr	I	Wraith only back stared at me .
tr	O	I nodded , my eyes cast down as I passed Oliver .
tr	O	It 's a relief to make simple small talk .
tr	I	She stormed to off her room .
tr	O	I was glad she was there .
tr	I	Brody nodded back Cole to .
tr	I	I rushed forward and hoped for best the .
tr	O	He lifted one of the blankets , undeniably curious about his child .
tr	I	I glanced back and we watched both a young mom or nanny pushing a tricked out stroller .
tr	I	He sipped a cup of green tea ; was it a special blend produced only for him by a local manufacturer .
tr	I	Then went I back to my apartment by myself and had a chance to really think about it .
tr	I	Matthew could stop not himself he just laid back and enjoyed the situation as it unfolded .
tr	O	I 'm number twenty .
tr	I	I cannot see ; her for God 's sake , do not let her enter ! '
tr	I	He had to figure this one on out his own .
tr	O	What was he holding ?
tr	I	Only the fire lit the with space its red and gold flickering flames .
tr	I	She can 't about know this .
tr	O	John flipped as he fell upward , landing in a crouch on the ceiling , then flipped again , landing smoothly on the floor .
tr	O	Mom ... I 'm so afraid .
tr	O	One of the most interesting men I met was Robert Schiffer , head of makeup at Disney Studios .
tr	I	Julia scared was of him ; he was a monster .
tr	I	She jumped up down and .
tr	I	I 'm sure you 're wondering what was I doing there .
tr	O	According to Marshall , Gage spends most of his time imagining me without my underwear , and I keep wondering what he looks like with them on .
tr	I	The increasingly successful I systems speak of are never completely successful .
tr	O	The air smells like burned rubber .
tr	O	There was little remaining .
tr	I	After all , my told sons me your wolf is a burnished gray .
tr	O	Sam 's voice was insistent in my head , but I wasn 't listening .
tr	O	Man , I wanted to kill Max a few times .
tr	I	He had the widest I back think I have ever seen on a man .
tr	I	Ali 's diary buried was precisely in the middle , just as it had been yesterday .
tr	I	It was a all charade , and it made him sick .
tr	O	And we didn 't want to lose our jobs or get thrown in the loony bin .
tr	O	The post was in response to the clamour for exposure of the true nature of his cause .
tr	I	A smile his cracked face .
tr	I	Rainier 't wasn stupid .
tr	I	His gaze crawled over my face , and the lines around his eyes deepened , as did furrow the between his brows .
tr	O	Her eyebrows raise and I realize I shouldn 't have said that .
tr	O	I 'm at the Day Centre and Mags suggested a game of strip bingo to the oldies and they 've taken her up on it .
tr	O	Snow piles against the back entrances of the dark brick buildings glowed in the pale moonlight .
tr	I	He couldn remember 't .
tr	I	God has to be good and of full love .
tr	I	He a had big smile at this point .
tr	I	Her was heart thudding with slow , sickening power against her ribs .
tr	O	He made it sound like a fact .
tr	I	They walked up to their together sister .
tr	O	He paused outside the patio door , listening to the hearts beating inside the house .
tr	O	She sank deeper in the mire of desire and desperation .
tr	I	He his shook head as he reached for her .
tr	O	Then , she would turn to a compass heading of 106 degrees magnetic and sail the remaining distance at an estimated average speed of 6.2 knots .
tr	I	What would think they of me ?
tr	O	The blonde doesn 't even know what hit her .
tr	I	Lucien avoided looking at the tapestry ; he did not care to see more burning heretics .
tr	I	In fact , for the first time , I notice just how the abandoned whole block is .
tr	I	When they were both on the floor , they did high fives and each hugged other lightly for their success .
tr	I	Several others from the community had taken the job in Shirley Walker peach 's and grapefruit groves .
tr	I	Rich had followed suit , marrying Jamie some with idiotic idea of being a sperm donor for her baby .
tr	I	We have employees 3,000 .
tr	O	Her mind merge was tentative at first , her touch so light and delicate it felt like the brush of butterfly wings .
tr	I	He dragged his up lips my neck , and then brought our faces close together .
tr	O	He stared into the fire , offering her his profile , the cheek without the scar .
tr	I	I knew that wasn 't only the sex we would be having , besides , there wasn 't anyone sleeping at our place .
tr	O	It had a particular smell , thick and cloying , like a stagnant pond grown black and green with dying things .
tr	O	Would I even be able to feel him ?
tr	O	The raised voice of the sergeant , abruptly cut off , then the corporal 's screams were the next sounds he heard .
tr	I	I had the good sense keep to that thought private though .
tr	I	He looked back over his at shoulder two hundred and fourteen wagons like the one he currently endured .
tr	O	He noted the faded patch on its left shoulder , a crimson flamed star , with two crossed swords .
tr	O	' Now , the names of your parents and employer and their phone numbers . '
tr	O	Lea threw a left jab at Tania , who dodged it by leaning back .
tr	O	Ash started across the street , dodging one car and forcing another to a hasty and noisy stop .
tr	I	I shouted but my went words unheeded .
tr	I	Starting his at collar , I trace his tattoos , ever so slowly , up , up , up .
tr	I	It seemed that while she had been unconscious Kris had killed and everyone everything he could find , bringing it here to stack around her .
tr	I	But didn she 't .
tr	I	Let 's just get where inside it 's warmer .
tr	I	Karl was moody a fellow .
tr	O	Happy that you can spend the rest of your life in ignorant bliss .
tr	I	Finally the rain down tumbled , the sky vibrating from the rumbles of thunder and lightning came dangerously close to the boat .
tr	I	Only when he 'd disengaged did he settle her carefully on the mattress , a pillow under her cheek where his chest been had .
tr	O	To wait until after the event would , he believed , completely eradicate any thought of desertion from the ranks and so make his infiltrators less credible .
tr	O	Peter made cute babies , and she wouldn 't change them for the world .
tr	I	Leslie reached across the desk , her hand resting on mine , it squeezing briefly .
tr	O	He watched as she placed the torch in a metal ring devised for that purpose .
tr	I	To predict the movements of one we cannot detect , we must the predict movements of those closest to him .
tr	I	I think it called was the West Coast Waterfront Strike ?
tr	I	Eduardo out peeked again , his eyes wide as he pressed his forehead against the glass to stare at us .
tr	O	They were able to reconfigure their biological structure and become a part of foreign matter such as , stone and metals and even pass through them .
tr	O	The pleasure at seeing his naked body .
tr	O	A4 ( Rabbit ) : Listen you little shits !
tr	I	I had two the of best friends in the world .
tr	O	I asked for ... helpful assistants . '
tr	O	It would make another pure blood vampire .
tr	O	Trying to save Vaughn .
tr	O	Then her hand crashes into my cheek .
tr	O	The ground was slippery and quite a few times both of us slipped on wet tree limbs on the ground .
tr	O	There was a slight bit of angst in my tone as I spoke .
tr	I	The who man possessed no sense of humor , and he would not appreciate finding his lead contractor nak * d .
tr	O	It struck Mandy how comfortable and homey the room was .
tr	I	Uriel loved ocean the .
tr	I	It 's a short letter my in handwriting , addressed to Charlie .
tr	O	That 's what happens when you have a massive home covered in polished marble flooring .
tr	O	Rick hauled Kendall out of her seat and into his arms .
tr	O	Who knows what she ´ ll do next ?
tr	I	She felt weak and tired but mostly to glad see him , to know he was still here and sleeping beside her .
tr	O	Will he still visit ?
tr	O	In an instant , he became a part of me , and I a part of him .
tr	O	She had done a lot of investigations and knew how difficult it was to win the confidence of someone whose family member has been kidnapped .
tr	I	A few days later Clare found him in the cafe again and told him she sending was a letter to the family .
tr	O	She speaks in Latin so fast it sounds like one long word , while her hand is spooling my hair around something in her hand .
tr	I	Only the left poison .
tr	I	Being tossed out of a high bunk was a rough way to start 's anyone day .
tr	I	But for the city , it might well as as be as large as a football field .
tr	O	That left Bear and I searching for a way back to headquarters .
tr	O	I wanted to kick myself for being so self-absorbed and not truly understanding how difficult the transition from enlisted Marine to casual civilian must be for him .
tr	O	I lay my head down on Michael , my ear against his heart .
tr	O	He smiled back at me and handed me the coffee mug .
tr	O	she asked , her veneer of control cracking and giving way to a sob .
tr	I	Now , have I to go .
tr	O	The doctor suggested I give up football .
tr	O	He bowed briskly , turning towards Jack and fixing him with searching grey eyes .
tr	I	It 's ... it tipping 's the balance .
tr	I	It 's all different so here .
tr	I	But get you over here at nightfall , you hear me ?
tr	O	It had been so much easier to tell Gansey , when it felt like it didn 't really matter .
tr	I	The robe disappeared , leaving her in the lace white .
tr	I	He should have turned his back and been done with it , he but lingered .
tr	I	Sabine stared at up the light above her .
tr	O	Across the road , you 'll find the Episcopal Church , the local medical clinic , and the only bar in town .
tr	O	We laid there and talked about how beautiful our love making was and how I felt different .
tr	I	The Elders are very on clear this ; under no circumstances are we to honour this request .
tr	I	Titus hopped down from his eagle and the rest of their party -- twelve Warrior in Fae all -- followed suit .
tr	I	Throughout his years in high school and even in college he was a standout from the rest of existing mediocrity beside him .
tr	I	She had enough money to live on while she found a job , and despite the tight market job , her resume was impressive .
tr	I	But if Evelyn was grieving , Elizabeth would sense that , and she 't didn feel any sorrow from Evelyn at the moment .
tr	O	Anything to separate him from his father .
tr	I	I bugged his system become to famous within the world of hackers , within the world of anonymous hackers .
tr	O	His blazing kiss numbed her lips and made her body writhe with desire .
tr	I	I his pondered question .
tr	O	This story is first and foremost a romance , the body of which revolves around the sorrows , dreams , and emotional healings of its characters .
tr	O	She let out a breath , focused on Dagmar .
tr	O	I 'd known love and safety .
tr	I	The force of the water had pushed the Eagle over , and within seconds it was on side its .
tr	O	The mother walks in , sees me crying , and she knows , her little girl is gone .
tr	I	My eyes mirrored fear his .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to watch but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	I	Dawson was big some coal mine owner , with operations located throughout the Appalachian Mountains .
tr	I	To Brice 's astonishment Skyler father 's seemed to crumple before Gabriel .
tr	O	Theoretically possible at the speed of light squared .
tr	I	I was not any more afraid at night than was I in the daytime , for sure .
tr	I	No sign of the guns , but the scarves still covered faces their and Alfie was carrying a bag .
tr	O	And the thought of a future with him .
tr	I	Renna studied the man 's expensive uniform , the private garage , his own ninja personal army .
tr	I	A shout second directed their attention .
tr	I	On the other hand , it is quite a bargain when you consider the duration of your stay expected .
tr	O	It was cool and just weighty enough to be intriguing .
tr	I	His affection for Velda and Inez was obvious , as was their affection for the young man had they seen grow to adulthood .
tr	I	I knew that he looking kept over at me but I avoided his eyes , I was afraid of what effect it would have on me .
tr	O	It wasn 't just any God .
tr	I	Max his threw head back and laughed .
tr	I	I put out a finger to ring the and doorbell noticed my hand was trembling .
tr	I	They had their overcome daunting pasts to replace rage with serenity .
tr	O	The decorations didn 't match because they came from her mother and father 's belongings of which she had practically nothing .
tr	O	I pushed myself up , standing to survey the area .
tr	I	One that we had out mapped .
tr	O	Hell , her anger would be a hundred times better than everything else he 'd been imagining .
tr	O	I silently willed him to walk away while my heart begged him to stay .
tr	I	His smile was fainter , wistful almost .
tr	I	Thank for you not letting me slip away .
tr	O	Time to be alert and ready for action .
tr	O	Rob 's arms were crossed and he looked dark .
tr	O	Grey 's jaw had a hard edge to it .
tr	I	She grabbed the last bit of painting paraphernalia from the hall and followed sounds the of laughter up the stairs .
tr	O	I wonder if the injury that has been done to her can ever be healed .
tr	I	Watched his stomach strain against the tight shirt as he also moved around trying to comfort find .
tr	I	Joey had answered question this a thousand times to himself , his friends , and his mother .
tr	O	Sam kept busy most days , plus he was married and had a different life .
tr	O	If I had time and plenty of breath , I could twist off all his claws , rendering him harmless .
tr	O	Just dressing and thinking of him touching her hiked her heart rate .
tr	O	Your father and I are so worried about you .
tr	O	Feeling very stiff , Erik shifted his weight on the hard seat .
tr	I	I guzzled down it .
tr	O	For a long moment , I forgot the others in the room and stared out at the busy New York streets below me .
tr	I	She goes back down stairs the .
tr	O	Beck said something with a flirtatious tilt to his mouth and the girl leaned her hand on his chest and laughed , stepping into his body .
tr	O	And there came the rapid patter of the old woman 's feet !
tr	O	He 'd never be there , not until Hades allowed it .
tr	O	She waved her hand to indicate people walking along the sidewalk .
tr	I	Goon held out tub the of powder .
tr	O	He killed a French policeman who had been collaborating with the enemy .
tr	I	My had brain stopped processing information and fatigue over took my mind and before I knew it I fell asleep .
tr	O	This house is much larger than our old one , and there is not nearly enough stuff to fill it .
tr	O	She didn 't move to take it .
tr	I	Ethan says as he changes the as subject an awkward tone fills his voice .
tr	O	He ignored the pain in his back as he fought to regain control .
tr	O	Drawing a deep breath , Jane forced a calm she didn 't feel .
tr	O	Bren chasing Rema around the front garden , both of them only five years old , laughing .
tr	I	I know you better you than do . '
tr	I	It was the first time Allie had Mary heard yell at him .
tr	O	As he silently leaped from the wall , landing on him and driving the blade deep , he wished there was another way .
tr	I	They gave them all the food and water they could hold , they would need it during long their sleep .
tr	I	These don people 't want to help save themselves ?
tr	I	He stabs his needle back into the water bottle and again into his already battered and arm bruised .
tr	O	He backed up , lit a cigarette and tossed it in the fumes .
tr	O	He slipped his jacket on and grabbed his books and keys .
tr	I	None of was this important to Leslie .
tr	O	Joan growled like a caged animal .
tr	O	We had been flooded with pleas .
tr	O	Savannah being in control is important .
tr	I	She 't didn argue .
tr	O	With a sigh , Claire agreed , and let Bethan guide her back to the hostel .
tr	I	She wordlessly stepped over to the coffee pot and took the last of coffee the .
tr	O	Johnny looked at her but , negotiating traffic , Linda didn 't say more .
tr	O	The air continued to spiral around them as they ran , carrying with it the stench of burning demon .
tr	I	You have my permission to speak with her father , I but 'll not have your duties disrupted .
tr	I	Jake could also several see strategically positioned men wearing dark glasses seated nearby .
tr	I	He shouldn 't be us with .
tr	I	We are a making wall of zombies .
tr	I	She lifted the pup down from her shoulder to look into the eyes that had appealed to in Max the pet shop , asking to be loved .
tr	O	He was supposed to be protecting Fila .
tr	I	They passed into C Cylinder , on their way to bunks the .
tr	O	Hell , it was bigger than some royal castles I 'd seen on TV .
tr	I	My stomach twisted even as I finished those words , but I pushed down my fear and concentrated on not showing emotion any in front of Titania .
tr	I	The students begin to take exam the .
tr	O	All the apartments on levels 4 and 6 were now closed , their landings quiet and the interiors dark .
tr	O	What could hurt worse than the aching loneliness I struggled through every day ?
tr	O	He 'd been inside her mind , and knew her better than most of his friends , and he valued all that he knew her to be .
tr	I	Borland poured good a one .
tr	O	Her master was the local chieftain .
tr	I	There was definitely to going be another cause of death after they opened the casket .
tr	I	As as soon I rounded the corner of the bookstore though , I saw Neil standing against the building .
tr	O	He slapped down a boy with nothing but a look when that boy tried to bully the one girl who got brave enough to approach the table .
tr	O	Suddenly a tremendous smell of food filled the air .
tr	O	For which she was extremely grateful .
tr	O	Once again , I longed for the release of tears .
tr	I	Tabitha couldn wait 't any longer .
tr	O	Sitting down with his family for the first time in several weeks , tears unexpectedly come to his eyes .
tr	I	They cause a unifying of the different physical fields to change and time space .
tr	I	I his squeezed hand .
tr	O	Either the days are a lot shorter here , or I 've lost track of time .
tr	I	He sticks his out hand and I almost panic before he frowns .
tr	O	If that 's the case , I 'm sorry .
tr	I	Meg leaning was against the doorframe , watching .
tr	I	She doesn resist 't , but drinks in the smell of his cologne .
tr	I	The one who radiates presence may but be hard to live with .
tr	O	His spirit shrank until he felt small and vulnerable beyond even his scope of imagination .
tr	I	Jerry heard the soft footsteps approaching but was unable to do than more open his eyes .
tr	O	Josh grinned then got up and pulled down the covers on his side of the bed .
tr	O	she asked after she forced herself to stop gaping .
tr	I	She moved off him , as unsure these of new emotions as she was of her ability to stand up on her own two feet .
tr	I	The long corridor ended at a large square with room multiple circular tunnels in three of the walls .
tr	O	She was clearly benefiting from having me in her life too .
tr	I	I now would that you had come before , Gandalf .
tr	O	' Sorry , it is a confidence trickster 's game in my time to sell land in swamps to unsuspecting marks .
tr	O	I 'm going to get to the bottom of what went on here .
tr	I	Thankfully , Marcie always was an attentive and energetic partner .
tr	I	The only way he was going anywhere was in a really big wagon pulled by a cavalry whole of horses .
tr	O	Those who would take advantage of such a situation arose from the desert .
tr	O	It rockets through the train and howls around my ears .
tr	I	Wished it that weren 't just me and her .
tr	O	I 've still got some checking into all that to do .
tr	O	Nathaniel was pleased Madeline had instructed Eloise not to answer the door to strangers , though he doubted she 'd listen .
tr	I	Where I would go ?
tr	I	You don 't look old enough to be librarian a .
tr	I	She trudged back indoors and went into the small room just off the where kitchen many of the utility items were stored .
tr	I	That why is you sent Erin off .
tr	I	I had said simply honestly and .
tr	O	Then they leapt back onto me just in time for me to see that I 'd decapitated two out of the three ghouls .
tr	I	Jane had removed the heavy clothing she 'd worn during their assault in Marseille and had changed a into clingy dress .
tr	O	His eyes a soft dim light for them .
tr	O	What they say goes .
tr	O	It was a lovely place , flanked by a carpet of thick green grass and tall willow trees .
tr	O	One of them could have found it .
tr	I	' How many times do I have say to it ? '
tr	O	It 's supposed to be a dark and perilous journey you go on , but I think Nick 's right and you 'd better stick around here .
tr	I	I startle when the buzzer sounds the minute I 'm talking done , signaling the end of therapy .
tr	I	Where could be they if they weren 't at the house ?
tr	I	It was not that he did not think about them , it was that they had simply faded from mind his .
tr	O	It 's because she 's holding Ella , I realize .
tr	I	Tanya paused for moment a , thinking .
tr	O	Antonio was still staring aimlessly into the distance .
tr	I	Thank you for respecting the hard work of author this .
tr	I	Faye understand could why Louise had walked away that morning .
tr	O	Half his face was burned and bubbling where he must have been sprayed with iron powder or rock salt .
tr	O	As fast as paws can leap !
tr	O	In the starlit darkness , Chris smiled .
tr	O	A woman 's question from the next aisle distracted Burton .
tr	I	Who hell the had talked ?
tr	I	The of drama his thoughts wrung a laugh from his lips .
tr	O	I left the house , taking in deep breaths of crisp air .
tr	I	' They don 't look that bad , know you . '
tr	I	Nearly out jumping of his shoes , Tappan lost hold of his hammer .
tr	O	He was just being friendly , she thought .
tr	O	Center of the river , both banks visible in the distance , a sun rising ahead , toward the east , the fog all but gone .
tr	O	I knew I should get the dog out as soon as possible , because if my mom came home and saw him she would have a fit .
tr	O	I knew most of the people with flats there were well-to-do enough to take taxis everywhere if they wanted .
tr	O	Her mom was like that a lot of times .
tr	I	The was tallest a beefy black man .
tr	O	he yelled , knocking the fork out of her hands and tackling her , sending both of them sailing into the flour .
tr	O	Rage overtook Susan 's curiosity .
tr	I	he asked glad to have avoided any retribution for his to failure find Lodge .
tr	O	He 'll kill me .
tr	O	Shocked by the strength behind her words , I struggle to form a coherent response .
tr	I	Sunlight hurts eyes my .
tr	I	Chapter Sixteen I stumble into worsening the storm .
tr	O	A living , breathing total package .
tr	O	My hand curled in the air .
tr	O	' There is one power , master elf , and it , being single , cannot be opposed .
tr	I	The guard in his green jacket held his head in a slight as bow he listened to Jake , sometimes talking but mostly listening .
tr	O	She made the sandwich , mumbling like a junior Ann , and at the last moment included an extra pickle .
tr	O	That was good information but it didn 't gladden my heart .
tr	O	Indeed , the lure compelling Morgan to bolt from the kitchen and hole up in her bedroom making and taking calls was strong .
tr	I	The throne itself was more opulent , despite the scarcity of precious due metals to the war .
tr	O	The smell of cigarette smoke filled the air .
tr	O	Hopefully it would establish a trail of incriminating evidence .
tr	I	Mothers marrying is morons on the rise .
tr	I	Sam had to off fight the exuberant Russell Terrier as he bounced around her then threw up his paws , almost knocking her over .
tr	O	He was everything she could have ever wanted and so much more .
tr	O	And if that were the case , my gut told me that they wouldn 't hesitate to do anything to rectify the problem .
tr	I	Vann mouth 's thinned .
tr	I	The early afternoon sun crested over the band of trees pine and live oaks bordering the stretch of cement .
tr	I	His reply was a low growl that vibrated all way the to her marrow .
tr	O	She 's still staring at the unfamiliar house .
tr	O	Soon there was a busy shuttle service operating .
tr	I	He didn 't fazed seem .
tr	O	Markus and Tanya wouldn 't have ever let that one slide .
tr	I	That was when the light turned green and the sign gave me permission to walk away from Freddy , which did I .
tr	I	I asked , but the men returned we and focused our attention to them .
tr	O	Even though he knew I loved him .
tr	I	As if I 'd be dumb enough to actually an use office computer to keep a file that could get me fired or sent to prison .
tr	I	There were hearts on either side of names our .
tr	O	From the map , Gwen had seen they were close to several larger cities .
tr	O	Her hand trailed to his chest .
tr	O	She could be out of line and take decisions that her bosses won 't allow in normal circumstances and blame the situation for that .
tr	O	By the time Sandra and Dr. Homes made it back to the ship everyone was at the hatch to greet them .
tr	O	The past couple of weeks , I would arrive at his office at a quarter to six and bring dinner with me .
tr	O	She didn 't have to say anything .
tr	I	I jumped out of the bed walked and to my wardrobe .
tr	O	While you were sending me postcards from New York and London and Los Angeles , I was trying to save enough money to get my hair cut .
tr	I	The of possibility being kidnapped and tortured obviously added a new dimension to the projects .
tr	O	We part ways at the top of the stairway .
tr	O	I cooperated , walking back inside with a sigh .
tr	O	The Nolan she remembered from the days of their courtship , the newspaper reporter who always seemed to be frowning at her for one reason or another .
tr	O	When we began our chess match , I can 't say , but now that it is on , today will mark her end .
tr	O	She would see it through .
tr	O	But when he slid his hands into his pockets instead of reaching for me , I stopped .
tr	I	From second the story window , there was a clear view out over the water .
tr	I	He looked back the at monitor .
tr	O	He seemed be either a little shy or a little embarrassed as he held his head down and stuck out his hand to shake her extended hand .
tr	I	Certainly there dwells something better in me than the appetites that insist my upon eyes and hands .
tr	O	Then he faced the sun .
tr	O	Cole had been so good for Jeff , so wonderful to her .
tr	O	After the regular six-minute delay , the signal linked directly through to Houston , without interstitial encoding or other evasive techniques .
tr	O	I hope you have a wonderful honeymoon with Paul and a great marriage . '
tr	I	His sounded voice louder as he released that button and talked only to me .
tr	O	He was smiling at her so she guessed he didn 't mind .
tr	I	I covered for you , thinking it was just mistake a I made by trying out something you discovered .
tr	I	He had his last man pinned to the snow and repeatedly was hammering an elbow down into the man 's face .
tr	I	I wrap arms my around myself to keep myself warm , wishing I had brought a jumper with me .
tr	I	She must have looked like peacock a , set for a fight .
tr	O	This had to be done .
tr	I	I would rather end this , than be hurt you by again .
tr	O	She hugged her purse to her chest and looked at the floor , she couldn 't look at Mike .
tr	I	Now that he 'd let his guard down , feelings to rose the surface that he 'd pushed down .
tr	O	Looking at the child burbling up at his mother , he had a Eureka moment .
tr	O	Her bounding steps were unaffected by the rough ground .
tr	I	asked Simon , although unsure if it was good a idea as for some unknown reason Kiara also came to mind .
tr	O	People get divorces , they remarry , stay here , keep going to church .
tr	O	Rome ignored their reactions .
tr	O	Jimmy walked a few more yards forward and came to the edge of a small cliff .
tr	O	Listen , I build computers .
tr	O	I moaned as I gripped the towel to steady myself .
tr	O	I beg you , end my life and set me free .
tr	O	I stepped back and took my hands off him .
tr	I	I had to know what angel the had said who had come to my mother .
tr	I	Since she was no longer bothering to put down me , I figured she was doing it to get Balthazar to look at her .
tr	I	His tracked eyes the motion of the small jet as it rose and was swallowed by the clouds .
tr	I	Her head disappeared into refrigerator the as she started digging around .
tr	O	Rage swept through her .
tr	I	Or that I AIDS have .
tr	I	To amazement her so had the painting .
tr	O	To prove I wasn 't some insane candy freak , I poured half of the gummies back into the tureen .
tr	I	Today was the day the of final match between Hudson and Channing .
tr	O	His eyes never left hers .
tr	O	Her brother understood and agreed with her decision to end her marriage .
tr	I	Though read I a book each day , Orson kept constant pressure on me to read faster .
tr	O	I tilted the map in his direction .
tr	O	' It 'd be worth it as a loss leader , ' said IIb .
tr	I	He could fit in just with about anyone , anywhere .
tr	I	Hester watched him in the mirror , waiting for remorse the to cross his expressive features .
tr	I	He pulled me again back , resting my head against his chest and stroking my hair .
tr	I	I sick was to my stomach and deserved it .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be that carefree about the situation if it had been his fault .
tr	I	Her was heart still uneasy .
tr	I	They might have even known each if other Mr. Deville had grown up in the Palm Grove area .
tr	O	Pumping his feet , he surged upward , bubbles streaming past in the murky underwater until ... He burst free from the icy clamp of the underworld .
tr	I	They not are looking to point the finger of blame .
tr	O	It seemed like the only time her bus ever ran on schedule was when she was running late .
tr	I	She shook legs her alive and pulled out her comm , attempting to call the others .
tr	O	I lift the edge of my sleeve .
tr	I	Like Crystal name 's , it fit her precisely , as pristine and refined as a fine diamond .
tr	O	He said I could stay at his place for a while while I figured out what was best . '
tr	I	But I saw the lie in eyes his .
tr	O	Coop held out a small canvas bag .
tr	O	A searing pain tore through my lower back .
tr	O	But , I don 't understand her sometimes .
tr	O	Like every morning , she had just enough time to run down to the local café and grab a cup of coffee before her client arrived .
tr	O	His hair was all over the place and his lips were inviting .
tr	I	John Paul noticed Markman 's stare interrupted and the moment .
tr	I	But he his kept head , despite the very unpleasant sensation , and managed to seize hold of the tree in his jaws and wrest it away .
tr	I	Shane said , noticing him but not his stopping routine .
tr	I	It wasn 't often they carefree had moments anymore .
tr	I	Could no one simply do as were they told ?
tr	O	There are hardly any sentences that I have to read twice .
tr	I	Most horses 't won walk backwards voluntarily , because what they can 't see doesn 't exist .
tr	O	The screen lit up .
tr	I	But then Mira realized the that haze wasn 't smog .
tr	O	In the candlelight her skin would glow with the pale luster of fine porcelain .
tr	O	Or would she flounder in agony and unfulfilled dreams for the rest of her life ?
tr	I	On the horizon , you could see the residence of the German chancellor the and many lights of the big city .
tr	O	He showed them through the house Cheyenne had previously seen from the entryway and only in the dark .
tr	O	The rest of us followed , me taking the rear as usual .
tr	I	No to need mention it was peppermint tea .
tr	O	Knew it and welcomed it .
tr	I	I more felt depressed than I had ever felt in my life .
tr	I	We tried make to it look we 'd gone up the Red . '
tr	I	She turns , spotting a dead branch on the next tree aims and for it .
tr	O	I had to use the mind slipper technique on him again to wake him up .
tr	I	He to crossed the window .
tr	O	Miranda was beginning to understand why the girl 's relatives hadn 't come to the airport for her .
tr	I	He cleaned himself up , tucked himself back in his pants , and walked over to the sink and washed hands his .
tr	I	He suspected he that didn 't want something so easily breakable in his hands when Victor finally got to the point of this little tete a tete .
tr	I	It me caught off guard .
tr	O	So ... A rustling in the woods not far away sent her pulse racing .
tr	I	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to persons real , living or dead is coincidental .
tr	O	She buried herself in work , stayed home with Robert , and tried to believe it would get better .
tr	I	After undressing , he climbed bed into with her .
tr	O	I BELIEVE ... NOTHING .
tr	O	Like a ravenous carnivore , you feed on the fallen victim until you 're full .
tr	I	Disciplined men were normally not rash .
tr	O	The girl sitting next to him was touching his arm .
tr	I	She paused in upper the hallway , leaning against the wall and closing her eyes .
tr	O	Unwilling to look either of them in the eye , I pretend I am busy fishing for a piece of sausage in my bowl .
tr	I	Maps and navigational instruments have scattered been across it .
tr	O	What was she thinking ?
tr	I	He received it gravely , and they still at looked each other in the same attitude .
tr	I	Charlie realizes that this is girl one of the designers show models .
tr	I	He the shut door behind him .
tr	I	He 't can die .
tr	I	Do not make me face a life of without emptiness you again .
tr	I	The truth surprised her , as much the as fact that she 'd spoken the words aloud .
tr	O	I didn 't have much practice at matchmaking , but Trey and Angeline obviously weren 't having success getting over each other .
tr	O	There was no way to know whether we were in danger , or I might have left it be .
tr	O	I was on a precipice .
tr	I	Tavi waited until she left had to ease himself out of the tub .
tr	O	The lights go off and I find myself on my knees , my leggings ripping open on the cold hard floor .
tr	O	He tossed the jeweled dagger into the air .
tr	I	the answer came in a low , voice deep .
tr	I	He to turned Judge Williams .
tr	I	Dive a deeper little .
tr	O	There seems to be an instinctual need to see the hips and legs .
tr	O	I 'm pretty careful about who I sleep with .
tr	I	But now the memories came back flowing , these strands were almost identical to the ones that once covered his head .
tr	I	They popped into chat the .
tr	O	Everyone moved away from the back and grabbed seats .
tr	I	We took our seats and I introduced Dee the to regulars at our table .
tr	I	Well , he 'd just have learn to when no meant exactly that .
tr	I	- I did as instructed she and closed my eyes .
tr	O	A few powerboats droned back and forth .
tr	I	The tiredness made feel him unnaturally old and vulnerable .
tr	O	I get there earlier than Doug and order a cup of coffee .
tr	I	Grabbing anything of value and shoving it into backpack his .
tr	O	' The city belongs to its people . '
tr	O	Marianne laughed and Leslie joined her .
tr	O	Nikolai had lost weight , his face turning gaunt , his muscles flagging .
tr	O	Penny stared at the roofline in the corner , listening to the clamoring and scrape of claws .
tr	I	I think you should though , get to down the crash site .
tr	I	I know how to answer the Chancellor 's blackmail , and how stall to the Colonies .
tr	O	It is your mother I fear for .
tr	O	' Actually , I was just being flippant , ' said Maurice , ' but I can do sarcastic if you like . '
tr	I	His fumbled efforts at intended rape had decided Meg on her plan actions of .
tr	I	Our movements are gradual and careful but we have get to out of here before the two I just killed are missed .
tr	I	It hurt to stretch , so I withdrew and hugged my arms to tight myself .
tr	O	' It 's already been taken care of , father , ' she told me in that offensively superior tone of hers .
tr	I	' I think first they will be having baths , and dinners rests , Minos .
tr	O	I managed not to grind my teeth as I said it .
tr	O	She reached the diorama in a few steps and scrambled up on it .
tr	I	But they were also masters of big the lie .
tr	O	His forehead furrowed and he thumbed the crinkles between his eyebrows as if battling a headache .
tr	I	Jenny pulled me aside as I came Pete into 's awhile later .
tr	O	He touched the screen where the YMCA was and drew his finger upwards .
tr	I	His slow breath in returning , and he even feared the taste of blood in his throat .
tr	O	I asked if she remembered a Britt Larsen .
tr	O	But she 'd brought Liam into this , because for some unknown reason , she trusted him more than anyone .
tr	O	At that time she was trying to enslave vampires , much like today , but then she was going after the Council directly .
tr	O	She gestured around her .
tr	O	They didn 't even slow down .
tr	I	He gave a shrug lopsided .
tr	I	Immediately there was low-slung a chaise with soft cushions in front of her .
tr	I	There appear did to be a platform ten or twenty feet up .
tr	O	( Past ) Sitting at her side he wanted to launch straight into a renewal of their intimacy but he didn 't know how .
tr	O	Richard forced a nod .
tr	O	Another giant with another bag stepped forward and pulled out a similar torch .
tr	I	He looked up in hayloft the .
tr	I	While Amber brushed her hair in the bedroom mirror , Michael emerged upon the sound of the toilet -- flushing hadn 't even washed his hands !
tr	O	Thankfully the town was quiet .
tr	I	She saw him tighten brows his to check out her pattern .
tr	O	Gabriel would make sure this man would never harm her , would in fact die to save her .
tr	I	I squeeze my lids shut tight for a moment , to track her as would I prey on a hunt .
tr	O	Gus asked and looked from Alice to Nicholas .
tr	I	It was vintage , probably nearing a hundred years old and had been recently purchased from an estate sale .
tr	I	As a child I used to think of my mom and Mags as the moon and the sun , dark and versus cool warm and bright .
tr	O	Enjoy teasing him more than I 'd ever enjoyed telling another uptight guy dirty jokes .
tr	O	Chewy tossed his bag by Clint 's side , smiled and skipped down the rest of the hall to the records office .
tr	I	If she an expected apology or a mournful look she got neither .
tr	I	' I 'm going to kill you slowly when get I down from here .
tr	O	She 'd given no indication that she needed to go to the lavatory , wanted water , was hungry , was fatigued , or even fearful .
tr	O	Rebecca 's gaze followed his .
tr	O	The second he lets go my hand , I feel like I 've lost something .
tr	I	His voice strained was , quiet .
tr	I	So please let 's not have this again happen .
tr	I	The truth was that there was a of lot him to like .
tr	I	I smiled as he spoke , looking at up the sky .
tr	O	A girl needed to use her head .
tr	I	This was one of the questions David going was to ask Xavier .
tr	O	Her mother had died a few years ago in a factory accident .
tr	O	Her younger sister Katie , on the other hand , reveled in the constant activity in their home .
tr	O	His eyebrows furrow and his face has become tough .
tr	I	Would he have backed out of picking me if up he had been home ?
tr	O	Lucian held her tightly , reassuring her physically as well as mentally .
tr	I	He began pulling the back string .
tr	I	' He not 's the Cheerful Fairy or anything . '
tr	I	When I come out of bathroom the the floor is spinning .
tr	O	She closed her eyes .
tr	I	He tossed them onto the red silk bedspread , next to the heavy book religious with ornate golden swirls .
tr	O	He smelled really good .
tr	I	I him showed my teeth .
tr	I	One snap and it would be all over .
tr	I	There were no doors anymore and I could see right through the house to the wall of the in maze the back yard .
tr	O	The blood had drained from Washington 's face .
tr	O	I feel the huge smile spread over my face .
tr	O	It was kind of irritating to have a person who could read me almost as well as I could read others .
tr	I	Mamma would find out sooner later or that the Angel was a fraud anyway .
tr	O	Whatever this is , it 's about me not you . '
tr	O	She 'd just made love .
tr	O	I delved my hands deeper into the tangles of his hair , trying to snatch him back , but he shook me .
tr	I	The elegant sweep of brow his and proud curve of his nose .
tr	O	One is a portrait of Mama , Daddy , two children , and four senior citizens at a picnic .
tr	I	Dan jokes that he 's doomed , but secretly , I think misses he all the female companionship .
tr	I	I sit on it when put I my shoes on in the morning .
tr	I	Lights flickered to life on the underbelly of the ship collector .
tr	I	And I was okay going with the hard way .
tr	O	He held up a hand as soon as he had said that .
tr	O	Nikolas ground out between clenched teeth .
tr	I	It was a contraption that hung the from ceiling of a house we walked through .
tr	O	The white clock face appeared to be working and told me the time was not yet two in the afternoon .
tr	I	Didn 't you find my family 's omniscience total and recall a trifle overdone ?
tr	I	There are in clothes the closet .
tr	I	You were always there working , eating and sleeping these with terrible people .
tr	O	I persevered with the Discos and Dances but what was the use ?
tr	O	Her flesh felt like it was being unwound in strips .
tr	I	The woman yelled Amity at and I cringed .
tr	O	I should be home for a little bit tomorrow .
tr	I	She 'd already seen the size it of , and knew exactly what it looked like .
tr	I	Tonight , could I be whoever I wanted to be .
tr	O	If Edwin hadn 't been a Londoner for most of his adult life he would have found Vancouver to be both imposing and impressive in equal measure .
tr	I	Anyway I 'm not eager to spread how around I was taken in by that old woman .
tr	I	He knew there was someone inside his operation , and he nervous was .
tr	I	He a rubs hand over his shaved head .
tr	I	He looks better even in candlelight , if that 's possible .
tr	I	' Your expression says all it .
tr	I	Bond to moved the edge of the bed .
tr	O	She had wanted to apologize many many times , but neither of them wanted to be reminded of their time there .
tr	O	Nothing could go wrong from here .
tr	I	The merchants in the nearby camp had hurried to escape , their packing things and whipping their horses to set off as soon as they could .
tr	I	Desks hastily were abandoned in the frantic rush to exits .
tr	I	Mac 's aunt tried to distract the twins by enticing them up to the viewing platform to see city the lights .
tr	I	Janie that got shy look on her face that Dillon thought was cute but she wasn 't all that uncomfortable being naked there with him .
tr	O	But what did it really matter in the end ?
tr	I	' The trip here take will hours and hours . '
tr	O	No one there will want any harm to come to her .
tr	O	With a big boom , I am though the wall opening .
tr	O	They 'd escaped the fire in time .
tr	I	I pulled a smile my onto face .
tr	O	In the dim light of the museum it caught the spotlights on the exhibits , twinkling as if with its own light .
tr	O	Sara picked her words as she went along .
tr	I	' Would you like to in come ? '
tr	I	She scratched the side of her neck and a swatted fly away .
tr	I	I 'll meet there you .
tr	O	She 'd texted Chloe five times since the swim meet , but Chloe hadn 't written back .
tr	O	Mille crossed his arms over his chest .
tr	O	Night after night with Sid , talking poetry because she couldn 't sleep and neither could he .
tr	I	He held the small bunch of in keys his hand .
tr	I	My stomach flipped , and felt I bile gathering in my mouth .
tr	O	My hands slide up his wrists to clasp his .
tr	I	I was thirteen when he 'd come first to visit with Logan in tow .
tr	O	But his wedding was still moving forward , with no sign of doubt on his part .
tr	I	Keller felt very warm , and she sure was her face was flushed .
tr	O	The scene would have seemed completely normal , except the young man was also wearing a pointed hat made out of tin foil .
tr	I	But she had to stay , had she to know .
tr	O	Kat watched in silence as the man from the museum scurried through the swinging doors , leaving Hale and Garrett alone among the paint and the brushes .
tr	I	But you never can guess how might they manifest themselves .
tr	I	She shaking starts her head .
tr	O	Too many women were slipping through the cracks .
tr	O	I decided then and there it would never happen to me .
tr	I	I wondered if that was record a for him .
tr	I	An enormous , amazing creature , with a silver mane of hair that gleamed in the morning sunshine and nearly swept the shaking at ground its feet .
tr	I	They lived in Romania mostly , as did Jag and Mary ; I suspected it was my arrival that prompted had their visit .
tr	I	I know I 've been missing a for while , and I 'm sure you 're pissed as hell .
tr	I	To prove it , I pinched my then arm hissed when the pain came through loud and clear .
tr	O	He told the nurse he had an intolerable craving for some beef broth .
tr	I	There thirty were other lords or masters of lands , both large and small .
tr	O	She 'd heard so much about them .
tr	O	How could Sini access the portals ?
tr	I	A woman black with hair and eyes full of concern .
tr	O	They 'd been good enough , for cops .
tr	I	He wasn 't the I jerk had always thought he was .
tr	I	I study front the of my black birthday envelope .
tr	I	I on the other hand felt the same as Catriona , but was prepared to use his and contacts put up with his annoying nuances .
tr	O	Vee was shouting at me , but it came from far away , an underwater sound .
tr	I	He sees the worry cross my face he and laughs .
tr	O	When that movie was over , I decided to drop acting and pick up stunts .
tr	O	With one last thankful glance at them , one she shared , he swept her up in his arms .
tr	O	The parents worked , the children studied at school , grandmother did the housework and the Star of faith shined brightly above them .
tr	O	As he pulled away from the curb .
tr	I	Matteo accompanied me to every home game , and heckling the basically stopped .
tr	O	I feel my heart drop into my stomach at the thought of him married .
tr	I	Jenna and I ourselves let into the church office .
tr	O	She wants nothing to do with the project , nervous about being labeled as a freak .
tr	I	I didn have 't any pepper spray , but the old man Aaron , gave me his .
tr	I	Was she imagining it , did or the white faces of the vampires turn to follow her as she passed ?
tr	I	Stock analysts offered myriad opinions , each in sharp contrast the to preceding one .
tr	O	I surfaced once more with a deep gasp ; my lungs were burning from lack of oxygen .
tr	O	When they broke off the kiss , Rich was delighted to see that Jamie was trembling .
tr	I	That 't didn sound right .
tr	I	Hanna stared at Spencer what had given her .
tr	I	While had Anya asked a lot of questions , such inquiries could just as easily be born of innocent curiosity and concern for her father .
tr	I	I to turn look at him as I speak , but he shakes his head .
tr	O	The scientist went silent for a while , then continued accompanied by some snobbish mimicry .
tr	O	Chicago had once thrived as a cattle town , and that legacy lived on today .
tr	I	He draws two needles of blood , putting each in a vial which one of the doctors connects to the tubes plastic .
tr	O	How long have you been writing ?
tr	O	His hands trailed up her back , quickly unhooking the latch of her bra .
tr	I	For the first time today I feel relaxed enough that I know I can perform a Search and hopefully Laila help .
tr	O	But when Dean was away on a Scout camping trip , a postcard from Dr. Hammersmith breached his careful strategy of reading all the mail .
tr	O	I will not ask for your company again .
tr	O	The brisk , cool greeting stunned him with its familiarity .
tr	I	Imogen asked me to all lead the vampires there .
tr	O	But it wasn 't possible .
tr	I	Do I as say .
tr	I	And 're they getting restless .
tr	I	She was being from separated him .
tr	I	I would re-print my manuscript after I had given it an apt ending , tweaking what I had previously penned .
tr	O	Riley raised an eyebrow at him .
tr	I	He missed wife his .
tr	I	Especially to a man used being to ahead of the curve on everything .
tr	O	Emma stepped in front of the blatant hussy and interrupted her view of Jason .
tr	I	Maybe this would not the be place he would come to rest after all .
tr	I	Rich moved toward her , cradling her , his placing arm around her middle .
tr	O	Her whole demeanor inspired good manners .
tr	O	There 's barely enough room to walk between the rows .
tr	I	The irises of their eyes were less noticeably etched in black , and the lesions slithering festering on their faces were less pronounced .
tr	I	That thought reminded me of the fact that I had been not notified by the Agency in about three days .
tr	I	She hadn 't even been able to the put dishes away without bumping into him a dozen times .
tr	I	He will not survive cold the . '
tr	I	She had very hands delicate , almost like a pianist 's .
tr	I	It 's the behavior that from emerges the code .
tr	I	Charlotte sat and placed arm her about Sarah 's trembling shoulders .
tr	O	We need to know everything about this man .
tr	I	I 'm glad he walked out before I said word a .
tr	O	Tiffany , Anne 's blonde haired roommate , jumped in .
tr	I	Her was head throbbing .
tr	O	He made a soft noise of pleasure as I worked my fingers into his scalp , the soapy water dripping down his forehead .
tr	O	His method of making tea was an unusual mixture of traditional English and traditional Chinese .
tr	I	And that one definitely is mineral a deposit .
tr	I	At this point I just wanted to the keep peace .
tr	I	She didn 't think she find 'd joy in anything for a long time if ever again .
tr	I	Tom kept playing , baring teeth his .
tr	O	Well , yes , I guess it would be .
tr	O	She then stuck the handle back into the block to show nothing amiss .
tr	O	She sure hoped that wasn 't Mason 's favorite knife .
tr	O	She sat up , swung around and dropped her feet to the floor .
tr	I	Rhapsody turned her speaker phone all the way up as 's Melody voice began singing sweetly through the airwaves .
tr	O	And by flirting , I mean licked the rim of his glass .
tr	O	That won 't change when you feel like you 're ready to leave .
tr	I	What she was saw not good .
tr	I	Cooper grips my upper arms and pulls me to closer him .
tr	O	How 's your daughter doing ?
tr	I	Give him the wisdom to handle the situation and protect him those from who want to do harm to him and others .
tr	I	Generally , very few made trick-or-treaters it up to her second-floor apartment .
tr	O	The truck full slowly down the dock , a half dozen men with machine guns walking on either side .
tr	O	She decided she needed to earn her keep and spent the next few hours creating content for several clients with blogs .
tr	O	He carried her screaming and squealing out to the car and strapped her into her car seat .
tr	I	I turned the at sound of nearby laughter .
tr	I	I wasn 't just always a mother .
tr	O	But Anon took no honor from that battle .
tr	I	It was swift brutal and and over in a matter of minutes .
tr	O	She juts out her chin , letting the hair fall away to expose her bruised and bloodied face in the full light streaming from the bulb above .
tr	O	He straightened up and stretched his cramped back .
tr	O	The sound is so loud that I press both hands to my ears until they 've passed .
tr	O	with the lights out when they heard he was coming down the street .
tr	I	But the of effect the barbiturate still hasn 't over .
tr	O	He was drawing too much attention from Jessie .
tr	O	It was clearly design for people of an average height of only 4 cubits .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be responsible for hurting anyone else .
tr	O	To her own ear , she sounded as if she had something to hide .
tr	I	With her it was a need - child a was the only thing she needed .
tr	O	It turned out to not be bad at all though , at least not with the wrecker .
tr	O	I could feel her deep pain but didn 't know what it was .
tr	I	She was doing the thing right .
tr	O	Lou regained his footing and was standing chest deep in the river 10 feet away from shore .
tr	O	The wind blew the ends of her hair against his face and the sun was just falling behind the waterline .
tr	I	At first she laughed to herself but she then felt the inclination to cry .
tr	I	She nodded and yawned , brushing the fog back from her eyes with the backs her of hands .
tr	I	I went to investigate , opened and the door to her secret chamber .
tr	O	I want you to think about your answers , and you don 't have to tell me .
tr	I	The calm sea grew angry and began to batter the that rocks Alessandro stood on .
tr	I	You have to be grateful 're you alive and pretend this is your regular home .
tr	I	Despite her to effort hold in her amusement , Maryanne laughed .
tr	O	Boss looked at the covered crates stacked and strapped in the center of the cargo bays and an idea formed in his mind .
tr	O	He was tall and muscular , wearing blue jean overalls and a white T-shirt with stains on the sleeves .
tr	O	I can 't do this alone .
tr	I	Sergeant Anderson stared up at him , eyes open wide terror with .
tr	I	There was nothing like trying to edit your material own .
tr	I	His was computer on .
tr	O	Until Aidan met Emma , Nadia 's future had seemed secure .
tr	O	I used to see him in the common room , occasionally .
tr	I	She sort of accidentally made sound it like I wa ?
tr	O	I was sure there would never be a man who compared to Tripp .
tr	I	Pulling it , the man understood that shaking hands led missed to shots .
tr	I	Something within her that knew all was not right .
tr	I	My friends seemed to really enjoy my town , and it fun was to be back home with Colton .
tr	O	Cold sweat stung my eyes .
tr	I	The pampering was good for her ; she looked relaxed more and happy than she had in weeks .
tr	O	The only thing that came out of Kylie 's mouth was a gasp .
tr	O	After the chancellor answers each question , the challenger can attempt to supply a superior response .
tr	I	He staring kept at his reflection .
tr	I	She knew from shroud studies that the crown of thorns was more of a cap , and that the thorns were several long inches and vicious .
tr	I	The room had one chair , table one , and one bed .
tr	O	T.J. whispered something into Trenton 's ear , and he nodded .
tr	O	I could do nothing else but watch Michelle .
tr	O	I 'll be in the cafe .
tr	O	Of course , how stupid it was to learn to fly !
tr	O	He started with the poker games in Kuwait , then moved on to the RPG that knocked him unconscious and the firefight in Fallujah .
tr	O	Moments pass through life that are impossible to take back , stepping stones that may lead you on a path you were meant to take .
tr	I	Helen may have skipped a class or two in history , but even she that knew wasn 't a very successful strategic plan .
tr	I	Sawyer 's arms , all hard muscle , banded around her , and one settled hand on her backside , molding their bodies together .
tr	O	He could deal with the VNS when he had to .
tr	O	They stuffed the run three times .
tr	O	Austin felt a pang in her stomach .
tr	O	Queen Tatiana will meet you and will talk about it in real time .
tr	I	Even the constant ranting of the had imp been replaced by his chattering fangs .
tr	I	People think they 're of tears joy .
tr	O	He set his glass down and knelt on the floor to stoke the fire .
tr	O	He was safe and sound .
tr	O	The Devourer shrieked again , a painful sound that made me think he was agreeing with Riley .
tr	I	His answer came a bit more than tensely he 'd intended .
tr	O	He lifted me up and I wrapped my legs around him as I sat on his lap and he held me .
tr	O	All I wanted was to see about breaking this tense reserve between us , but he 's turned my gesture of reconciliation into a competition .
tr	O	They unleashed a few more punches to keep their victims dazed before dashing off into the night .
tr	I	Why he did see it ?
tr	I	Quixote must 've stayed with Cain , because didn Sheridan 't see him .
tr	O	He crossed over and joined her in the inner ring .
tr	I	Sonia body 's responded but , luckily , her brain did not .
tr	I	All of this money you have making is you too egocentric .
tr	I	My right hand found its way to my pocket , and I pulled the out card .
tr	O	He was sitting in the cafe , having a latte and flipping through a magazine .
tr	I	Her hand closed around her phone her in pocket .
tr	I	Did you see twin my ?
tr	I	The sound set his teeth on edge , and Rex almost they wished would simply burst through the door instead of taking their time .
tr	I	It been 's a very long time since I 've been this sober and I feel so lost and disoriented .
tr	O	He then told of one about which he had no doubt .
tr	O	She pointed past Coral to Desdemona , and her tabard .
tr	O	I freeze and then sit up , squinting at her through the dark .
tr	O	She senses it too .
tr	O	Or , I 'm meeting friends in Las Vegas , and since I 'm so close to the West Coast , I might as well drop in .
tr	O	But life was never that easy .
tr	I	Oscar agreed to remain in and Flagstaff monitor the trial .
tr	I	Oddly , the thing that stood the out most to Thomas was Teresa 's last name .
tr	O	The furniture and the rest of the house are left intact .
tr	I	I tried to get my hands beneath his shirt , but because of the we way were sitting , I couldn 't find the hem .
tr	O	I need to get away .
tr	O	I opened it to a blank page and drew a line down the center , then sat on the edge of my bed , pen ready .
tr	I	Helen displayed menacing a smile and proceeded to vigorously scratch his back .
tr	O	How could anyone sleep , under circumstances like theirs ?
tr	I	So many these tears past few days .
tr	O	He throws the football to my side and I have to move quickly to catch it .
tr	O	' Can you guess what I felt ? '
tr	O	Her body continued to scream for her to flee .
tr	O	Embossed on the side of the barrel in English were the words : Pilot Pen -- MFG Co. .
tr	I	It happened all the time , especially to old of ladies twenty-one .
tr	I	She glanced over her shoulder again , feeling eyes on the back of her head , but no was one there .
tr	I	Jace 's moved eyes to them .
tr	I	Let her meet his mate who can no communicate longer with him .
tr	I	While there is some dispute as to the degree of influence , the facts 't can be denied .
tr	O	I could do nothing for him .
tr	O	He was arrogant , vain , and couldn 't keep his pants on , but he was a good business man .
tr	O	He didn 't stop .
tr	O	She held out the piece of paper and waited for some response .
tr	I	She wasn 't laughing anymore , and it wasn completely 't unexpected .
tr	O	Myles had to catch his jaw to keep it from dropping .
tr	O	Something wasn 't right here .
tr	O	The old one had provided an intangible barrier meant to deflect solid matter and kinetic energy .
tr	I	Besides , and Tate April are coming up again .
tr	I	' That sort of talk them makes sick , ' they say .
tr	I	The last thing he could do sleep was .
tr	I	She beckoned , gave him a look burned that through him .
tr	O	He gave a quick wink to Kerri and then got into the sedan .
tr	I	As I worked , I realized what a gift he given had me with his insights .
tr	O	She broke from Ethan , went over to Adam , and stood up on tiptoe to brush her lips over his .
tr	O	' The venom kills them though , doesn 't it ? '
tr	O	Who wanted to take Insanity Sam ?
tr	I	When he pulled away , she gazed into his eyes , to refusing budge .
tr	O	Aria realized she 'd already known his answer .
tr	I	Robert returned the smile , eyebrows his raised as if to ask , ' why is he naked ? '
tr	O	She deserved peace in death , and she could never die peacefully until Hank Adaline dies .
tr	I	Money not is a thing , it is not even a process .
tr	O	Quinn shook Albert 's hand .
tr	I	They tore both through Guard Legions and threw them into confusion .
tr	O	And the others had reluctantly agreed to the plan after wasting five minutes arguing about it .
tr	O	The Mississippi appeared to be driven to the south .
tr	I	The Leviathan may have looked big on water the , but close up , inside a confined space like this , it looked colossal .
tr	O	He took me to the last room and opened the door , allowing me to go first .
tr	O	But he should have known .
tr	I	He up held an enormous hand .
tr	O	Rolling my eyes , I shove at his shoulder .
tr	I	You to wanted shag me .
tr	I	She parked the four-door Cutlass with tags Alabama and walked nervously under the sprawling veranda to the front doors .
tr	O	No one responded to her screams , but Andy still looked like he wanted to jump off the bike and tend to her wounds .
tr	I	They me took in , hid me from the Empire .
tr	I	Besides , I volunteered for this job ; it 'd be nice to what know to expect .
tr	I	Silence , for waiting the demon called Vein to return with whatever Lord Loss sent her for .
tr	I	I kissed him back almost desperately , and when I finally pulled away , I had to wipe more stupid from tears my eyes .
tr	I	You dad and are getting a divorce .
tr	O	Despite the gloomy , mingled emotions that surrounded it , the day felt momentous .
tr	O	Honestly , I haven 't thought about it a whole lot , but that might be because I 've been so focused on Violet .
tr	O	Then I read it again .
tr	I	You have until midday to Saturday make the transfer .
tr	O	That 's just either side of 530 Hz .
tr	O	Two , she 'll be considered daft , touched , addled , and many other less kind words will be attributed to her . '
tr	I	I 've no idea what how or .
tr	I	The woman obnoxious was .
tr	I	But with every roll of the tires , 's Kylie uncertainty rose .
tr	O	I feel like I am a stringed instrument that has been tuned too tight .
tr	O	So ... another enclave of survivors ?
tr	O	There isn 't much he hasn 't done .
tr	I	He laughed a little , but kissed me eagerly back .
tr	I	But when the door opened and Gwendolen entered , he felt suddenly a tremor and distrust which he had never before felt .
tr	I	It true was ; Maddie always knew how I really felt inside , no matter what I said .
tr	O	I had practically begged that they be protected from Viggo 's deadly grip , the only reason Sofie hadn 't left them in that death trap .
tr	I	Tosh 's phone rang so many times Lacy thought it was to going go to voicemail , but at last he picked up .
tr	O	As an answer , Aileen showed a recording that displayed how two bombs fell to the planet .
tr	O	The log that he had used to block the mouth had rotted , so he got another log .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	O	There was a cot to the left of Duncan .
tr	O	She 'd blackened his opinion of Gio with her stories of how he had greedily taken control of Cogent .
tr	I	With mournful reluctance , he ordered 'd the barn door closed to stave off the blizzard .
tr	I	She traded a nod with the security kid hooked and a thumb back at me .
tr	O	Although his CO hadn 't said it , Riley had the impression his promotion might well hang in the balance .
tr	O	The door closed behind us and I barely controlled my desire to jump or cry out .
tr	I	How did he end up with an in infection a hospital ?
tr	O	She deposited five hundred thousand dollars to an account back in December .
tr	O	The thumping of the music filtered to the cool air outside .
tr	I	My top just fell below my waist , and I ignored the slight self-conscious feeling of walking around in my panties .
tr	O	She hailed from Sweden , and there was something about her clean design and use of natural colors that called to me .
tr	I	A punch was nothing , no more a than speeding ticket .
tr	O	He said some weird stuff , he was looking for Sarah and after a while I told him that I had to go .
tr	O	I tuned everything out until I saw everyone stand up and start walking towards the door .
tr	O	' Thank God you came when you did , ' I said as I rolled out and clambered to my feet .
tr	I	Stay here tonight if you want , I 've got police protection until this over is .
tr	I	The jolted observation him on some level , but he couldn 't deny the fondness he had for the little girl .
tr	O	He sucked in all his breath when she licked from the base of his c * ck to the very tip .
tr	O	Up ahead , the light turned yellow and the bike pitched forward as he hit the gas .
tr	O	One , record your best songs as well as possible .
tr	O	She sat there on the edge of the bed , swaying and content .
tr	O	They didn 't speak while the driver pointed out landmarks and buildings .
tr	O	The man pulled off his worn cap .
tr	O	His mind was roiling now that they 'd pulled off the rescue .
tr	I	Three echoing booms followed , and she opened her eyes to witness all three far thrown across the street and through the nearby building .
tr	I	And about what his marriage ?
tr	I	After we passed through without incident and reclaimed our belongings , turned Ed to the officer with the scanning wand .
tr	I	But even still , I wouldn 't sunk have to your level and tried to kill you .
tr	O	The two continued through the gate and traveled until they reached the forest .
tr	O	I fought back the tears .
tr	O	' Is it my birthday already ? '
tr	I	It was rude to leave the food untouched when he made had the effort to prepare it .
tr	I	That was impressive truly .
tr	O	Then Edd pushed him aside , trudging towards the knights just down the hall .
tr	I	he asked , surprised visibly .
tr	I	When tried Mandy it on , it looked simple and elegant .
tr	I	I hadn even 't practiced the new image that I 'm visualizing .
tr	I	Whatever the case , Canute felt as if it his was responsibility to fill the silence .
tr	O	His deepest secrets were all there as computer files .
tr	O	No one had seen her come in here last night and collapse on the couch .
tr	O	She hadn 't fought a water witch yet .
tr	O	I didn 't want to have another crying jag and end up with swollen eyes in the morning .
tr	I	They continued to talk about possibilities until the turned morning into afternoon .
tr	O	That feeling of being complete with Cole reached my brain too .
tr	I	Not she that could blame them .
tr	O	He felt bad afterwards and wanted to apologize , but she evaded him every time he approached her .
tr	O	waved Master Jordan as he walked out of the studio .
tr	O	I hoped he wouldn 't embarrass us .
tr	I	Sarah broke silence the with a sudden excited shout .
tr	O	She wondered if he hated that as much as she thought he would but she was too dejected to bring it up .
tr	I	I hated to make him worry any than more he already did .
tr	I	Sky would have picked another Joy of 's members from Kona , but that was not what the job required .
tr	I	He took his head and blew up his house and now I guess 's he after all the money .
tr	O	The gun was still aimed in my directions but there was no aggression in its stance anymore .
tr	O	A Marques had ruled here since her Portuguese ancestors had claimed the land and built this house she was standing in .
tr	I	He poured himself whiskey another and drank it straight , attempting to calm his nerves .
tr	I	she asked , that amazed he would want that .
tr	O	Was he molesting her ?
tr	I	They were just bullies big who were used to getting their own way .
tr	I	Sarah calmly entered the room that was still hot scalding .
tr	O	I say it as softly as I can .
tr	I	He knew when his eyes burned red by the look sudden of horror on her face .
tr	O	I just got tired .
tr	I	She released him , feeling bereft , shrugged and .
tr	I	It killing 's her hunger to do it , too .
tr	I	He snorted playfully and nudged her with a knee .
tr	O	It awfully reminded me of those disgusting hospital rooms a long time ago .
tr	I	Joseph followed her out , handed her a paper mask before turning her toward back the tent .
tr	I	Len was behind him , and looked even worse for the wear , several days growth beard of on his jaw .
tr	O	The noise that the boys heard was the roar of millions of tons of water .
tr	O	She 's had to be .
tr	I	The stage so was big .
tr	I	From the slanted her look stepmother gave her , Madeline knew exactly what was going on in Sloane 's mind .
tr	O	So far , she 's fine .
tr	I	Though 'll we still have to stay away from each other .
tr	O	I just have to choose to do it .
tr	O	The further we would get into the backcountry , the more snowbanks we would see .
tr	I	' We going are to Mordor , of course .
tr	I	That my is solemn vow .
tr	O	The overpowering combination of my two oldest brothers ' pressure and West and Ethan urging me to accept Dad 's offer edges me toward insanity .
tr	O	He lunged at the scrap but it swirled into the air away from him .
tr	I	' I 'm just letting you know that you might forget but should anything be amiss we then won 't . '
tr	I	Anthony shrugged as his brother lowered himself one onto of the seats .
tr	O	The spot on my mom 's temple was the size of a pea when she found it , and six months later she was dead .
tr	O	He pulled himself back and glared at me .
tr	O	He hadn 't been scolded by his mother in years .
tr	I	Cassidy heard the woman 's buzz voice through the phone .
tr	O	The sergeant patted the shirt of his uniform .
tr	I	A moment he later fell into his chair and slept .
tr	O	I reached out and touched his hair .
tr	O	Maria declined and they both sat .
tr	O	Quickly the instructors scrambled down the cliff and raced to his side .
tr	I	She wanted to re-experience exhilaration the of total control over the forces of gravity .
tr	O	I just looked at them and slowly got in to my blankets and switched off my side lamp .
tr	O	But if indeed they had , for what purpose ?
tr	O	What the hell is this place ?
tr	I	This too was bizarre - there were too many hints .
tr	O	Jess stared at me blankly .
tr	I	His voice was low deadly but .
tr	O	Christopher turned to face the lioness to the left flank ; Tucker did the same to the right .
tr	I	He going was to have her .
tr	O	The brain matter oozing out his ears and into the meadow confirmed it .
tr	I	Elodie looked me at with wide , begging eyes .
tr	I	But that not 's how you make real credit on this planet .
tr	O	He pulled her across the narrow space onto his lap .
tr	O	He ascended to the cooler and the wall slid closed .
tr	I	He thought through everything ... We had no idea Dugin left a behind wife and a child !
tr	O	He smelled her blood before she 'd gotten down the first stair .
tr	O	He reached up with his hand , placed his fingers on my chin , and pulled it toward him .
tr	I	And with any luck , they 'd find their prey and this nightmare would end , once and all for .
tr	O	He 'd been reading about it online .
tr	O	I held my breath .
tr	O	I look out the window , over the man-made lake behind our house .
tr	I	She 'd the finished bidding and would stick to the bargain .
tr	O	The tires squealed as the car shot backward .
tr	I	When they saw us , four all bowed deeply .
tr	O	Shane smiled at the agents and continued down the hall as instructed .
tr	O	He thought perhaps that he was still living a pirate 's life with a pirate 's paranoia .
tr	I	Do you think I never 've read Dracula before ?
tr	O	But I couldn 't say that I did .
tr	I	To the Egyptians , example for , the heart was the seat of conscience .
tr	I	Greg , just a minutes couple of your time .
tr	I	Talk , thought I .
tr	O	It was deep in those foul depths that I discovered what I needed to know concerning the Palladium and Gnosis .
tr	I	Jax still held her hand , rubbing thumb his over her knuckles .
tr	I	For Carly , Mike felt ... something stronger he than could put into words .
tr	O	Showering quickly , I throw on a new set of scrubs realizing that I forgot to bring the gown from the office .
tr	I	There was that word again vein ... .
tr	O	He holds up his finger and reaches for an iPod beside the computer .
tr	I	Ezra smiled to himself as friend his painfully pulled himself back up on his horse .
tr	I	Jordan a risked momentary scowl at Agent 1 .
tr	O	She glanced up at his smile .
tr	O	Julius Marco left the room as a soldier brought in a tin plate with a quarter loaf of dry bread and a gutted tin of beans .
tr	O	Dry twigs cracked beneath Adam 's feet , and the three figures hushed themselves and froze .
tr	O	This is not a factory !
tr	O	Dean asked , unable to hide his shock over that one .
tr	I	He screamed in pain but it didn 't last long before he passed out the from gas .
tr	I	She held the song 's final notes at a volume delicate .
tr	I	Nevertheless , she noticed something ; she watching was him more and more curiously .
tr	O	He watched as Colleen walked through the small house , checking out the tiny bedroom , the single bath and then the functional but narrow kitchen .
tr	I	My were tears so hot now they seemed to burn my face .
tr	O	Graham had never had sex with a human before , and he feared he 'd not be able to gentle himself enough for Misty .
tr	O	Their scanners picked up our movements .
tr	I	Paula hung up the phone and stared the at wall .
tr	I	Well ... I to have think about this for a minute .
tr	O	She 's got nothing .
tr	I	His on grip Julia 's hand tightened .
tr	I	That 's what did demons .
tr	I	The man outside was a hauling heavy metal garbage can across the alley to the high brick wall that ran around that part of the graveyard .
tr	I	Why was he even thinking about tonight this ?
tr	I	He looked at him with a eyebrow raised , shook his head and led the way out .
tr	O	When they realized it was a bad dream , they left me with her and I held her until her shaking stopped and she fell back asleep .
tr	I	It produces outcome greater .
tr	I	Gabe turned and his hooked hat on a rack standing beside the front door .
tr	I	He feel could their eyes itching across his skin in the way they always asked questions that seemed to mirror what he felt at that moment .
tr	I	Giving me a blow on the shoulder , she me pushed gently away .
tr	I	She could tell how exactly much those words meant to Wren .
tr	I	Maybe maybe - I wasn 't as ready to be an assassin as I thought I was .
tr	I	I can 't buy even men 's underwear as a Christmas present for someone , because the hunky beefcake on the packaging makes me feel funny .
tr	O	The searchlight blazed down the channel and swept over them , highlighting them in its brilliance .
tr	I	David in chuckled disbelief .
tr	I	Dallas glanced me at .
tr	I	And so I had , fixed to a spot beside 's Teresa bed .
tr	O	Darryl said with urgency .
tr	O	Thomas just wasn 't sure what sort of predicament it was that he was in yet .
tr	O	said a voice behind them .
tr	I	Wainwright pointed to slim a , old volume lying on the writing desk .
tr	I	Lying there , before the wind , in the midst of the wind strangely the in midst of her , Mary seems to decide .
tr	I	He closed the door and turned to find Prudence knelt in the submissive pose he 'd trained her do to .
tr	O	Already showered , cut my toenails , had pancakes and ten cups of coffee .
tr	O	Roy shook his head again .
tr	I	She adjusted the air-conditioning vent closest to her the so air wouldn 't hit her so directly .
tr	I	The sex incredible was .
tr	I	The man hauled the limp native up plated over shoulders .
tr	O	I snapped out of it .
tr	I	She exclaimed , brown glaring eyes at me .
tr	I	She said that she had a meeting with some new attorney across town within the hour she and thought it would be easier with me there .
tr	I	Stripping off the belief that if I were perfect , 'd I be easier to love .
tr	I	Hoppy would Millie tell tonight .
tr	O	It was wrong of me to assume an Irish servant girl doesn 't deserve the same respect as a woman of my own class .
tr	I	The was face both soft and hard , hopeless and longing .
tr	O	The moment passed , and Amy was back to normal .
tr	I	What happened today will reshape world the .
tr	O	The effect was almost professorial , and quite unexpected .
tr	I	He swung his scythe , but missed , only managing to decapitate a wheat stalk .
tr	O	After finishing , he gave her a last look .
tr	O	It 's too late for me to hear all of this .
tr	I	I decided not make to too big of a deal about it .
tr	O	I made the mistake of bringing my eyes to his and he was staring at me again .
tr	I	But he not could take the chance of losing her again .
tr	I	I hop over the side of balcony the and work my way down to a lower ledge .
tr	O	I took another club from his bag .
tr	I	The Keeper let me know he could still hear thoughts my .
tr	I	So nice to you see all .
tr	O	Then I let go of the door and it slams shut .
tr	O	Its light was not bright , and it was diffused by the mist , but the man Jack would not need much light .
tr	O	When our claws came out , even Nate backed away a little .
tr	O	Twenty-two 's big , sad eyes floated through my head , and I let out a sigh .
tr	I	With every inch , felt I those metal studs drag along my tender skin , like the sweetest torture I never wanted to end .
tr	O	Your life , happiness , and welfare will be cherished and placed above my own for all time .
tr	I	And then if the team other , Steele 's team , got wind of it ... It didn 't even bear thinking about .
tr	O	I nodded at her and she smiled before turning away again .
tr	O	A classy outfit for job interviews , she 'd decided , and didn 't care how much it had cost .
tr	I	If the DEA has busted up a drug ring 'll there be something about it on the scanner , or in the newspaper .
tr	O	Blinking back her tears , Marti said a hasty good-bye and took her leave .
tr	O	Blackjack wraps his great arms around the tiny woman .
tr	O	Another shield charge had just been sent hurtling off the washing line towards the pavement far below .
tr	O	I scoot down by her and keep my knees up , resting my elbows on them .
tr	O	Next he selected a hat from the pile , twining his long dark hair into a knot and placing a Disney ball cap over it .
tr	O	His jaw tightened as his gaze skimmed downward , lingering on the small tattoo that marred the skin just beneath her belly button .
tr	I	Veronica hadn 't answered the one question Prue her wanted to answer the most .
tr	I	Lily pressed another and button a fan dried us in moments .
tr	I	Sensing he had upset her , Lucas to tried lighten the mood .
tr	O	That would end all their troubles .
tr	O	If it 's a promotion you want -- She 'd laughed at that , explaining simply that she was tired .
tr	I	Raphael flushed red as the synth player ignored him heading towards where their friends and partners for waited them .
tr	I	It was obvious , from the way Mirabella spat out the words , that she had these heard insults many , many times .
tr	O	The girl shrugged and took a seat on the stairs .
tr	O	Her eyes are open !
tr	O	It weighed down her light steps ; she trod as if hitched to a wagon laden with stones .
tr	O	Russel slowly pushed to his feet as the rest of the flight gathered around their injured comrade .
tr	I	But that would make Aris version their of Teresa .
tr	I	Just like she 's suffering right because now Sydney blames Tam for my meddling in her spell .
tr	O	Then his better judgment ceased to exist .
tr	I	Minster stood in the phone booth for a moment , fiddling with coins her .
tr	I	I was well aware I that wasn 't , you know , Miss Stability .
tr	O	The four men sprinted out of the room .
tr	I	What if someone was or sick hurt ?
tr	I	He didn have 't to try to hard to scare us about our futures .
tr	I	He took all the air from room the .
tr	O	Jazz pushed back from Willa after a few moments .
tr	I	It had been hours since 'd he last spoken .
tr	O	It matures for a couple of weeks and then voila , they dig themselves out and instinctively walk to the indoctrination center .
tr	O	I 'll be the best there is .
tr	O	The blizzard had just begun , and with every twist in the road the air thickened with white .
tr	O	His eyes widened again .
tr	I	It was the only third time in as many hours that he 'd asked .
tr	I	Damn , he deserved to have his pinky other twisted .
tr	O	My steps were slow and measured as I inched forward and raised the bat high , at head level , ready to bash .
tr	O	I am convinced that it was her elegant bearing that moved him to allow two strangers into his studio .
tr	I	She wants me to get married early because she has plans all laid me for in the future .
tr	O	I wanted to throw up .
tr	I	I 'm looking Ali for .
tr	O	But the fierceness in his voice left me no choice but to scurry off , leaving my carpet bag in the leaves .
tr	O	Does Dana 's father know his daughter is being used as collateral over Ashton 's head ?
tr	I	He moved with fluid grace , almost as if his feet 't weren touching the floor .
tr	I	That didn mean 't they weren 't gaining that fast .
tr	I	Why had he settled for letting know her what he could have done ?
tr	O	With so much at stake , she needed him to reassure her that she 'd put her hope in the right thing .
tr	I	An older man with a short white beard called us to from behind the counter , smiling and waving at Rhys .
tr	I	Or maybe it simply hadn 't occurred her to .
tr	I	Yes , Shana 's breakup Brad with was different , and of a lesser magnitude , but it was a loss .
tr	I	Inside , stood a the man size of a bull .
tr	O	The Between is full of nothing , or so I was led to believe .
tr	I	But anyway , none of you anything have to worry about .
tr	O	Kamal asked , momentarily relishing the fresh scent of the garden 's morning air himself .
tr	I	I was still hard throbbing and .
tr	O	A question hung on his tongue , heavy and demanding .
tr	O	Maybe I should just close up the store , sell the house , and leave town .
tr	O	The computer allowed you to fix a point precisely in three-dimensional space .
tr	O	Bringing her will to bear , she throws out her voice to the spectators for all to hear .
tr	I	On her way out the door , she grabbed her purse cell and phone and went in search of her car on P Street .
tr	O	Then she firmly told herself there was only one sure way to find out .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure Gabriel was one of them .
tr	O	She then moved to the sink and rinsed a bowl , looking out the fogged window at the darkening evening , then looked back at me .
tr	I	When he finally his lifted head , his eyes blazed with demand .
tr	O	Garfield 's upper body flexed as he picked up the steel cannonball and set it into the muzzle .
tr	I	What does expect he me to do ?
tr	O	She expected an argument from her father , was even looking for one .
tr	O	Go get more people drunk .
tr	O	Did I ever tell you that ?
tr	O	He took the pencil out of his mouth , cupped it in his hand , walking around in small circles .
tr	O	She watches him carefully the rest of the way to her house .
tr	I	She slipped Majesty His 's ring from Lucien 's finger .
tr	O	God , I hated bugs .
tr	I	Lightening cracked slowly across the clouds like Martian a snail .
tr	O	Neither of us said a word for a few moments .
tr	O	I 'm so sorry I stole the money and you got blamed .
tr	I	Looks like he didn 't have of much a choice .
tr	I	Their presence , although welcome was insignificant next to the mighty army sweeping across the land them towards .
tr	O	He turned and headed for the booth , hoping they could sustain the truce longer than just this night .
tr	O	As for you , Father , I thought I might unite us , that we would forget the past and forge a better future .
tr	O	The pair exchanged a glance .
tr	O	Suddenly his whole demeanor seemed more cheerful .
tr	O	Eve asked Cammie in a light tone .
tr	I	But you need to turn around and out check the rest of her .
tr	I	He turned the off car and unbuckled his seatbelt .
tr	O	Eventually Mason comes out and throws one arm around my neck .
tr	I	The electricity had gone out at the same time , the and train had slowed to a stop .
tr	O	It grew closer until Chuck could see the tractor cab as it pushed trees and underbrush out of its path .
tr	O	None of the front windows had cracked even though her dad hadn 't lifted a finger to board them up .
tr	O	Corrie was making coffee after collecting the day 's mail on her way into the office .
tr	I	He slapped her into the face because and of his strength ; she lost her balance and stumbled backwards .
tr	I	She needn 't have said them , but I couldn 't be happier she that had .
tr	O	He said nothing , but just the touch of another human , alive and warm , was enough to allow Noelle to regain control .
tr	O	At one point , Sooty Stoops was purely residential .
tr	O	My gaze darted over my shoulder .
tr	I	There was one no there .
tr	I	Her innocence or guilt was to irrelevant their relationship .
tr	I	CHAPTER NINE Golden didn 't let evening the end before she dashed over to Sunnybrook Nursing Home to give Claire the good news .
tr	O	I 've written the directions on the front .
tr	O	With a pained whimper , it collapsed and vanished into millions of musty dust particles .
tr	I	They must hotel be rooms .
tr	O	If I just pass by and he kills himself or dies , then what do I tell the police and other people ?
tr	O	Thomas suspected it was an effort on Etienne 's part to keep him from saying any of the furious thoughts running around inside his head .
tr	I	From the open suitcase on the floor , to the toothbrush in the bathroom and piles of clothes on the floor between in .
tr	I	Sophia accepted his suggestion , for which some reason caused the bodyguard to be quite put out .
tr	I	There , in the over loft the stables .
tr	I	Wrapped his around hips .
tr	I	But , I 'm afraid Fernando is much a different sort of creature than you or I .
tr	I	He knew where she was at every moment ; he had made certain of link their when she was but a child .
tr	I	A plan in formed the back of his mind .
tr	I	She extended a hand out her toward husband in anticipation , causing Will to disappear on a mission of his own to help Sarah down .
tr	O	Collin pondered all of this as he walked back to his car parked at the cathedral .
tr	O	Was it worth the risk ?
tr	I	They sure sounded him like .
tr	I	He could sink his teeth into soft skin and feel the flow of life , hear the quickening rhythm her of heart beating in tune with his .
tr	I	There 's charade no when we 're standing face to face like we are now .
tr	O	Charlie smiled at Kate and then addressed DeVries .
tr	I	I 't didn see her either .
tr	O	I could hear her walking around , probably looking out the windows .
tr	O	And now , she spent most of her time waiting for him to wake up .
tr	I	Horny high guys school don 't even talk like this .
tr	O	I sounded like a broken record .
tr	I	It was not quite 4 P.M. , but she texted had Jeff to let him know she was leaving .
tr	I	They were pinned and down outgunned .
tr	O	Two women got up and came towards him .
tr	O	She wears them on her face for the whole world to see .
tr	O	I watched it sail into the light , then pop with a silent splash .
tr	I	But her feelings over two males were her making completely useless .
tr	I	He supposed it spoke of how low his mood had sunk that the idea a of bloody battlefield appealed to him .
tr	O	Rachel didn 't understand why he would give her an out after he 'd been waiting for so long , but she was grateful for the consideration .
tr	O	Her injuries took just under a week to recover from .
tr	I	He arched an eyebrow when he Roman saw 's scantily clad state .
tr	O	He wanted her until he couldn 't think straight , couldn 't find air enough to breathe .
tr	I	It was wrong of to Xavier bring you here .
tr	O	They 'd be good to fight alongside , and just as good to outrun if a horde got to clip their duster tails .
tr	I	Would a lie any work better ?
tr	O	I 'm surprised when he gives them to me right away .
tr	O	The cure would be greater madness than the disease .
tr	O	I took another sip of wine and I could tell that I was starting to feel light-headed .
tr	I	Grand auto theft , the cop said .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe what I was hearing .
tr	I	Davis 's residence was a large Italianate home recent of construction .
tr	I	On the road , I missed bread , while and this wasn 't fresh , the melted butter made up for the rest .
tr	I	And , of course , to a cabin kill .
tr	I	He must have part been of the Freak Show or something .
tr	O	The walls were a soft pink stone that seemed to shimmer in the late afternoon sun .
tr	I	He stopped abruptly , his unmistakable shock .
tr	I	She takes after you not stopping when even all sense says otherwise .
tr	I	The other teacher rushes out of the room with a look stricken .
tr	I	The playfulness vanished his from eyes .
tr	I	I 'd said probably too much already .
tr	I	She saw multiple rooms with different children in them being tented to robot by nurses and doctors .
tr	I	She shimmered in the night sky , and took it all my strength not to reach out and touch her .
tr	I	But all the dreams seem to taking be place in the cave .
tr	I	They frightened looked at if one of them left her on the sofa or one of the armchairs chance by but she nor was there .
tr	I	Even the handwriting seemed to belong to an man honest .
tr	O	I don 't remember her face , only that she did nothing when they came for me .
tr	O	He set the disassembled pieces of the digital laser scanner on the table , next to all of the other computer equipment .
tr	O	Except , I knew there was nothing short of a coma that would keep me from thinking of him .
tr	O	I sit back down on the couch and tighten the elastic in my hair .
tr	O	To silently suffer her own torment , Frank and everyone else would never understand what haunted Stephanie .
tr	O	The sight of her face in the mirror as he held her .
tr	O	We were going to be out on a boat , and I had seen enough TV to know there would be wind .
tr	I	You know , the kind that the secret wear service .
tr	I	As soon she as wakes up I 'm headed to that school .
tr	O	They rose from their seats and shook her hand .
tr	O	The barn where I worked all day is on fire .
tr	I	No , it 't didn .
tr	I	While Lucas was eager to abandon the bulky backpack in lieu of the saddlebags , Iris to preferred retain her satchel .
tr	I	I felt terrible , and tired drawn , but I didn 't slow down .
tr	O	Shortly before midnight , she called up the grant lists on her office terminal .
tr	I	The room quiet remained , no other nominations being made .
tr	O	Lily protested , revealing the hurt under her short lived adventure .
tr	O	The engine cowl still was ominously empty .
tr	I	He looked down , and it was then he realised the movement was from coming below them .
tr	I	The man steps the around corner of the cabin front with the long black gun aimed at her .
tr	I	I didn 't as feel bad after that .
tr	O	His arms went around my waist , holding me just as tightly .
tr	I	She Who Not Must Be Named should be able to take time off if she needs to .
tr	O	James handed Lux a burlap sack stuffed to the brim with what looked like beef jerky .
tr	I	The first thing we have to do is whether determine they were made before or after death .
tr	I	The look he me gave was pleading .
tr	O	Wade returns on the ATV .
tr	O	Causing flow required imbalance and achieving equilibrium required tempering flow .
tr	O	Grayson watched the wolf move out of sight and his shoulders slumped in defeat .
tr	I	You need 'll this .
tr	I	And wasn it 't even noon yet .
tr	O	They had been army eyes .
tr	O	Their shouts were drawing attention to them from the other people on the beach .
tr	O	Hopefully , the front windshield was still intact .
tr	I	' A dome might stay active for fifty years or before less becoming dormant .
tr	O	And joy becomes harder to find .
tr	O	The back of Eris ' neck crawled , making her look behind her .
tr	I	I laughed , because Aiden whenever cussed , I couldn 't help it .
tr	I	Then I danced my way back to Dec who gave me a high five and down a low .
tr	I	Or not to them face exactly .
tr	I	Zoey in stared shock -- it had happened so fast -- she didn 't even have time to react .
tr	I	She was sure it of .
tr	O	She grabbed Kathy 's hair and slung her into the rack of clothes .
tr	O	He was a stately man with graying lines of silver hair who wore a sharp martial uniform .
tr	O	The desire etched into his features was about to undo her .
tr	I	She rounded the corner and started walking down hallway the , not slowing her pace even though she heard footsteps behind her .
tr	O	No sickly sweet smell of rotting corpses .
tr	I	It lashed its claws and opened its thin mouth to slightly show the silvery pins .
tr	O	There was a moment of time , a heartbeat of silence .
tr	I	I watched her pile food onto her tray with reckless abandon , apparently not needing any help to figure out what what was .
tr	O	I got it at an estate sale a while back .
tr	I	She wondered the if sea woman could ride , if perhaps she rode great whales through the ocean .
tr	O	How did I live so blind ?
tr	O	As Vasile calmly said these words , Anton 's anxiety was palpable , scrambling around looking everywhere in the bushes for any sign of the vampires .
tr	O	Then she turned her gaze on Graeme .
tr	I	Tuck didn 't even know it was possible for an unconscious woman to birth give .
tr	I	Wasn 't she supposed to be proper the older sister and set an example for her younger sisters ?
tr	I	She answered quickly back .
tr	I	I think not , so could you ask your friends if they know her , if not , they ask their too friends and so on ?
tr	O	However he was expecting useful information soon , on spring shoal movements .
tr	I	It looked like last at he would hear a kind word from someone !
tr	I	This is how I want everything I Dee dropped 's hand .
tr	I	When we got undressed for bed I noticed Elise ' feet bleeding were .
tr	I	To others they are than less toys .
tr	I	He in asked fake amazement .
tr	I	I 't don want to hear it .
tr	O	The photos of Becca had been taken down since my last visit ; they used to grace every square inch of wall and counter space .
tr	O	Even if she acted like it couldn 't be done , I knew she wasn 't being honest .
tr	I	Connected in spirit , kissed we and his hand glanced across my breast , testing the waters , but I did not deflect him .
tr	I	There was a patch of it right in front the of stage .
tr	I	She could barely down hold the sobs as she dialed the familiar number .
tr	O	Especially in the hayloft .
tr	I	Every time he his opened mouth , nothing came out .
tr	O	Kevin smiled and rolled his eyes .
tr	O	It wasn 't like we could just drop in for tea , anyhow .
tr	I	I will authorise a psychiatrist immediately appointment , and Karl must be detained until further notice .
tr	I	Mom was too drunk for a even scream to get through .
tr	O	Without a word of warning , I punched him in the nose to get his attention .
tr	O	Maisie reaches back between the front seats .
tr	O	Claire tried to pull her head back together .
tr	O	As always there was no tension in Nicolas 's voice .
tr	O	The stubby tree carefully gripped its sack , leaned backwards and stepped slowly with its cracked trunk .
tr	O	That had to be hard .
tr	I	I 've told to you stop letting them in with immunity .
tr	O	I looked at Kiran ; he stood to his feet , arms wide , and ready to fight .
tr	O	The tank is surprisingly fast , surprisingly swift and stealthy .
tr	I	I so feel useless .
tr	O	Which is why he was leaving it .
tr	O	Why hadn 't he been able to sense that Jessie could not be trusted ?
tr	I	She could hardly bear to her take eyes off her mother .
tr	I	Robin had tried to convince herself that confiding in Angela about Cole was a clever way of thwarting her friend 's efforts matchmaking .
tr	O	He could almost smell the gold !
tr	I	His finger withdrew then and returned .
tr	O	Travis was stretched out in a chair closer to the front of the airplane .
tr	I	But it didn 't to hurt encourage him .
tr	O	He 's going to break your heart .
tr	O	Rebecca dropped her scissors on her rolling tray and sighed .
tr	O	In spite of her refusal , Paris could sense the arousal in her aura .
tr	O	Marcy hadn 't been messing with me .
tr	I	The huge engine the of Mustang screamed .
tr	I	The vibration of the electronics controls and .
tr	O	Daniel turned slowly and smiled at her as he did .
tr	O	Like her , he was fifteen now , and had started work in an armaments factory in Battersea and was needed for the war effort .
tr	O	You enjoy sex with me , but you do not burn for me .
tr	O	Despite everything ... he wanted her .
tr	O	Kara released me and wiped a small tear from her eye .
tr	O	A grave wasn 't where I wanted to imagine Jace .
tr	O	Tarek 's eyes swept the eastern sky , already turning steel gray .
tr	O	Had they come for her ?
tr	I	The band starts removing their instruments what for I assume is a break , and I panic .
tr	O	And then there was that time with the tuba .
tr	I	Kneeling , I his pulled present out from underneath the bed .
tr	I	After all , he had gone rarely hungry .
tr	O	Each missing the target and crashing through branches like invisible cannon balls .
tr	O	He had to sit sideways to fit on the latter .
tr	I	She was saddened see to this .
tr	I	She to had learn to do this somehow .
tr	I	Surely it hates us wants and nothing more than to pile on with this wasteland .
tr	I	Holly , always thoughtful the one , offered to help Dan set up his room .
tr	O	Setting down his pen , he shoved back his chair .
tr	I	Izzy at looked her aunt .
tr	I	It was mostly Ash .
tr	O	By the time he got home , his mother 's car was already in the drive , but he didn 't want to face her .
tr	O	Everything inside her stilled as she stared at the empty doorway .
tr	I	She discreetly left the dressing room and wondered I if she thought we were going to get hot and heavy in here .
tr	O	He felt like total shit for hurting her feelings like that .
tr	O	And for Gwen herself ... Gareth 's mind shied away from what might be happening to her .
tr	O	Once a day is probably enough , but it 'll take longer to work .
tr	I	His black thick coat covered his broad shoulders .
tr	O	She can hear everything .
tr	O	Pretend I 'm okay with everything .
tr	I	I accepted was he out working on whatever it was they worked on .
tr	O	Everything felt tingly and sharp .
tr	I	Mrs. Henderson 's hand trembled as she dug through her purse the for remaining pennies .
tr	O	Remember , the less information that you give to them and the more you can discern , the more it will help to keep you safe .
tr	I	Then her back hit the stone floor , hands those still on her shoulders , on her bare neck .
tr	I	And we 've heard your about Mr Judge and what he gets up to .
tr	O	I came to save you , Budda said .
tr	I	This had to be a my trick brain was playing .
tr	O	When the prey came in close enough , the Shadow would sweep over , consuming it .
tr	O	came Trudy 's voice from above my face .
tr	O	Louisa 's father , Earl Scranton , had convinced other men to give him money for investments , which were either never made or failed utterly .
tr	O	It doesn 't matter what he thinks of me .
tr	O	Maybe they would have been safer in that Buy - Right store located on the top of that mountain in the middle of nowhere .
tr	I	As a boy he had snorkeled along the reef during the summer trips mission .
tr	I	She indicated the people and animals them around .
tr	O	Donovan smiled and then glanced up at her IV bags .
tr	I	Of all the friends in his life , he her loved most .
tr	I	I could been have a Shadowhunter again , in his world .
tr	O	His voice was pleading now , and the man himself cut such a pathetic figure that Ezio could hardly bridle his contempt .
tr	I	I at looked Daddy for approval .
tr	O	Her cheeks started to grow a rosy color .
tr	I	I promised myself I 'd call them in Seattle and let them they know could question me after the holidays .
tr	O	I would like all of you to get on your knees .
tr	O	Maybe there was a misunderstanding .
tr	I	I slide back , out of reach his for the moment .
tr	O	After a few minutes , they settled in the living room before the fireplace .
tr	I	It like looked a rectangular rainbow that was bleeding colours and attempting to pull them back while they tried to escape .
tr	I	He but grunted stayed there .
tr	I	I would sorely miss sharing the highs and lows our of business , and seeing the dancing in her eyes about the adventures we encountered .
tr	I	Murphy answered the question I 't hadn asked yet .
tr	I	Of course , you may want to see if she hit ground the or not .
tr	I	I can it drive into your heart as quickly or slowly as I please .
tr	O	He had bait , now all he needed to do was to set the trap .
tr	I	No reason to worried be .
tr	I	By the time he 's finished , she sleeping 's again .
tr	I	Alert at once , looked he up to see someone walking away from him .
tr	O	It didn 't come .
tr	O	I came to a halt and stared in shock .
tr	O	He connected harshly and cried out .
tr	O	Gabriel 's brief touch warmed me .
tr	O	She wouldn 't want Paris and Champ to lose their husband and father just because she 'd taken in a poor runaway .
tr	O	My mother deserved peace in death and we deserved peace in life .
tr	O	I grab his hand to reestablish and strengthen our connection .
tr	I	I can 't get the mare goddess out of my head : the timbre of her voice , the imagined feel of breath her on my skin .
tr	O	She was encouraged by his apparent deference .
tr	I	Now be would a good time to phone Martine .
tr	O	She held up her hand to stop his protests .
tr	O	They 're available in house brands at fifteen bucks for 200 pills at your local pharmacist .
tr	I	Let me that try again . '
tr	O	Her silver eyes were as severe and scrutinizing as ever .
tr	I	You quite fell a way .
tr	O	I had never been a hero before .
tr	I	It was ridiculous , and knew she it .
tr	I	But Thor would not slow - for not her , not for anybody .
tr	O	resting her head on his shoulder with a petulant thud .
tr	O	I hustle Sarah , Sam and Malcolm inside and hit the button for the parking garage , but I don 't get in the elevator .
tr	I	Is it a nice family young with kids the same age as ours ?
tr	I	That good was eating .
tr	O	Her eyes remained locked with Lucian 's .
tr	I	I was thirsty , that was much certainly true .
tr	O	But that was not his choice to make ; he had made one choice , and sacrificed all the others .
tr	O	Positioning Hugo against the bark the maiden stepped back and yawned , the afternoon beverages had induced sleepiness .
tr	O	That was al I could think .
tr	I	She was already panting and moving against his palm , getting as swept away as was he .
tr	I	As the playwright , I had the right to the approve director and the casting , but I did not want to make waves .
tr	O	Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors .
tr	O	Or if I wanted a turbine for a hat , he could make me a man-sized airplane .
tr	O	In solar , other than the panels to collect the sun 's energy , the storage batteries were the critical components .
tr	I	She stood at the bathroom counter , leaning it over , inclined toward the mirror .
tr	O	The last thing he wanted to see was his brother 's murder .
tr	O	Ruby couldn 't swallow .
tr	O	The slapping stopped and was followed by croaking .
tr	O	It was a cleansing .
tr	O	She must have come in through a back door because there 's no way I would have missed her .
tr	O	Accepting a burger and rejecting a beer , Johnny started relaxing for the first time as he and Stu checked out the female populous checking them out .
tr	I	The crew work had finished and I was alone .
tr	O	He was eleven years her junior .
tr	I	She met him , welcomed him , her and soft moan of pleasure almost drove him over the edge .
tr	I	Killian wore sweatshirt a but no gloves or hat .
tr	O	The guard came near and glimpsed at them , but they didn 't bother punishing them .
tr	I	If only he could take care of her needs sensual without having sex - Inspiration lit .
tr	I	Verena Rose Yancy was attractive an woman in her late sixties , blessed with a secure income and her own home .
tr	I	He ducked and ran to the front of our group , consulting Alexei about what we to needed do next .
tr	I	I 'll no longer be what am I .
tr	I	No how matter much you use it , it will always be sharp .
tr	I	I cannot help wonder but what Nicole is doing .
tr	O	They weren 't too chatty ; they simply stood there waiting for the meeting to begin .
tr	I	There was enough morphine and pure heroin in his blood to have two killed or three people .
tr	O	I gave Nate a look that indicated he had some explaining to do .
tr	O	It zipped snugly over the corset .
tr	O	Two of his compatriots were running up behind him , the flashlights in their hands bobbing up and down .
tr	I	This first victim was killed in August 2008 of , that was about seven years ago .
tr	O	It depends upon your point of view .
tr	O	He continued staring with this sickening smile , then stepped aside to reveal his companion .
tr	I	There always was the paperwork .
tr	I	Dion 's Kasey Innocence is my serendipity , angelic , and surreal asleep in her tiny twin bed .
tr	O	' What do you want from me ? '
tr	I	Was so he anxious to get rid of his attachment to me he couldn 't let me wait until an appropriate time to talk to my son ?
tr	O	Eleanor was aware of something more than mere words flying between the two and felt uncomfortably in the way .
tr	I	It 's from my book The of Sleight Heart and Other Stories .
tr	O	She had to face up to that , put a stop to it and move on .
tr	I	The sweet taste of wine lingered his on lips .
tr	O	At one point he would have assumed the woman had been from that area .
tr	O	Apart from stuffing your drive into the creek . '
tr	O	He asked her about school , and Janelle answered his questions as she stared down at her plate .
tr	O	They 'd have to be very well-connected to get that kind of information .
tr	I	The all watched with excited with gleeful expressions as man a dressed in motley attire juggled bowling pins .
tr	O	He 'd been thrown a million times , and unlike the arena , the area surrounding the bull was lined with foam padding .
tr	O	Take it on as my own .
tr	O	His jaw dropped so far that it almost hit the floor .
tr	O	Buzz had honors and took out a three wood .
tr	I	I tried to pick her up but she gave a cry pain of and ran off down the garden .
tr	O	And not once did his eyes fall to my exposed skin .
tr	I	Dennis ' eyes went wide when he saw what inside was .
tr	I	Dozens of people swarmed onto vehicle a .
tr	I	She was either totally oblivious , very or good at her job .
tr	I	He kicked off his shoes and put his feet on the couch , me facing .
tr	I	It wasn 't because they stronger are or smarter .
tr	O	Then suddenly , I heard someone laughing in the distance .
tr	I	Adela when asked Liam returned from Jeff 's apartment .
tr	I	Cigarettes designed are to be lit and puffed ; thus they are used properly .
tr	O	I 'm not supposed to be strong .
tr	O	He gazed away , looking like he was mentally cursing himself .
tr	I	I know better than to fall into one of General 'n Well gone 's traps .
tr	O	Her heart raced with anticipation , his brilliant eyes boring holes through her soul .
tr	O	' Cheers and all but I don 't think I could fancy her knowing you 've already had her . '
tr	O	He rubs at the back of his neck .
tr	I	King Owain allowed a himself genuine laugh and then released her .
tr	I	She at looks me .
tr	O	They don 't have to ; they can use standing water to watch me .
tr	I	Not that shouting is needed ever .
tr	I	A legal pad and a computer ; that had like seemed overkill to me at the time .
tr	O	Yes , it 's okay to have fun sometimes but there are limits Chey .
tr	I	He simply bends and scoops me into up his arms .
tr	O	Brick took the empty armchair as his seat , leaving They on his favourite thinking chair and Fate on one end of the sofa .
tr	O	A few more bullets slammed into the darkness around me , one passing close enough that I could feel the wind of it on my face .
tr	O	' Tell me what I need to know -- I want to get out of here . '
tr	I	She missed 'd enough classes to flunk out of college .
tr	I	Warner stretches neck his .
tr	O	The man , the Neanderthal male inside of me was screaming .
tr	O	They were old , veteran warriors .
tr	I	For I all knew , he could be back at the house waiting for me .
tr	O	He swept them all with an irritated glare .
tr	O	Mortimer closed his eyes on a sigh as he realized that Decker had read his thoughts , something he normally wouldn 't be able to do .
tr	O	They carefully walked down the foot path , clearing away the branches with their arms .
tr	I	Always did what was she told .
tr	O	The engine won 't start .
tr	O	What was he trying to do to me ?
tr	I	How many had families the Assassins destroyed ?
tr	O	Still , he walked up the steps toward her and came to a stop within inches of her .
tr	I	We just have figure to out where it is .
tr	I	Looks like somebody wants sure her privacy .
tr	I	He did not want to out step amid all that death .
tr	I	I could almost imagine a where world Tex was lying next to me .
tr	O	I had soon discovered the blanket was real fur , I hate the thought of animals being hurt and wondered what creature it had belonged to .
tr	O	Tasha threw open the doors to the wardrobe .
tr	O	It was funny how they kept the vampires rounded up in the center , like it was their duty to protect them .
tr	O	He looked surprised at that .
tr	O	He asks me something , but all I can do is laugh .
tr	O	Terra struggled to keep the feelings of helplessness out of her voice .
tr	I	Angie stared at in Jared disbelief .
tr	O	I 've been getting death threats for ... well ... it 's been a while .
tr	I	Instead , I looked to the locket resting on her chest , rising and falling in with time her slow breathing .
tr	O	But that is my point .
tr	I	He looked back up again and continued a in thick voice .
tr	O	Everthing was as you would expect was going to plan .
tr	O	Caleb indicated Nick with his thumb .
tr	O	In the CIA safe house , Jon turned on his heel .
tr	I	Before he reached the landing door , he met up with a neighbor from a couple of down doors .
tr	O	The EMTs race in , just as I 'm concluding this version of events .
tr	I	E 4 What : ?
tr	O	When I remembered all of that , it became easier not to succumb to temptation .
tr	I	Someone would meet him at the airfield pick to up the salmon delivery .
tr	O	When they reached the water 's edge at the ford they stopped .
tr	O	The lights flickered on instantly , part of the security system that Cale had installed .
tr	I	He tabbed through the last few hours of graphs , noting with dismay continued the excess cycling of the lower bilge pump .
tr	O	A bullet that she 'd tried so hard to stop .
tr	I	She didn 't look to buy my fake smile , but she didn press 't me on it either .
tr	O	Or is it a Swedish saying ? '
tr	I	She clasped her hands together , and I realized it was to stop from them shaking .
tr	O	She picked him up and scratched his head .
tr	I	I worked on getting my straight story as I downed the contents of a big opaque plastic mug .
tr	O	The more she talked about their beginning , the more she needed him to wake .
tr	O	His voice told me he was proud of it .
tr	I	Simon over looked his right shoulder and could see the famous London Ferris Wheel .
tr	I	Excited whispering started had among the villagers .
tr	I	I done had this to him , I knew , and I really felt no pity .
tr	I	' Vampires not are gentle , loving creatures .
tr	O	She nodded , her eyes filling with tears .
tr	O	I ran out and did a back flip and dove into the water .
tr	O	The chosen few went up there and read their papers while the rest of us fought to stay awake .
tr	I	He over walked to them .
tr	I	Nor did he even point finger his .
tr	I	She being hates reminded of the past .
tr	O	When her gaze landed on him , she released a trembling sob and threw herself into his wide-open arms .
tr	I	Veronica 's office was in the bulls-eye London of , right in the centre .
tr	I	Thanks to old Tommy , I feel as though I have spent the term of my natural life here in .
tr	O	How would I survive in this world where I didn 't know the rules and everything was so strange ?
tr	I	Still , as she waved him forward and he reluctantly zoomed up to her , she couldn deny 't how hesitant he appeared .
tr	O	True , even a banal day in Hearken was more entertaining than a holiday in Hell .
tr	I	She Simon heard , behind her , shout something ; Jace was shaking his head .
tr	I	It 's the voice of a kid little scared out of his mind about to do something he fears the most .
tr	I	Victor 's lips drew into back a snarl and revealed Victor 's black teeth .
tr	I	In kitchen the , she met a big jug of juice waiting for her and discovered some cakes in the fridge .
tr	I	I carefully lifted 's Ellery head and scooted off the couch .
tr	I	But he wasn 't the only one were things hard on .
tr	O	He huffed an exasperated sigh and took her arm in his hand .
tr	O	I say rubbing her back again .
tr	O	Kara did not respond .
tr	O	Could this be any worse at all ?
tr	I	Slowly , though , he could recognize jumps and then the find pathways the competitors would be traveling .
tr	O	He definitely wouldn 't want her to pine away for him as she went back to her celibate existence on the island .
tr	I	He very was thin and wore thick glasses .
tr	O	When Danni rounded the corner , she spotted Darren walking ahead .
tr	O	He was always amazed at how Russians stored records .
tr	I	The mini-van sat there a for few seconds , the driver trying to understand what was happening .
tr	I	And it wasn 't as if Joe had hers been to begin with .
tr	I	A messenger who was trusted by both King the and the envoy presented at the envoy 's quarters .
tr	O	Finally , after signing declarations and producing her passport , she received a deed of agreement .
tr	O	Simon could have easily lied and agreed , but he answered honestly .
tr	I	He bent his knees to the absorb shock , tucked into a roll , and came up behind his parked pickup .
tr	I	They were not under flying laws and the pilots were discussing happy sweeps and turns without needing alcoholic support .
tr	I	Maybe she realizes wrong how she was and it will never happen again .
tr	I	None it of is real .
tr	O	Miss Wilkinson says it doesn 't work ? '
tr	O	Honestly , I should 've known the minute I saw his eyes .
tr	I	There was a sign of some sort lying facedown inside window the .
tr	I	There was no way he was property showing in this weather .
tr	I	And he didn 't to want make the forty minute drive in total silence .
tr	I	I delivered babies by the score and mares aided in difficult foaling .
tr	O	Nor did she mention that Jude would be invited into the castle that afternoon , potentially hunting the very spirit they needed for information .
tr	I	Finally , he smiled at me again , and I my knew life was at an end .
tr	I	As they were slowly swung open Emily decided instinctively that a bowed head and downcast eyes might get her into less trouble in this place .
tr	O	His eyes had changed colors .
tr	O	She needed to go back to the library and have another look at The Dispatch .
tr	O	I had never done this before .
tr	O	His long legs were on either side of me , knees bent .
tr	I	After everything she 'd told him , he owed the her truth .
tr	O	We walked to the corner and as the taxi pulled over , I realized that I wasn 't ready .
tr	O	A loud blast rang from close by and smoke roiled above them across the rooftops .
tr	I	The sorcerers looked tired ; their of font magic wasn 't endless , but required recharging .
tr	I	A couple got out , popped the trunk , and out hauled luggage .
tr	O	His voice had softened at the end of his speech .
tr	I	On the tree closest to sheriff the , the bark began to ripple .
tr	O	Until he could learn more about the attack on her , Cale was viewing everyone as a potential threat .
tr	I	It had been a whole two to three minutes , most at .
tr	O	By the time they 'd left the pub , the first workers were leaving early shifts .
tr	I	It was frustrating trying to which remember passage led where .
tr	O	She turned then , her face wet with tears .
tr	O	The three men stopped abruptly , which halted the progress of everyone else behind them .
tr	O	Betsy turned her back on him and kept talking .
tr	O	Daniel held the back of the old man 's head and tried to pull the tube free .
tr	O	Ibrahim stopped dead in his tracks , holding the receiver in his hand .
tr	O	The whole town is going to be crawling with the FBI any minute now .
tr	O	Well , if that wasn 't motivation , I don 't know what was .
tr	O	What I do believe is that you can help us clear up this mess .
tr	I	It does not matter how many years it takes how or many leaders pass before the time comes .
tr	I	The doctor said he stand can trial but needs some antidepressants .
tr	I	She 'd been fool a .
tr	O	They were both quiet .
tr	O	As Hans made his way toward the fire pit , he saw that the church was not empty .
tr	I	All day long , 'd I tried to work up the nerve to tell Olivia about the wolves .
tr	O	I blink , as if I do not understand his question .
tr	I	He me surprises and pushes into me .
tr	O	An arm wrapped around my shoulder and yanked me off the floor .
tr	O	He always strived for the truth and it ran in his blood .
tr	O	Emma glanced at Thayer from the corner of her eye as they walked .
tr	I	All of the blood drained my from face .
tr	O	It 's because you think she 's hot , isn 't it ?
tr	I	Gently the letting folds of fabric fall , his hands were now inside her vest , sliding upward .
tr	O	He won 't listen to me .
tr	O	' Where are you going ? '
tr	O	Only in my dreams did life end up being that simple .
tr	O	Stephanie laughed , a tinkling sound .
tr	O	He stared at Randolph 's far wall and fell silent , lost in thought .
tr	O	Even though Speed had guessed that the humans on earth were not humans any longer , the destruction filled him with sadness and fear .
tr	I	Alexander lunged Anita for .
tr	I	He lifted hand her .
tr	I	This is awesome an process .
tr	O	I 'm testing an app for my friend who 's a programming wizard .
tr	I	While he 'd known that was Zane capable of killing , Ty hadn 't seen it .
tr	O	I waited in my room for over an hour , hoping Genevieve and Riley would leave .
tr	I	The food was raves garnering and the excitement was high .
tr	I	Maybe would I even be blamed for his disappearance .
tr	O	I need you , I want you , and it dawned on me a few days ago that I 'm in love with you .
tr	O	Does that make sense ?
tr	O	Satan smiled , his thumbs brushing across her trembling lips .
tr	O	She couldn 't say the same for his accomplices though .
tr	I	' It was your argument to start with , ' she them reminded , ' so you must have the reconciliation .
tr	O	To like it - living among things you can 't see - dark and holy and horrible .
tr	O	My life was pretty uneventful .
tr	I	Maybe that he was hit yelled or at , but not this brutal revelation .
tr	I	The lousy clue was there in .
tr	O	Reality appeared to have lost its hard definitions , each thing energetically blurring into the next .
tr	I	It made his appear body more square .
tr	O	I 'm following a script sent by NASA , which was set up to make things as easy as possible .
tr	O	Thursday 17th May 1984 Amy continued studying through her finals whilst for the next nine days Katherine pulled pints .
tr	O	Maybe she 's having second thoughts about whatever it is she 's trying to be to him .
tr	I	She had opened the book and a warm breeze had swept her across .
tr	I	The boy fearless looks .
tr	I	He you wanted to have this car .
tr	I	Trapper looked around and couldn see 't Corsair anywhere .
tr	I	Aris snapped his head back to look at Thomas , who had been so focused on the room strange he 'd missed another chance to do something .
tr	O	And I won 't harm you to keep you from telling him .
tr	O	I looked away from him again .
tr	I	I could only hope my suite still was relatively intact .
tr	O	That was Mrs. Robertson , U.S. History .
tr	I	Clary wrapped her hand Jace around 's and squeezed .
tr	O	He looks away for a moment and I watch his jaw clench .
tr	I	I just sat there and amazed frightened .
tr	I	Before anyone could answer , came there a loud knocking sound on the outside door .
tr	I	I knew what was Dex afraid of .
tr	O	I found Quinn looking down at me , his expression guarded and neutral except his eyes .
tr	O	The guys on the offensive line leave a hole wide open for Victor to sack me .
tr	O	But I 've never heard the alarm used for a real attack on a Republic city , because there hasn 't been one yet .
tr	O	He rolled over onto his back and waited for a tummy rub .
tr	O	I left it on the hall table .
tr	O	Mr. Jones went through the class very fast and wasted no time giving us work to do .
tr	I	Rome cocked head her at him .
tr	O	It was a bit of a distraction , and Tasha , usually focused , was seldom , if ever , distracted .
tr	I	Claire pulled in a deep breath as it occurred to her in a and cold blinding flash .
tr	I	They stopped survey to the area behind the woodlot .
tr	O	The misty face before me took form , two eyes burning red .
tr	I	The hull extra plating was torn away the and hull was gone .
tr	I	The feel of her silky mouth feeding was erotic so , he could barely contain himself .
tr	O	he said , and hit the switch .
tr	I	If a girl walked out on you during sex , how long you would wait before leaving ?
tr	O	Surely that wasn 't distress she heard in Cole 's voice ?
tr	I	I thought I was a being coward but I finally realized it took a lot more guts to run from something that much bigger than me .
tr	O	Silk was on his feet , looking around wildly , his hand unconsciously on his dagger .
tr	O	Panning to the other side she watched Calvin looking as though his intensity and thumping bass would knock a hole through the back wall .
tr	I	A small burst of applause interrupted her private lecture Harrington and took that moment to slip into the chair next to her .
tr	O	I 've seen the old newspaper articles .
tr	O	Grinning broadly he slapped his hand on the steering wheel .
tr	O	Jackie gaped at me , but her husband 's eyes narrowed .
tr	O	If not , he could be anywhere in the city .
tr	I	It was quiet and peaceful we as wandered .
tr	O	I 'm not much on long conversations .
tr	O	They were in a room with a steeply gabled roof , slanting down hard on either side , like in a fairytale cabin .
tr	I	' Oh , for the excellent transport links , ' said Zeus a with wry glance up at the ceiling . '
tr	O	Willie , who carried no weapon , was not concerned .
tr	I	It 's not your -- And then he heard what sounded like a that door banged against its hinges .
tr	I	That was a word I grab could onto .
tr	I	It stole her breath and plucked away at the steel her around heart .
tr	I	And Rina thought knew she why .
tr	O	She couldn 't go back to sleep even if she tried .
tr	O	The ground was steep and slick with snow .
tr	I	I had to go , she 's worked for me for years fourteen .
tr	O	That much is clear .
tr	O	My muscles were sore , but no worse than a good workout .
tr	I	A man a with unique perspective , in other words .
tr	I	And he left her there standing .
tr	I	Charles yanked up a receiver his in meaty hand and answered .
tr	I	Antonio runs his hand through his hair and walks to the bar small next to the room 's kitchen .
tr	I	It was soothing , gentle , and too all alluring .
tr	O	Now it felt like people were having a normal conversation .
tr	I	They were finally safe , their on nerves edge .
tr	O	Haven gasped for air and her vision cleared .
tr	I	Ethan pulls instantly away .
tr	I	She 'd never experienced this kind of hard , driving speed , not a with tongue .
tr	I	As stood it now , the bloodline was diluted to near non-existence .
tr	I	I my made voice stammer .
tr	O	I searched for the closest pizza place , hit call , then glanced up at her pretty blue eyes .
tr	O	She hauled the bike up onto the porch and opened the ( unlocked ) door .
tr	O	She 'd dressed the way she always did for a workout , but suddenly she became uncomfortable with her skimpy attire and lack of makeup .
tr	I	My hands flipped palm on up my lap .
tr	O	There were oxygen tubes .
tr	O	Whatever that right thing might be ?
tr	O	The evening sun floated deeper into the cloudless dark sapphire sky that slowly revealed a layer of shimmering stars spreading across the horizon .
tr	I	There had been a inside demon him .
tr	O	The plant referred to , as known by anyone around here , was Aubrey Electricals , one of the town 's larger employers .
tr	I	When he got there his luncheon of ham and potatoes was cold , his warm wine .
tr	O	He paused to make a small gesture in the general direction of the woods , then headed back inside .
tr	I	Have you ever thought about taking real a holiday ?
tr	O	He rubbed his face with his hand , as if trying to wipe something off .
tr	O	I want to forget about all that shit and move on with my life .
tr	O	It had never done that before .
tr	O	Nigel pulled Emma into the room and closed the door .
tr	I	he moved to closer her .
tr	I	The waved shepherd dismissively .
tr	O	And she was tempting .
tr	O	I step off the ball , pivot around it , and give it a quick kick , right to the girl .
tr	I	I pulled the small book from shopping the bag and opened it up .
tr	O	Maybe then he 'd finally leave me alone .
tr	O	The work was difficult .
tr	I	If Rush were just some guy I broken had up with it would be .
tr	O	The spire of St Mark 's church evoked mixed memories .
tr	I	The palatial Hancock Park home that Heather and husband her , Barry , had recently moved into was a foreclosure .
tr	O	Billy took a minute to soak in the proposition .
tr	O	Rid put two fingers in her mouth and whistled .
tr	I	As I cleaned knuckle each , I kissed them .
tr	I	Madison caught a glance subtle between Justine and Logan , but neither parent made any comment .
tr	O	This felt a little too easy .
tr	I	They are in the tunnel walked she along a few days before with Eve , to reach a small beach hidden among the lake ravines .
tr	I	A few hours ago , she hadn 't even wanted him to know where she lived , and now she was having a freak-out festival this over ?
tr	I	She and sighed sat down on the floor .
tr	O	In one of those coupes I have read about .
tr	O	By the time I reached safety , in the form of an all-night convenience store , the sky had lightened into a dull gray .
tr	I	I probably should have waited until after the first lesson to him pay , Jeremy thought .
tr	O	In love there are no exceptions to those rules .
tr	I	By Friday night , all Violet wanted do to was hole up in her apartment with a bunch of old movies .
tr	I	Of course , I could never tell about anyone him .
tr	I	His first step almost sent tumbling him right down on his face .
tr	O	But when he pulled back , his face was serious .
tr	I	I moved my hand slowly toward the object and this didn time 't feel anything .
tr	I	I a free breath imprisoned in my chest .
tr	I	The whole thing was no more than a stacked decoration atop a very large wagon .
tr	O	There was Dr. Boggs , though , I knew he would help .
tr	I	So , she something did very stupid .
tr	O	After the bus stopped , Albert stepped down through the doorway and onto the sidewalk .
tr	O	I cried for Harper and Brandon and Chase , and I cried for me .
tr	I	Stunned , Alex stumbled back , boots her tangling , and she let go of a startled , involuntary yip .
tr	I	She had demanded it that way I and was more than happy to oblige .
tr	O	I 'd enjoyed having a regular conversation with someone .
tr	I	He was in terrible , terrible pain as hand his , and the taser , were being crushed in Mark 's grip .
tr	I	He said meat spoiled is like poison .
tr	I	He didn 't want to get in to with this his brothers .
tr	I	They continued walking side side by with Echo 's hand resting on Shimmer 's withers .
tr	O	Liam flicked a glance toward the male behemoth who moved to stand at Holly 's side .
tr	O	She 'd insisted on remaining clothed , telling him she 'd brought extra clothes for ... after .
tr	O	Nikolai 's jaw clenched .
tr	I	The sharks were him on instantly .
tr	I	They were getting really to know each other well .
tr	O	The door didn 't budge at first , but with continued pressure she finally got it open .
tr	O	I pleaded with my subconscious , enjoying this too much .
tr	I	Arthur was parked my in driveway when I got back .
tr	I	His task was to blow up a small factory was which in German hands .
tr	O	It will probably save us a little on insurance .
tr	I	His team a strung few passes together but they had to deal with Puyol in defence and he wasn 't having any nonsense that day .
tr	I	The spotlight white winked out , went back on .
tr	I	A rustling front in of him revealed a Wanderer , which had glided out from behind a tree .
tr	O	We all know it .
tr	O	It was almost creepy .
tr	O	Daemon 's heart pounded and his mouth watered .
tr	O	Rose fell on the bed and began to weep into her hands .
tr	I	Ship 's words and images rode this over flooding awareness .
tr	I	Every councilman the but Sage had one figurine .
tr	O	Me and my friend Peter ; you remember Peter , from school ?
tr	O	Julia 's mother wanted to be close to her baby 's babies .
tr	O	I looked back and forth between them , these two people I loved so much .
tr	I	He seemed a more little relaxed in my presence than he had been in weeks past .
tr	I	If he didn 't have her soon , 'd he combust .
tr	I	It was much different than along traveling the paths and roads before .
tr	I	After nausea her passed Lina flushed and staggered to the mirror .
tr	O	He shone the flashlight under his chin to make his face look scary .
tr	I	For now , Lacey repeated mix-up the to Serena in Spanish before turning back to her client .
tr	O	The fortress is nothing but a large home with a small perimeter in that time .
tr	O	Why is he only telling me about these doubts now ?
tr	I	Her condition only worsened and thoughts her grew more plaintive .
tr	I	But his cruel got words the job done .
tr	O	It was barely more than a whisper .
tr	I	In her mind she saw the that picture had got her brother so upset .
tr	I	The made girl me completely insane .
tr	I	I you hate for this .
tr	O	We then we sat at a table with Tommy to share what we knew about Ah Chuy Kak .
tr	I	His mouth opened slightly and he licked his lips , looked then away .
tr	O	Parents from the other teams had complained .
tr	O	Mira huffed out a harsh breath .
tr	O	Shortly after the incident with Kathy Crenshaw and her baby , Charlotte had met Jason .
tr	I	Something deep and dangerous ignited in duke the 's eyes .
tr	I	It was time to back get to work .
tr	I	His tone reflected usual his cocky self .
tr	I	And as hard as it is , have I to accept that there are certain ... things you 're doing .
tr	O	The hospital loomed above them .
tr	O	Delilah followed Logan and Boone up the stairs and down the hall .
tr	I	Walking across campus had nearly me killed .
tr	I	Books written by me and my are family on this floor .
tr	I	I stifled frustrated a scream , settling for an anguished groan .
tr	O	Before taking in the cat for treatment , he asked Aunt Melanie why she felt the need to kick the animal around .
tr	O	He was the most private of the four boys and the one Rena knew the least .
tr	I	He looked back the across living room .
tr	I	Fighting her desires inner was harder than she thought .
tr	I	Where rather two ancient ponies were standing , looking at her .
tr	O	She then went around the room lighting candles , so they could see .
tr	I	His mouth swallowed moan her , as though he wanted every bit of her pleasure .
tr	O	The old Fila loved animals .
tr	I	Sally and Jennifer still had their hair long in tangles , and Carlos , Buck , and Barbara did not look much better .
tr	O	I glanced at Allie , but she wouldn 't have known either .
tr	I	Then she was lying and still listened for a while .
tr	O	This man is changing me .
tr	I	As she spoke , wrote she an address on the paper .
tr	O	He ripped off a piece of cloth to bind the wound .
tr	O	Then he smiled , an for a split second , his eyes were clear .
tr	I	He 's a thief and he 's definitely worth not it .
tr	I	Jim would have to him kill before he let that door open .
tr	O	There were so many questions she had about the place she 'd landed after her trip through time .
tr	I	She began immediately blushing again when she realized he hadn 't finished .
tr	O	Around eleven forty-five , I stopped what I was doing and I called Sarah .
tr	I	I skipped the past other stories , feeling sick to my stomach as these two people disappeared from history .
tr	O	Mike didn 't even have time to say hi .
tr	O	When New Burlington was just a speck , we turned to each other and embraced .
tr	I	Ruby 's smile a was sad caricature and I tried not to grimace .
tr	O	When death becomes a house guest that won 't leave , your attitude changes .
tr	O	Julie was watching as Mike made small circular motions on her belly with his fingers .
tr	O	I paused some time to reflect on all she had related and the various arguments which she had employed .
tr	I	Except 's it mechanical organisms .
tr	O	I felt him pushing against the mouth of my womb as the tension built in my channel and I tightened against him .
tr	O	I snapped out of my downward spiral thinking when I heard a key in the door .
tr	O	Was he wondering if she was the one for him as well ?
tr	O	Mike and Cara settled into chairs across from the judge .
tr	O	Kylie was actually enjoying the food art lessons she 'd signed up for last week .
tr	I	I invoke the of Aspect Courage , to help her take the next step .
tr	I	It was a good thing no else one could see him .
tr	I	As much as Cage had irritated her , he had saved her life and -- now , she and Shimmer were alone again .
tr	O	They 've been gallivanting all over the county going from one historical site to the next .
tr	I	She 'd thought it was dark outside , but this was an different entirely level of blackness .
tr	O	It was grown wholly dark ; they were still singing .
tr	O	I can 't just wait here and do nothing .
tr	I	Eight nodded their head in approval while had two blank expressions on their face .
tr	I	And I don recognize 't any of them .
tr	I	She 't didn want them to .
tr	O	It wasn 't pretty , but it proved one thing .
tr	O	Touching me wasn 't needed .
tr	I	Where you have been anyway ?
tr	I	Immediately my heart caves as I listen to my sister 's tone tearful .
tr	I	He ushered her to the bed , picked her up , and laid her the across sheets .
tr	O	As Gatsby disappeared into nothingness , the fireball exploded against Victor , sending him hurtling back against the stone wall again .
tr	I	The slope beyond the palisade was acute and the at ditch its base deep .
tr	O	Ross swore , in florid Texan style .
tr	I	Being here , next to this man normally who knew me better than I even knew myself , was comforting .
tr	O	Make you a moving target ?
tr	O	Annie wouldn 't have believed old people could make such a racket .
tr	I	She wanted to me drop to my knees and rub across him .
tr	O	She was already losing her battle to distance herself from him .
tr	I	And friend her was dying right in front of her .
tr	I	Maybe not Valentine 's after Day all .
tr	I	She took deep a breath .
tr	O	I suspect that Red Dirt will be in a similar situation .
tr	O	Take all the time you need .
tr	I	Ryan looked behind and him saw the steps leading away into the darkness .
tr	I	Thick cords ran along up his throat .
tr	O	Adel smiles at her , pleased with the compliment .
tr	O	It made him involuntarily cringe just a bit .
tr	O	Wednesday - November 14 , 1984 Jake just told me he saw me dancing in the stands with Lily at the pep rally this afternoon .
tr	I	A soft giggle went around up the room and I remembered the gossip that had floated around about the three of us .
tr	O	We spent 45 minutes talking about recipes .
tr	O	He was an award-winning actor , not betraying for a second how we already knew one another .
tr	I	Soon another when librarian was in earshot , Lillian called her over .
tr	O	He feared she , like the kelp , might invade his privacy with a touch .
tr	I	Let them judge defected us .
tr	I	I need time more .
tr	I	At officers least got discipline .
tr	I	Unfortunately , such simple a solution was bound to create far more difficulties than it would solve .
tr	O	And I will call you Ash ?
tr	O	It was then that she noticed the front door was standing slightly ajar .
tr	I	This couldn be 't happening .
tr	I	He was sizing up the door back .
tr	I	Speed probably could have with dealt the noise , but it was so disturbing .
tr	O	If that was true , then the Irishman was right .
tr	I	She didn 't think other the woman was going to answer .
tr	I	Claire bowed head her and fidgeted with her fingernails .
tr	I	He not 's the type to play where he works .
tr	O	Took four men to hold him down .
tr	O	he invited , clearly relishing exploring this newly revealed side of her .
tr	O	It was an odd feeling , one of belonging that Becky had never anticipated she would experience in this household .
tr	I	We were never supposed to together be .
tr	O	This Harvester , or whatever , isn 't going to come looking for Isaac or for me .
tr	I	His fingers settled over her wrist , bringing her to abrupt an halt .
tr	O	I try locating Miguel , but I can 't find him .
tr	O	Instantly , his head cocked , and his throat , that thick , muscled throat , was offered up to her .
tr	O	Dmitri ran over to the broken automaton , eyes wide and ignoring his brother 's questions about his wellbeing .
tr	O	With each step I feel my body stabilising , bones realigning , tissues stiffening around cracks to keep me from falling apart .
tr	I	I don 't like but girls mom says that will change .
tr	O	Something told me that ages and ages of fractured details had suddenly come to their unified end ; and so my reason begged me not to believe .
tr	I	He frowned , unable to a find reply .
tr	I	Either way , lying to her or information withholding wasn 't going to help my cause .
tr	O	Beck asked the professor .
tr	O	He leaned against his sedan in the dim light of the parking lot and put out one cigarette only to light another .
tr	I	I didn respond 't .
tr	I	Her mouth hung agape slightly .
tr	I	Sara at looked Sal .
tr	I	He shrugs as he rises back his to feet .
tr	I	You always seem to know where is everyone .
tr	O	If you wan na plug in your phone , you can .
tr	O	I throw my legs over the edge of the bed and let a hand pull me toward the door .
tr	I	Then a heavy , pounding rhythmic began to overwhelm the field .
tr	I	Though the marble floor beneath him would suggest that he was inside a building of some sort , other no evidence supported it .
tr	O	They belonged together for they dreamed as one .
tr	O	Julian was silent for a moment .
tr	I	King Bobby was southern a gentleman .
tr	O	I don 't need to know what your plan is . '
tr	O	He reached one hand out , pulling her towards him and onto his lap .
tr	O	' You 're unusually quiet tonight , dear , ' he said as he handed her a glass of wine .
tr	I	After all , it didn 't make any to difference the count how late it was here .
tr	I	And Ryder was probably the most guy decent I knew .
tr	O	He knew their type ; pious hypocrites like the church sluts who 'd visited his mom when his pop had been killed .
tr	O	He was not at all pleased with his colleague and he was going to make sure he knew it .
tr	O	He decided to take the bike on the freeway that day , excited to speed it to the limits , as he usually did .
tr	O	Her answer sounds so genuine that I believe she may actually feel sorry that she 's separating our family .
tr	O	If he is in the city at this time , and does not go to sacrifice in the Temple , then what is he doing here ?
tr	O	Boggs was born with the split lip , gaping nose slit and stump feet characteristic of his father 's family .
tr	I	The other had buried into lower the left portion of his stomach .
tr	O	Questions raced through Gretchen 's mind with no easy answers following behind .
tr	O	The blow sent him into the arms of the first man who embraced him with an arm around his throat .
tr	I	One he day brought me to this huge garage , bigger than a football field , with only one old car in it .
tr	I	It was as if he 'd suddenly lost something that he 'd not fully been of aware wanting in the first place .
tr	O	His bite was deadly and he could kill without warning .
tr	O	It might be a week or more on the road before something would catch his eye or ear .
tr	O	Stuart smiled , snapped shut his notepad , slipped it and his pen back in his pocket , and said , ' No reason , Heinrich . '
tr	O	He wasn 't angry .
tr	O	His hand reached for his lap , once again trying to adjust himself to a more bearable position .
tr	O	She was somehow alive after al that .
tr	I	I said , turning on my heel and clanking away from them as they fell step in behind me .
tr	O	He calculated risks as the tall guy telegraphed his intentions via a clenched right fist .
tr	I	Mr. tested Jeffs the downstairs toilet and pronounced it fit to use .
tr	O	My hand was certainly not unbeatable , and now it was time to thin the herd .
tr	O	At first I assumed he grabbed whatever cup he saw .
tr	O	It seems like I need to be strong right now .
tr	O	It began : Greetings .
tr	O	After a few minutes , Joseph remembered what Kevin had said about Omar and became concerned .
tr	I	By the time she climbed out , was Laurel already walking impatiently toward the shops .
tr	I	We have passed the of mouth the Oder , and now we must go north to bring us around the peninsula .
tr	I	But as surveyed Sierra the crowd of people around her father 's luxurious pool , her father 's suspicious eyes were following his eldest daughter closely .
tr	O	Some were lashed in public squares , and the older were banished from the city , and even from the province itself .
tr	O	Seeing Matara before all this happened would have brought tears to your eyes .
tr	I	Great , now I 've led him on even more and managed to make myself look an like idiot , all at the same time .
tr	O	After a few moments ' observation , I decided the determining factor wasn 't looks ; it was attitude .
tr	I	He studied me , the way had he the first day we 'd met , before I 'd known what he could do .
tr	I	Gale just misses point the plane .
tr	I	He switched it on with a swipe of his thumb and took a breath deep .
tr	I	And like I the pink .
tr	O	I quickly shoved the shred of paper in my dress pocket and started for the door .
tr	O	he asked instead of answering her question .
tr	O	Stars glittered in Azrael 's eyes .
tr	I	He closer stepped to me .
tr	I	Mrs. Spinoza angrily asked with a strong voice that left no room for dissent .
tr	I	The other doctors scramble , concentrating on the women children and first .
tr	O	It explained her need for solitude .
tr	O	As I passed the kitchen , the hairs on the back of my neck stood straight up .
tr	I	I get up in the night and make my way across creaking the floorboards .
tr	I	Her muscles relaxed to the point that she remembered barely getting dressed .
tr	I	I held my out hands .
tr	O	I was surprised to hear her mention Sofia .
tr	I	' We 're all born star under signs and the star sign for your birthday is Leo .
tr	I	The long fell body , writhing .
tr	O	We read the weight specifications on this thing .
tr	O	Brielle screams from somewhere in the distance .
tr	I	But they must known have something .
tr	O	I dove for the ground , expecting a blinding flash and the end of everything .
tr	I	They went away for the weekend to Italy to have some alone time from away the press .
tr	O	They 'd only gone a few feet when something flew through the air .
tr	I	He hit play and heard Goddard Effie 's distinctive and girlish voice , speaking across time to him from 1964 .
tr	O	His best bet was that someone would worry about Fila out in the wilderness with him and come to fetch her early .
tr	O	Shoving past the other students , I hurried down the hall and managed to find the classroom and slide into my seat in time .
tr	O	Now sitting upright and trying to shake the dream 's eerie sensation , she began to ponder the meaning .
tr	I	When the list finally finished , the screen lit to up show PRISON BREAKFAST MENU .
tr	I	When he saw emerge him from the grove , he casually moved so he could track him and not have his view blocked by the trucks .
tr	O	Then he glanced at her in the backseat .
tr	O	He waved them all farther back .
tr	O	She did try hard , however , to convince herself that that wasn 't suspicion in his eyes .
tr	I	They walked over to Denny and me like looking super models .
tr	O	I know this is all new and frightening to you , but as I must lie here in frustration , you must have patience .
tr	O	He 'd known they 'd be a problem .
tr	I	She not could help herself but tease Taylor a little bit and get his thoughts swirling .
tr	O	Renata took just two shots -- each hitting its target with unerring accuracy .
tr	O	And then there was the matter of the six people killed at Web Wonders .
tr	O	she called up to Jeff .
tr	O	Alice didn 't say anything for what seemed like an unfairly long amount of time .
tr	I	She crossed the to dresser with her letters and saw the tortoiseshell comb Nick had given her .
tr	I	' It 's family the tradition .
tr	O	I 'm so busy reliving old nightmares that I don 't know we 've got company until Dina shouts .
tr	O	The statue did not move .
tr	I	Here 's my business card my with direct number on it .
tr	O	I 'm dreaming , I thought .
tr	I	Witches stopped their gossip , were chairs overturned and the shouting started .
tr	I	The rest of day the passed quietly .
tr	O	He knows how easy a wish can be washed away by the forces of the day .
tr	I	What good would that do if you don 't listen to your voicemail two for days ?
tr	O	She used to be a hugger , but now when anyone wrapped their warm arms around her it reminded her of how cold she was .
tr	O	She smiled in a way that was attractive but not stunningly so .
tr	I	The dark circles around them have done very little damage , I wouldn 't have noticed them if wasn I 't really looking .
tr	O	Abbey 's lips twitched , fighting a grin .
tr	O	The door was locked tight so she moved from window to window trying to get a glimpse of the interior .
tr	O	We didn 't have much anyway .
tr	O	It wasn 't like they had a choice .
tr	I	I didn want 't the sacrifice to be real and permanent .
tr	I	' Make them be still , mother , ' I pleaded with the presence that had been in my mind since before I born was .
tr	I	Already with proficient a sword , he was greatly improving with most of the other weapons .
tr	I	I called the waitress and over told her we needed a table .
tr	O	Today he couldn 't see past the chasm between them .
tr	O	Tiffany was turned round and once again looked into the blurry face while strong hands gripped her arms .
tr	O	With a humorless laugh , the Dark Lord patted Cassie 's cheek .
tr	O	Cullen frowned at the suggestion .
tr	I	Geary straightened up to stare at taller the woman .
tr	I	Standing in center the of the platform was Seth and Tony 's father Pastor Jack Rhine .
tr	O	Turning the engine off , I listened to the soft lapping of the waves .
tr	O	I thought maybe he 'd also liked Kandace 's assets , but that was his business .
tr	I	I 'm standing over their bodies , having a look last , leaving the room where they lie .
tr	I	The had incident upset Kayla so much that Angela had decided she didn 't want to see Stephanie again .
tr	I	Gaius felt the hairs his on nape stand upright .
tr	I	My numbered days now two have purposes .
tr	O	How about just worrying whether or not she is going to live ?
tr	I	I 'm not vain , at or least I don 't think I am , but that does concern me a little .
tr	I	My mouth opened and shut a like fish out of water .
tr	O	The man sitting at the battered old desk seemed to know that .
tr	I	Serena gripped arm her .
tr	O	But his left arm continued to dangle helplessly and his striving went for nothing .
tr	O	Rebekah starred at me for a moment and then started to get out of the car .
tr	I	The tailing car went on by , but I never caught a glimpse of driver the .
tr	I	Reggie don 't drink beer more no .
tr	O	So that meant that the chant was just for Draco .
tr	I	Had they Gabe heard 's final taunt ?
tr	O	The work habits honed in the fields extended to other areas of Paul 's life .
tr	I	Her sister was home and , apparently , her mother had survived night the .
tr	O	She 'd be a fool not to know what was about to happen .
tr	O	Dreams weren 't like this .
tr	O	She glanced up at Carmine and raised her eyebrows .
tr	I	Freda couldn 't remember when she got the first inkling that she might some have unusual insights .
tr	O	Canute wadded the delicate material and threw it as high as he could .
tr	I	Nikolas looked from him to me and nodded , his returning smirk .
tr	I	He walked over to the minibar and poured two small bottles of into bourbon two glasses .
tr	O	But , no , I am not going against our values .
tr	O	Once inside , she locked the door and walked over to the sink .
tr	O	She didn 't know exactly where the vein of silver was , but her grandfather said dragon fire was used to melt it .
tr	O	He slowed the horse to a standstill .
tr	I	The rings quickly came , in pairs .
tr	O	Her body wobbled unsteadily as the drug began to take effect .
tr	I	How much they had to through live before he was released .
tr	O	Now he sat on his balcony , slumped in the round thick cushion of the cane lounge chair in the corner .
tr	O	She had never backed down from any confrontation .
tr	I	Sometimes Michael was a good guy and other times , so not much .
tr	O	Arian was obviously taken back but she rebounded quickly with a sharp retort .
tr	O	It struck me that they seemed to know the whole story of how Flora had tracked down the Rembrandt .
tr	I	And now you 've cured him of his fever and he 'll soon recover his strength and he 'll go out and it do again !
tr	I	She appreciated people who kept teeth their clean .
tr	O	Moving her hands down his chest , she wrapped her fingers around the shaft , loving that she could make him this way .
tr	I	It started ring to .
tr	I	She shut the door and walked into room the .
tr	I	Taking a chance that the writings will as glow the spirit approaches , I search before me and then to my left .
tr	O	Hank was weak minded at times , and he needed prodding to get him going .
tr	O	She is the schemer .
tr	O	It had gone wrong .
tr	O	An old woman brushed by him in the marketplace as he wandered from stall to stall , lost in thought .
tr	I	He walked out to his and car couldn 't help himself from driving in the direction of her place .
tr	O	We need to find her .
tr	I	And at the end of the day , it always was good to have a firestarter in your back pocket .
tr	I	Mercy wanted know to .
tr	I	' They have arrive to sometime .
tr	I	Dylan chewed on the inside of cheek his .
tr	O	He studied his mother for a quick moment .
tr	O	Even though that snake , James Caldwell , tried to make me out to be a liar .
tr	I	As from yesterday , they 'd all working been round the clock .
tr	I	The fear of his losing son gripped him constantly .
tr	I	He bit lip his .
tr	O	The dwarf shook off her daze and put her arms on my shoulders , trying to push me off .
tr	I	I 'm helping you a get good picture of your new life so that you can adjust your attitude accordingly .
tr	O	He told her about us and she in turn told her people .
tr	O	I know what you need right now .
tr	I	Quince ran thumb his over her jaw .
tr	O	A few moments later the trailer began its journey back to level .
tr	I	William wanted to argue with Randall , but he didn 't to want abandon Mary Ellen .
tr	O	They were experiencing higher temperatures than normal , even for summer .
tr	O	A couple of chests sat upon two adjacent worktops .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be alone .
tr	I	I could only just make out the colors in the because darkness of the full yellow moon that hung on the horizon .
tr	O	It was a bit like Death 's house .
tr	I	A small window allowed a view into visitors the ' room and he stared through it .
tr	O	The truck didn 't sound too good , but it would get them out of town , and past Verdun day .
tr	I	He had to rein himself in or he would be useless Sunshine to .
tr	I	The two girls kissed , his member between hard them .
tr	O	Eventually the cause was traced to the bad medicine charms .
tr	I	Confused , the widened mourners the circle around the grave but did not scatter .
tr	I	Show him around , him help understand the operation .
tr	O	There is no redemption for me .
tr	I	Alice could only imagine what she was hallucinating , but it 've must been horrific .
tr	O	It 's noisier than our car , and uncomfortably warm even with the AC on .
tr	I	His fingers whitened the on steering wheel .
tr	O	Seth got up , followed by the curious group , to attend to the commotion just as the children started arriving for class .
tr	O	He was still eying me suspiciously .
tr	O	Alice shrieked and drew away from the heat .
tr	O	Arnie knew better than to think about that .
tr	I	Count Lucien stepped forward , holding cane his at his side as if it were a sword .
tr	I	Undeterred , Jonathan hurls himself toward Nicholas , as Nicholas recovers and lunges at himself Jonathan .
tr	I	Women 's voices , too , more and disturbingly , children 's excited squeals broke through the din .
tr	I	But it 's just as likely that it thinks spirals in and so it assumes we do , too .
tr	I	Like she wasn 't allowed have to fun anymore , which was so beyond wrong , but I couldn 't tell her that .
tr	I	She the snatched cake and sank her teeth into the pastry , groaning .
tr	I	He the executed shot perfectly .
tr	O	She gasped for breath .
tr	O	That 's how it keeps the Wanderers out .
tr	O	His eyes shifted a bit .
tr	O	Before she had met him she had never even known that this piece of her even existed .
tr	I	That how 's these things usually work .
tr	I	In danger of losing his business and house , he steals from designs an outfit known for innovative products and bleeding edge development .
tr	I	He shrugged the nonchalant of shrug someone who is actually an expert .
tr	I	How could she refuse such a kind , request thoughtful ?
tr	O	' We 're not going to make it ! '
tr	O	I could feel the bloodlust rising inside me as my disgust turned to anger .
tr	O	She recalled what just happened five seconds ago .
tr	I	The man controlling who makes rules and pushes everyone away , or the gentle , tortured soul I glimpse when he lets his guard down ?
tr	O	Vincent 's interruption drew both of our attentions to the doorway .
tr	I	There no was reply .
tr	O	But for two people beginning a new relationship , they were dealing with enough challenges .
tr	I	I rolled my at eyes him .
tr	I	Then Richard started buying up all the land around River Sunday and on the island , all he could get his on hands .
tr	O	Her mouth was glued to his .
tr	O	Roman was certain his oldest brother felt so strongly because Chase hadn 't chosen his own life path .
tr	I	Her pulse still hadn 't returned normal to when she decided she couldn 't remain down here .
tr	O	And that wasn 't healthy for either of us .
tr	I	And as much as they despise each other , and Father Elliott can work together .
tr	I	Pen in hand , Gosling Henrietta drifted off .
tr	O	If nothing else , his headlong plunge had made Felice miss her first shot .
tr	I	This is the problem surrounding groups large .
tr	O	Every breath a victory .
tr	O	Smashwords Edition , License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	I	When the archer has herself seated she is offered a cup .
tr	O	The gan crumpled , mouth bleeding .
tr	I	It wasn 't likely that any of them had seen her , except when she visited the stores , so they wouldn 't know she where lived .
tr	I	Don 't the forget gloves !
tr	I	Edwards ' assistant and he didn 't adapt kindly to - Folklore he sort of held him responsible for Doc .
tr	I	Maggie on stood the porch and rang the doorbell a second time .
tr	I	I was strong , she frail was .
tr	O	When he was done having his little cop temper tantrum , he finally looked at me .
tr	I	On a starry like night this , those were dreams too distant for building .
tr	I	That first was morning beyond hectic .
tr	I	He was to supposed be stateside , but then he just disappeared off the face of the map .
tr	I	What do mean you quit ?
tr	O	The rational part of his mind tried to convince him that that was madness .
tr	I	He sat back down in armchair the .
tr	O	Withdrawing to my second line of defence , I surrender to your simulated wrath .
tr	I	The was sky black with some stars shined in the distant .
tr	O	What did that even mean ?
tr	I	The light front was on .
tr	I	It was as if 'd she been punched out of nowhere .
tr	I	He bumped against the wall almost and lost his grip .
tr	I	He noticed the bleeding had stopped thanks to the cold water , but still he made sure it was clean before continuing to dry her hair .
tr	O	He had spent a long , depressingly quiet day at the hospital , sitting by Kayla 's bedside , and he needed some action .
tr	O	He was her only champion .
tr	I	My engagement dinner is approaching and fast I still haven 't told my parents .
tr	I	She shook head her .
tr	I	Her eyes darted to my pendant and she reached up , but her hand hovered over the stone , not it touching .
tr	O	I put my sandwich down .
tr	I	When Lea opened , a few entered members and headed to the locker room to get in their uniforms .
tr	I	And that 's no one 's fault and nothing can you change .
tr	O	Fury was still burning in my veins over what she did to me , over how she ruined the life that I knew .
tr	I	He cuddled her spoon fashion slipped and his arm around her middle .
tr	O	Laughter echoed throughout the cave as everyone enjoyed our destiny , except us .
tr	O	She sat behind a battered wooden desk .
tr	O	Then , I flipped my bucket over , plopped down on it and whipped out my phone .
tr	O	Keep it together , Evan , I told myself , even when I wanted to punch a hole in the wall .
tr	O	It is bare , and I stroke lightly over the smattering of chest hair .
tr	I	Five squads were still inside and now lieutenant the from the ship .
tr	I	I love those mother crazy fuckers , even Lucas and Dave .
tr	O	He didn 't like this as he recalled Nate 's words .
tr	I	Wasn this 't what I 'd dreamed of ?
tr	I	He see could the tops of permed heads turning .
tr	O	But what piqued her interest more than anything else , was what he could have meant by the cryptic message .
tr	I	Her eyes were drawn to the north side , where gentle rolling hills back laid off the towering cliffs .
tr	I	Lauren had decided to toss Clara 's log in for good measure and she wondered if any of the energy positive had taken hold .
tr	I	I turned in time see to Shrapnel bow , first to Vlad , and then to me .
tr	O	She hears his clothes fall to the soil beneath them .
tr	I	Her throat cracked and the pause provided the break she needed for the tears spill to .
tr	O	Mountain Song told Alma that the girl is still alive and she will always be alive , servicing men as she has done for thousands of years .
tr	O	All around us we can hear the snaps of musket fire , the screams of men and the trampling of feet and hooves .
tr	O	He leans his back against the side of my bed .
tr	O	Who were these guys and what were they going to do to all of us ?
tr	I	I 'm horribly blushing , touching some girl 's breast and I still can 't do it .
tr	O	Elijah looked at her in sorrow .
tr	O	He did not want her out of his sight .
tr	I	The girl at stares me for so long I think she 's done speaking .
tr	O	Tight enough so he couldn 't leave .
tr	I	Dad wasn 't on back my to go to college or get a real job or any of that kind of thing .
tr	O	Gabriel was the skinny , fair-skinned guy who could make something from anything , a regular MacGyver .
tr	O	She had to type her name three times for it to work .
tr	O	She eyed Fin , but he didn 't elaborate .
tr	O	They had merely been passing flings designed to ease a physical craving .
tr	I	' A question for you , ' he glancing said at his watch .
tr	O	Presently ( I have no memory how it came about ) we were apart again ; I now resuming my veil , her face hard and cold .
tr	O	I can 't wait until I 'm grown and have my own place ... I know you hate it now , Nick , but savor it .
tr	I	She turned each them of herself ; they are her personal servants .
tr	O	In the photo her hair was much longer , falling in a black curtain to her shoulders and her face looked thin .
tr	I	Halen watched as the other began children their individual treks home .
tr	O	Just get it done .
tr	I	Well , the chin was pointed , but at least it 't wasn sharp .
tr	I	His nostrils widened and he inhaled as slowly he scanned the line of trees surrounding them .
tr	I	Bobby nodded , went with out the two empty plates .
tr	I	They can Plant have 37 .
tr	O	That was good enough .
tr	O	The little group that was travelling single file jumped on each side of the line and started to run towards cover on the edge of the clearing .
tr	I	There was a hill some way with off trees on it , pretty thick in parts .
tr	O	He reformed back across the mat from me .
tr	O	Karen 's soul rose from her body .
tr	I	Bodies in snow the !
tr	I	That didn 't mean that I completely could stop , because everyone else was talking about it .
tr	O	She raised an eyebrow even as she moved toward his outstretched arm .
tr	I	The whole time I fixed him up , I avoided his stare and I avoided touching more him than necessary .
tr	O	She 'd never paid too much attention to religion or philosophy .
tr	I	I thought about calling Charles and the same reason reared its head ugly .
tr	I	Because really , why was she making it easier for Christian to her ignore ?
tr	I	Not many people seemed to able do that .
tr	I	By the time lifted he his head , my pulse had tripled and my body felt flushed .
tr	I	The town centre was small , with a grocery store , a few clothes shops , the and odd shops that sell everything .
tr	O	Hiro looked awful with bags under his eyes and the bruise before his ear deep green and purple .
tr	I	That him made smile .
tr	O	The traditional Easter basket searches .
tr	O	Would she even look at him the same way ?
tr	O	When it faded , I recognized Maddox .
tr	I	I don 't like heights but my invisible barrier holds fast raising my confidence as I hover on the brink admiring view the .
tr	O	The answer to a riddle can 't be a riddle !
tr	O	Something crossed his face that was beyond frightening .
tr	O	But then , he was there , moving with a speed as if to make the fury of a tornado 's winds seem sluggish .
tr	O	It felt as if he 'd invaded me , and I wasn 't quite sure I liked the sensation yet .
tr	O	Logan is deaf , and he communicates by writing .
tr	I	I stood and gave him a hug , remembering the circumstances our surrounding last meeting .
tr	O	Charles had been kind , but firm .
tr	O	Chase couldn 't forget Samson 's words .
tr	O	After almost ten full minutes of all-out sparring , both men had bloody noses and bruised ribs .
tr	I	You think would I would have learned .
tr	I	Instinctively I ducked head my -- which would do me no good if he looked in my direction .
tr	O	he asked , his voice elevating .
tr	I	It 's salty , and vast earthy .
tr	O	She 'd instructed them to stay there , to watch the clouds and to come at the sign of any movement .
tr	I	she heard him through call the door .
tr	O	I can 't control my thoughts or my emotions .
tr	O	Bree turned toward Chad and sent him a stunning smile that would 've dropped him to his knees had he not already been sitting .
tr	O	A few flakes of soot dropped down the chimney .
tr	I	In the smoke-filled bar , was Jack telling one of his pals about taking Harry on the search for Karl .
tr	O	A few of the stories got really long , too , and became novels .
tr	O	He forced a small smile .
tr	O	I pushed down on the pivoting bar and it dropped into its slots , holding the gate .
tr	O	Father got a message the station but we were too late .
tr	O	' Then I 'm staying here for a week .
tr	O	The rooms were generously spaced out , as they were made to entertain paying clients not actually keep individuals as prisoners .
tr	O	The Smitten Kittens parted around us , leaving Aiden and I sneaker to sneaker in center court .
tr	O	He wets his lips with his tongue and my thighs burn in anticipation .
tr	O	Dazed , Frankie slid to the ground to land in a thud on his ass .
tr	I	From the buzzing beneath my skin to the in ache my gut .
tr	I	The circles dark under them were navy blue .
tr	I	She couldn have 't gotten herself that mixed up over a student , could she ?
tr	I	He growled in frustration as he tilted her face to his kissed and her lips .
tr	O	When I finally left , the sun had settled in behind the bush and I could see the moon through dirty clouds .
tr	O	They were walking again .
tr	O	He thinks only what the vampire wishes him to think .
tr	I	He took my hand and ran pad the of his thumb gingerly along my knuckles as he searched my eyes .
tr	I	No one to the defuse situation .
tr	O	What kind of name is that ?
tr	O	Nikki smiled slyly , and it was Lance who spoke again .
tr	O	I saw her father waiting for her with his scooter .
tr	I	That 's it what is .
tr	O	Control Team 's got it patched up .
tr	O	Blinded by the ferocity of his own need , he anchored her writhing hips with his big hands and pounded into her .
tr	O	TIM Let 's find your girl and get this over with .
tr	I	The more I think of it , more the likely it is that April was the Inspector .
tr	O	Mrs. Kumi saw the reaction and apologized profusely as a nurse stepped up .
tr	O	If I didn 't think , Sam would fall off the wagon completely I would have brought some of the best whiskey and rare Scotch on board .
tr	I	He in stood front of me , quietly observing me with solemn regard .
tr	I	Do not go let .
tr	O	She shook her head at the dark-haired beauty , trying to demonstrate the proper hip and stomach movements .
tr	O	They used a stencil .
tr	O	' It was good we had the distance . '
tr	I	She struggled for his name Special ... Agent Lasky .
tr	I	He stirred and I my pulled hand from his cheek .
tr	I	He 'd been cautious all the years he been 'd a vampire , and that had kept him alive for more than 275 years .
tr	I	The flames below turned us it into molten gold .
tr	I	Watching gives him me joy .
tr	O	I know it sounds bizarre , but unfortunately the society is very real .
tr	I	The next day Connie was talking to his friend life-long , Keith Cornwell , about the situation .
tr	I	Bri stood up and began to wander around room the .
tr	I	Our parents point us a toward certain profession as we 're growing up .
tr	I	Slowly , she wriggled down it , conscious of Caleb 's gaze roaming her .
tr	O	Today had been one of the most happening days of my life .
tr	I	It was constant a battle .
tr	O	The boys wandered ahead .
tr	O	To which she nodded , calling , ' Same again , please , ' to the elderly barman who was already looking in her direction .
tr	O	Logan noticed him , pulled Amber away , and drew his sword .
tr	O	The same , however , could not be said of the dead guy .
tr	I	Knox gave her his typical grin uncomplicated .
tr	I	Before I realized what was happening , he 'd withdrawn a from syringe his cloak and dug it deep into my neck .
tr	O	The name was probably of German origin .
tr	O	Someday she 'd leave everything and everyone else behind for a man , the man , the perfect man .
tr	I	She was far from the only girl school at with a crush on him .
tr	O	The customers in the store froze .
tr	I	A line of paintings hung on the passage wall , of portraits people wearing old-fashioned costumes , staring at him with eyes that seemed somehow alive .
tr	I	When her body was satisfied and replete , he lifted head his , his smug smile of satisfaction rising over her .
tr	I	The blast the on Blueberry .
tr	O	For the merest instant , he thought he 'd misjudged the situation .
tr	I	She could almost hear the fast of thud footsteps .
tr	O	Dr. Riley shook his head .
tr	I	The moment he was finished he erased their memories and left the three of sitting them comfortably inside the overhang of the doorway .
tr	O	I drop off to sleep thankfully .
tr	I	I a touched pink rose with one fingertip .
tr	I	My stomach tightened as I worried the sky was a prediction things of to come .
tr	I	All she saw was his back but she also that saw his hair was dark , thick and overlong .
tr	I	Abbey was a little taken aback that Adam was calling that at moment .
tr	I	She read the license plate of the first green she Buick saw .
tr	I	Our home , 'd he said .
tr	I	We see could clearly the walls and ground directly ahead of us , but beyond that , there was total blackness .
tr	O	I hated nights the most , when I was alone , when I was stuck with just my thoughts and my heartache .
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows .
tr	O	He knew that Kelly was basically married in name only , that she and Mike might not even stay together .
tr	O	He was only doctor in the bunkers ; my mother implored him not to go .
tr	O	In fact , they hardly spoke at all out on the range .
tr	O	Jesse spent the night on Friday then I spent the night at her house on Saturday .
tr	I	Still , even he though knew that all these answers were valid , none would help him now .
tr	O	And my other patients wouldn 't have fled .
tr	I	Gabe answered , his cracking knuckles .
tr	I	Alexa fought back her own smile , especially since his was humor directed at her .
tr	I	She had the same jaw square as Mrs. Mercer and the same round blue eyes as Mr. Mercer .
tr	I	So Ness and I our started secret horse training .
tr	I	She must look older different or .
tr	O	I stared off , trying to summon up the light and haunting melody .
tr	O	Giggles and smiles accompany the journey but One 's mind slips to Four .
tr	I	He was looking down into water the .
tr	I	In the foyer we met Mr. Gilles the principal , a pulling golf bag along behind him .
tr	I	CHAPTER SEVEN Gunnar stood in cold the , silent forest on the other side of the wooden wall .
tr	I	He also knew he could never tell Bugs the entire story , that is , until he could figure what out to do about it .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember the last time she 'd spoken her of mother .
tr	I	You pray that he 't doesn .
tr	I	A few of the FDA team gotten had so flustered with heated calls that they had handed the phone over to Manning .
tr	O	I shrugged it off .
tr	O	This wasn 't supposed to happen .
tr	I	She looked at the bag then and at Mary .
tr	O	She looked vulnerable and utterly defenseless as she told her story .
tr	I	But for all that , she didn 't have ability the to protect her heart .
tr	I	It 's what was he created for .
tr	O	There were some nice used cars available for not a lot of money .
tr	O	He tucked the clean shirt into the waistband of his khakis and left the giant bathroom .
tr	I	A young man in suit a sits in the first seat , lost in his iPhone .
tr	O	And he didn 't .
tr	O	Chapter Five There had to be a cogent pattern he could find to help him define for himself the overall purpose of their discovery .
tr	O	When the phone rang again , Conner reached over to answer it .
tr	I	I threw the ball a like bullet and it hit him in the numbers as the guy covering him moved in the opposite direction .
tr	I	Ryan watched him walk away down hall the .
tr	O	The guilt of hiding Sutton 's death from him had been eating her alive .
tr	O	Of course he was just using me to get his body back .
tr	O	-- waved them toward the elevator .
tr	I	Rema was no fool , which was why didn she 't say yes .
tr	O	As Michelle approached , he stood to give her a hug .
tr	I	I opened my in eyes disappointment , but he smiled gently down at me before shaking his head .
tr	O	To my left , a guy waves .
tr	O	The girls were in the bedroom , where Tracey was helping Layla get ready for the date with Dr Gorgeous .
tr	O	Nina heard the neck crack .
tr	O	Maybe each was wondering if the other had killed Matthew or Nellie , or perhaps both were worrying that Jeremy was the guilty party .
tr	I	I tell her what I haven 't told anyone on else board .
tr	O	Keep it under an hour , he warned .
tr	O	It took her several hallways and countless rooms before she found a maid winding the clocks .
tr	O	Wade sank down onto the cabin floor and started to put on his swim fins .
tr	O	Maryanne was a good columnist herself , or at least she was desperately striving to become one .
tr	I	I gripped at the hem of my shirt as if it weighed a pounds thousand instead of the delicate silk it actually was .
tr	I	Finally my brain to manages break the magnetic pull .
tr	O	The truth would scare her to death .
tr	O	I saw what happened .
tr	I	The toy issued few a complaining strains and quit .
tr	O	As they rip at each other , I can hear the cries for someone to help save them from a building below .
tr	I	Maybe she sneak could away and run off to Ireland ?
tr	O	That was the wrong thing to say .
tr	O	Oh yes , traveling was going to be most unpleasant , she thought with a sigh .
tr	O	My hands clutching the steering wheel as Jonathan wiped the car of fingerprints .
tr	O	She reached for some fruit .
tr	O	She cut the meat on her plate , her mouth already watering .
tr	I	Mariana nods at once him .
tr	I	He let them blind be to what was happening .
tr	O	Joshua slept all through the night , dreaming of cruising down the river , fishing pole at the ready .
tr	I	The Governor has asked me to describe a number of events that have brought been on by yesterday 's tragedy .
tr	O	Amelia and I cleaned up the kitchen while everyone else in the house got ready for Eden 's doctor 's appointment .
tr	I	A lopsided grin her overtook .
tr	O	' Good provisioning is the essence of successful exploration , ' said the Dean .
tr	I	I didn 't want to get involved in this , not on my day lovely when everything was perfect .
tr	I	How she close 'd come to ending up like Mary .
tr	I	Except , perhaps , for Pris ; she certainly was radically frightened .
tr	I	Kira had picked me up about a block away from Aiden 's house driven and directly to Good Samaritan Hospital .
tr	I	For most people it flashes by an in instant .
tr	O	She climbed into bed and leaned back against the pillows , watching as he unzipped his jeans .
tr	I	Julie had forgotten water that wasn tainted 't by plastic and forced into her mouth .
tr	I	The guy behind the counter must think he was the cheapest guy in the world , bringing his date to a like dive this .
tr	O	Now Ethan 's voice was rising .
tr	I	But then what if she kicks out me of my flat ?
tr	I	The Minoans built had in an open style , fearing no attack while their navies ruled the seas .
tr	I	I move away from James then , pulling my belt seat on and making it lock a few times in the process .
tr	O	It can be very useful to learn to make your own magical wards .
tr	O	I could never foresee what was going to happen when meeting a blood soul 's family .
tr	I	Did she not the understand urgency ?
tr	O	The fighting instinct had left so many of them , they simply waited for whatever doom the McGill had in store for them .
tr	I	When I was finally finished , felt I like I might vomit .
tr	O	And this was payback for that title .
tr	O	Quite a few of them stopped to give Sebastian appreciative glances , which he didn 't seem to notice .
tr	I	Kate said he could buy her an apple crumble if he wanted really to .
tr	I	She kissed his jaw time this .
tr	O	Moving slowly but with confident purpose , Bash walked toward the platform .
tr	I	Yes , I 'm doing really this .
tr	I	Ethan in paused thought .
tr	O	Even the pictures of their father-daughter trips were gone , replaced now with pictures of just Kylie .
tr	I	He gestured with sweeping a arm .
tr	O	He offers a hand so I do the same , and when he grabs it I warm instantly .
tr	O	My phone was ringing in the pocket of my book bag , but I ignored it .
tr	I	I shove off her the bed .
tr	O	The dress played out these dramas in its swirls .
tr	O	For the first time since Luke had died , I needed to talk to my father .
tr	I	And once we fighting start , we don 't stop until we 're all free .
tr	I	Riley had nothing said .
tr	I	' Of course , they go can mental , your occult types , ' it said , as it swooped over the moonlit garden .
tr	O	On the hillside above the entrance there were several small explosions .
tr	O	He nearly stumbled over a chair on the way to his desk in his hurry to reach the phone .
tr	I	Ethan smiled at her , but Julie just slipped to his side and allowed him to march her to cabin the 's façade .
tr	I	These were designed for efficiency rather than looks as the arms were taken up with a manifold of interchangeable tools the at tip .
tr	O	Line or not , no one had ever called her those things before .
tr	I	At the same time , they knew they were about to into step a city as far from it as possible .
tr	I	What was important her was connection to the vampire .
tr	I	Selena took book the .
tr	I	Did Teagan have enemies any ?
tr	O	The moon was bright and made her look angelic .
tr	I	As divorced mothers , 'd they been left to deal with the children and the house and everything else .
tr	I	I gave him nod a , waited for him to look over my ensemble .
tr	I	He sat back in his chair to think about how this might have out played .
tr	O	Adrienne appreciated that , but charity from friends hurt her pride .
tr	O	For a few seconds she regarded her , frowning , and then smiled just a little .
tr	O	Tavi shook his head .
tr	I	He kissed me , and I knew the night would only better get .
tr	O	You help and you shouldn 't !
tr	O	At their top was a large hatch , and beneath it I could see three seats and an assortment of controls .
tr	O	It would be so easy to sit with Faith for the rest of the evening .
tr	I	She was still shivering , but she was turning up heat the .
tr	I	Now it 's so your turn spill to .
tr	O	I slipped through the space and took a couple of steps to the left so I wouldn 't be silhouetted against the opening anymore .
tr	O	Not to mention the fact that one of them had kissed her .
tr	I	But he brilliant was , in the theater .
tr	I	Three sets eyes of regarded her curiously .
tr	O	But he didn 't want to answer .
tr	O	I 'm hungry for something else .
tr	I	The butterflies in my stomach flapping started in earnest .
tr	I	Sometimes know I she tries to pop up through the television , small sentences here and there .
tr	I	Bret in weaved and out of traffic , and it was slowing them down , giving my old car an even chance in a race .
tr	O	Nolen put a boot across his neck and held him to his side , one hand still grasping the leash .
tr	I	Moscow versus Turin : Nabokov , the fiery Russian , was demolishing the pensive American Dewey signed recently to the Italian city .
tr	O	He slammed the door and stepped back , so upset that it took him a minute to notice that the room had gone quiet .
tr	O	Your mother gave me some letters long ago .
tr	O	As soon as he saw me enter , his cordial expression turned into a scowl .
tr	I	Remorse to turned indignation .
tr	I	This was going end to badly .
tr	O	Rachel strongly doubted it , and yet both the President and NASA had plenty to gain here .
tr	O	Shapes came to life in the meadow .
tr	I	Jillian 's blood was sprayed all over the door bathroom and the floor in front of it for all the world to see .
tr	I	He that hoped was it .
tr	O	Edie May came by every now and then to check on his condition .
tr	O	This book is part one that covers his early years from May 1943 until he leaves New Zealand to head for Australia in March 1988 .
tr	O	It was bare bones .
tr	I	Kate up looked into his vacuous , zombie gaze .
tr	O	Over the years , he 'd lost some of his muscle mass , but he was still big enough to not look skinny .
tr	O	Like he could wave a wand and make all the medication she 'd been taking work in a consistent pattern .
tr	O	She summoned a cool voice that sounded barely interested .
tr	I	She got up from her chair in that moment , kicking my foot as she so did .
tr	I	He wishes that time was matter a of choice .
tr	I	He got out of his chair to move closer and looked into face her , only inches away .
tr	I	I asked then if she had fun and 'd she shrugged .
tr	I	He gasped when small her hand closed around him , touching him like only a woman with over a thousand years experience could .
tr	I	I wasn 't surrounded by an this army time around .
tr	I	And felt I like Julie was watching me , judging me .
tr	O	She did not have time for this .
tr	I	He picked his up spoon and plunged it into his tea glass , and also began to stir vigorously .
tr	O	All of these years , he had been looking for this .
tr	I	His flicked eyes back and forth across my face , hunting for an answer .
tr	O	And twenty-five of those will end up killing themselves .
tr	I	I hadn 't that expected one .
tr	O	Talking to Dallas has given me some perspective , but more surprisingly , I can see she 's a good person .
tr	O	I 've changed into my maid of honor dress , a lavender sheath , and tried my best to apply fancy makeup .
tr	O	Orrick closed the place a few years before she died and retired with a nice pension .
tr	I	Mira gave an response unintelligible .
tr	O	Why don 't you serve it yourself ?
tr	O	Though he hadn 't flipped out at the news I was an assassin , as well as a werewolf , that didn 't mean he wouldn 't .
tr	I	I heard his voice as it flowed with me , but the words lost their meaning as was I finally lost to blissful sleep .
tr	I	She reached and out slapped his cock .
tr	O	Could she keep her feelings for him at bay long enough to indulge in that kind of relationship ?
tr	O	I would have sworn she had this down to a morbid science .
tr	O	He smoothed her hair off her damp forehead .
tr	I	He spun around to see Reid jogging him toward .
tr	I	It would only take an hour or so to get there this way compared to a four and a half drive hour .
tr	I	' Because won it 't work without it . '
tr	O	Several tables and desks moved to slam into the walls from the force of the wind and her hair whipped around her face though she kept reading .
tr	O	' She 'll be worth a bit over in the ports .
tr	O	We were just friends .
tr	O	He shouldn 't take advantage of you .
tr	O	The supernatural occurrences were stacking one on top of the other .
tr	I	His touch always broke me , and I quickly forgot about fight our .
tr	I	At his skin imperfect , at the goofy grin on his face , at the innocence that radiated from him .
tr	O	The three lines of typed text chilled him : Just so you know Im watchin .
tr	I	I wished she hadn 't said anything ; now I was afraid 'd he single her out for torment .
tr	O	She was twisted in a way the human body did not twist , in a very , very , very small space .
tr	O	Without asking , she knew it was the alpha , Jed .
tr	I	Zack killed had a man .
tr	I	the vixen witch laughed from everywhere in sky the .
tr	O	And considering Hannah 's warning that the killer was here , Kylie wasn 't about to let down her guard .
tr	I	I stood there and watched in silence total , my arms hooked tight around me middle .
tr	I	Before the night was over , they weren speaking 't .
tr	I	I could have driven the baron and his knights off without ever revealing myself , I but 'd lost my temper .
tr	O	Why not include the whole Catholic population of San Francisco since we made our interest in her so clear at the dance ?
tr	O	It felt like spiders crawling over her skin .
tr	O	I flung myself toward the cupboards and , as I had done in Aiden 's office , began sifting through them .
tr	I	Vicki dropped her handbag the on sofa and ran a hand through her hair .
tr	O	It was a crackling , tugging pull , like a magnetic attraction .
tr	I	Like you suggested , it 's much not fun anymore . '
tr	O	With each heel strike , the tension coiled inside her .
tr	I	Her hair over tumbled her shoulders .
tr	I	I coughed into fist a .
tr	I	I it figured couldn 't hurt .
tr	O	And Eliot didn 't even mind .
tr	O	What is happening to me ?
tr	I	Lucas said , referring Clay to 's comment .
tr	I	With deft one movement he split the material .
tr	I	William leaned head his back , and closed his eyes .
tr	O	He was not much interested and was leafing through the book .
tr	O	Why wasn 't Cohen quieting him down ?
tr	O	Her bedroom smelled good , too , like a faint perfume ... and like a woman .
tr	I	He was to going have to bear the burden and hope that his years of exercises in self-control would pay off .
tr	I	Tattoo Guy fidgeted with the change in his pocket , then at squinted him .
tr	O	Number 27 pressed on .
tr	O	Natasha heard the vehicle before it rounded the corner .
tr	O	I felt its warmth through my body as I pulled more and more energy from it .
tr	O	Liz asked the waiter as she took a large drink of the whiskey sour he had brought for her .
tr	O	Its moans are strong and loud .
tr	I	An itch started right between his eyes , as if he 'd been targeted by a Super certain Nun 's laser look .
tr	I	Plain as I day see that now .
tr	O	Slowly Cisco came around , the wary look turning into one of interest .
tr	O	They had the same effect on their new male classmates as well .
tr	O	They were probably relatively safe in there , he thought .
tr	O	he asked with a glance at the ceiling .
tr	O	The king and queen faced everyone in the throne room .
tr	I	For he noticed more of the inequities of the court than his brother , and wished them never impinge to upon their fraternal love .
tr	I	Laura stood in front of Charlie and egged on her .
tr	O	Go in and find out what time they went in there .
tr	I	I came out of my reverie , to find he was waiting for me to speak , that he knew I contemplating was telling him something .
tr	I	I at look Ashley .
tr	O	Dave 's wrapped his arms around her and they hugged until Mary regained her composure .
tr	O	I turn to look at Nan .
tr	I	He anxiously watched my every move when we home got , making me feel so guilty .
tr	I	For the first time Miranda noticed there that was writing up the length of Kenzi 's arm .
tr	O	She had been forced to be brave .
tr	I	The smells changed and the salty taste in the faded air , replaced with a fragrant rush of ferns and pine .
tr	I	Micha glances at me and there 's a tease his in tone .
tr	O	She didn 't look at him to see if he 'd caught her slip , but she cringed because Drake never missed anything .
tr	I	Still , he zero had desire to drink it .
tr	O	He took her inside the building , and ... and he made us stand outside and keep watch .
tr	O	If he didn 't move aside soon , I 'd have to rein up .
tr	O	It cost Rico to admit it , but he couldn 't hide the truth from himself .
tr	O	Phil and Ben quickly follow .
tr	I	He joins on us the third floor landing .
tr	I	Hey there , Mike , she thought herself to .
tr	I	Patch had me told he 'd come over last night , and it wasn 't like him to break a promise .
tr	I	Markman raised his and hood stepped outside .
tr	O	The sweetly whispered words had him swallowing back his bitterness , the irony not lost on him .
tr	O	' Wouldn 't you want a great horse like that ?
tr	I	My mouth moves his to right eye , then the left .
tr	O	The story was playing in his eyes .
tr	O	Nate was bewildered and staring into the flames .
tr	O	I sat in the car for a moment and realized that my heartbeat had finally returned to normal .
tr	I	It like was a friggin ' parking lot .
tr	I	How could her mother let her own husband go to grave his the way he did as a victim ?
tr	I	But that maybe means I need a closer look .
tr	O	But I can 't change the fact that my dad died before I was born .
tr	O	Damon , noticing my gaze , raised his eyebrow and smirked .
tr	I	I looked around to confirm that Dee too was disaffected suitably , and I saw her smiling .
tr	O	She had never talked with any man this way , not even a lover .
tr	I	She was tucked still deep within , shivering and moving back from his reach .
tr	O	There , he visits her at night and makes love to her , always leaving before morning , and never showing her his face .
tr	I	Licking lips my , I began , hoping the right words would come to me .
tr	I	Making better food choices had become easier , but gaze her often lingered on sweets and on the candy machine .
tr	O	It is the most splendid thing I have ever seen .
tr	I	It supposed was to be your birthday gift .
tr	I	Reece looked down as he ran past , then turned the and corner disappeared .
tr	I	Do you have any assurances that intel your about the Quad is accurate ?
tr	I	He had put to this to rest .
tr	O	He watched as the girl gave a bellow of rage and took off the head of the first man who came near her .
tr	I	I hissed and leaped forward , her pulling to safety .
tr	O	The public turnout was staggering .
tr	O	He motioned to the desk chair .
tr	I	There was a smell , he decided , but it very was , very faint .
tr	I	Drake regarded coughing the fit .
tr	O	He had never felt like that before .
tr	O	( laughs ) LE : Tell him about Dennis Wilson .
tr	O	That he could no longer sense it , would never have sensed it if he 'd simply come to check on the village , made him uneasy .
tr	O	Her winter jacket was little protection against the wind , which seemed to slice straight through her .
tr	O	If dad finds out ... Before I realize it , I am running to them , afraid of what might happen .
tr	I	We dragged work to , trying not to make noise , the table under to the skylight .
tr	I	I would make a fool myself of and destroy the production .
tr	I	He never liked to take pictures of people walking away so he just watched as Josie the early morning people turned to look at her .
tr	O	Filipe shook his head in fear .
tr	O	A voice he didn 't recognise picked up and stumbled through the greeting .
tr	I	' I just wish I had loved ones I could talk to , about us , about school , about all the things little too .
tr	O	The one thing that was not monotonous was my time with Henry .
tr	O	They were gone by the time the camera noticed them ?
tr	I	She sat suddenly up and opened her eyes .
tr	I	But he really didn feel 't at peace .
tr	O	Another clue he 'd missed .
tr	I	Charlie then hurried the from room , ran down the stairs and straight out the front door without a word to anyone .
tr	O	' Who are they ? '
tr	O	MaryAnn gave a little shake of her head , frowning as if Solange had committed a huge fashion gaffe .
tr	O	It 's not a particularly unique living room .
tr	O	You waited as long as you needed too .
tr	O	He doesn 't make excuses , doesn 't blow me off .
tr	O	When her body finally relaxed , he put one arm around her waist and flipped her underneath him in one quick motion .
tr	O	I jerked away , spluttering and gasping , but completely delighted .
tr	I	There was on old dusty commanding desk a few rows of tatty wooden benches .
tr	I	Ella 's house is right outside , looking broken beaten and .
tr	O	I 'd wanted him with all the pent-up passion of a deprived youth .
tr	I	The sapphire blue dress skimmed along her figure , not being too obvious but giving a hint what of might be beneath .
tr	I	Water trickled from the far cavern wall , the sound loud the in ensuing silence .
tr	O	He wondered what time it was as he glanced at the dimly lit sky .
tr	I	I was about to close for day the .
tr	I	It is easier to kill than heal to .
tr	O	They had not realised , due to their own fear that they had not been singing in this part of the valley until the song recommenced .
tr	I	Whether I liked it or not , my relationship with Vincent couldn 't stay at same the place indefinitely .
tr	O	There is no point in letting you in on what I think will happen .
tr	I	You knew I wanted her , you threw even the fact that you were on to me in my face .
tr	I	Had Riley only claimed he 'd seen their ashes as another way to keep the rest of us afraid and on dependent him ?
tr	O	Susan was baffled by Acheron 's words .
tr	O	Is the fact that he 's reading your texts one of the reasons you needed a meeting ?
tr	O	I glance around at the people surrounding us who are grinding against each other to the low beat of the sultry song .
tr	O	His h * ps sank deep between her legs , and a fierce shot of pleasure arched her back .
tr	O	Never in a million years would Craig have considered him to be a threat to anyone .
tr	I	More showed people up for this party than for any of the others so far .
tr	O	Instead , he stands up , touching the top of my head as he leaves the room .
tr	I	At work , I mostly kept myself to .
tr	I	When looked he up the road , he saw a bus headed his way .
tr	O	So he 'd simply scrambled on to the pile of dead letters in what was in theory his office .
tr	O	His mom used a key to hack through the tape sealing the box .
tr	I	Lily 's soft hand on cheek his brought his eyes back to hers .
tr	O	I 'm sick of people asking if I 'm okay .
tr	O	Didn 't look like it .
tr	I	After spending most of the night thinking about Madison , he 'd finally decided that what had happened them between yesterday was probably for the best .
tr	O	Few people were out yet .
tr	O	Then , because he knew where the vampire would go , Jamie turned away from the cliff .
tr	O	We spent nearly eighty years building bombs and equipping armies while our nation crumbled .
tr	I	' And you can 't her have .
tr	I	The flares sun killed a lot of people before they could escape to the north or south .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to be satisfied until I had enough solar panels and batteries to run the air conditioning or the stacked washer dryer .
tr	I	But it not was always as it now is .
tr	I	The handkerchief with yellows blood .
tr	O	He tenderly laid her on the ground , then rushed to strap the dead demon to his back .
tr	I	You have a fabulous venue and people are flexible more than you think .
tr	I	It was a quite declaration .
tr	I	When I mentioned Marine Patrol , hesitated Finnegan .
tr	O	Until then , she and Go were reduced to street vagrants , pulling along a heavy burden of lawless adventure .
tr	I	He fished one out and unwrapped it , while all keeping most of his body hovering above me to block the wind .
tr	O	Amjad did that thing he did so well , looking one in the eye and talking about them in third person , sidelining them .
tr	O	You likely have some busted ribs .
tr	I	She slapped both my at cheeks once .
tr	O	I couldn 't take the silence anymore so I began to sing softly in the darkness .
tr	I	Last week she asked me persuade to you to release her .
tr	O	They just seemed to be part of the Island as life went on .
tr	O	You must not tell this to anyone , not even your best friend , alright ?
tr	I	For a second I thought about running , about getting as far from away Preston as I could .
tr	I	she asked , wickedly feeling provocative .
tr	O	She wanted to hit him , to rail against how horrible he was .
tr	O	-- the man was shocked .
tr	I	He attempted to include me , but just I couldn 't settle , couldn 't find comfort in this place .
tr	O	Liam was the first through the glass .
tr	O	Best to keep her talking .
tr	I	Tears pouring were down my cheeks .
tr	I	Julia was snuggled one in of Clay 's sweatshirts .
tr	I	Because no one else has given me this what man has .
tr	I	When he was done he had a perfect man origami .
tr	O	She bit her lip , then winced when her mouth stung .
tr	O	The question came from out of the blue and lodged in my heart .
tr	I	To be specific , I what 'd like the best is knowledge that will aid us in our Quest .
tr	I	I switch off the ignition turn and to face him .
tr	I	Davis just stared for a minute , shut his mouth few a seconds past that and handed a bag over to me .
tr	O	Her hair hung in a loose tangle around her narrow face .
tr	O	Cora had never looked at Murray and seen his brother so starkly in him before .
tr	O	Her eyes were dry and she would have to sleep soon , simply have to , but she couldn 't now .
tr	O	I felt like I was about to lose my wife .
tr	O	asked Private Henry Smith .
tr	O	Fenrir deigned to rise .
tr	O	He lay quietly thinking , still holding her , until he drifted off to sleep himself much later .
tr	O	At first glance Clyde had been afraid to enter the room and approach him .
tr	O	Then her chest and visceral cavity burst .
tr	O	Whatever he had in mind , she was sure she wouldn 't like it .
tr	I	That characterization was false patently .
tr	I	His eyes open popped and she felt the floodgates break between them .
tr	I	With my luck , there would be absolutely nothing I could blow my with nose .
tr	O	Then my gaze settled on a scrap of salvation .
tr	O	Knife climbing was for those short and awkward passages , and frowned on anyway because it suggested you 'd chosen a wrong route .
tr	O	What was wrong with him that the women always seemed to leave him ?
tr	I	The second darted man into view again , gun aimed at the couch .
tr	O	Our biggest problem is finding autistic individuals the further back in time you go .
tr	O	I needed to put on a brave face for Lucy .
tr	O	They 're not here .
tr	O	This was the man she 'd told herself was hiding beneath his supposed indifference .
tr	O	And now it was up to him to make them proud .
tr	I	He didn 't like anything the about Northwest .
tr	O	I saw it as he just really didn 't want his daughter hanging around or that he had another secret family .
tr	I	' Property Martin of Bartell .
tr	I	And this woman would his be .
tr	I	Jenna could Boy feel 412 , 's constant shivering .
tr	O	It had felt like forever since she 'd been attracted to someone or felt like a giddy girl with a secret crush .
tr	O	Horses not at the front of the charge managed to stop short at the ditch 's edge , discarding their riders into the fray .
tr	I	But now , after her transformation , could she have been ten .
tr	I	However , that didn 't stop Francisco from with identifying the American troops .
tr	O	I glance over at my father , silently begging him not to make me engage in small talk with his girlfriend .
tr	O	His room is dark too and I strain my eyes to see where I 'm going .
tr	I	The tube drifted slowly downward in the ship 's quarter gravity .
tr	I	She bared teeth her .
tr	O	I would just tell him when I got back .
tr	O	The Guardians were running for the woods .
tr	I	He frowned , not quite comprehending that he was no longer vulnerable to whims the of Time .
tr	I	She was a on little the chubby side and had frizzy brown hair .
tr	I	Another mile I and 'd be home .
tr	O	Something to improve her frame of mind .
tr	I	CHAPTER FOURTEEN I WILL meeting be with people who may help .
tr	I	She made me promise to call if I anything heard .
tr	I	I had a very bad feeling about what meant this .
tr	I	She hadn 't had sex in a while and the sensation was tight deliciously , and he seemed to fill her completely .
tr	I	I was in office the , at my desk .
tr	I	Feeling weak suddenly , she slid down to the floor .
tr	O	Certainly she wouldn 't be very good company tonight .
tr	O	The body slumps to the floor .
tr	O	He looked down at his plate in surprise .
tr	O	He then set fire on the cigarette in his mouth .
tr	O	Poverty was its true enemy , an invisible wasting disease that could not be defeated by anything as simple as axes or fire .
tr	I	Edward quickly made his way into the and room to the dresser .
tr	I	She was trying hard remain to neutral .
tr	I	Those gorgeous brown eyes take in my features for a before moment continuing .
tr	O	Had he recognized her as the girl who 'd walked down the stifling black stone alley ?
tr	O	One that he was no longer part of .
tr	O	She turned right at the end and entered into a spacious lounge .
tr	I	She was burning in up his arms , goose bumps moving over her skin as he kissed her gently .
tr	I	His whole face was a question , but our report first should be to our client .
tr	I	He may have been left battered and bruised , and with a nasty , bloodied , gouge his to side , but he 'd survived .
tr	I	Motions stiff and jerky , she allowed the towel to fall to floor the .
tr	I	A few turns later they across came a back exit that led out of the hotel and on to the picturesque river walk .
tr	I	She heard shuffling on the other end , like he was on pulling shoes or something .
tr	I	Not at flesh all .
tr	O	I 'd never understand what Mom had seen in him in the first place .
tr	I	I 'm the in tub .
tr	I	They - they do give not out their given names here . '
tr	I	Expecting yet another elaborate puzzle , the boy is shocked to a find small room with a treasure chest at the center .
tr	O	I tossed the gun to the side .
tr	I	He her gave a low bow .
tr	O	Just as we heard the first rounds explode out of the barrel of his MP5 , the door clicked closed and we heard nothing but silence again .
tr	O	It raised Saga 's body and held him tight .
tr	O	But I was queen so I sucked it up .
tr	O	If they fought , Lorraine would surely wound or kill him .
tr	I	A bat has to claw literally his way through the air .
tr	I	I tried to picture him on a bicycle and the made image me laugh out loud .
tr	I	Rejection was something she understood how deal to with .
tr	I	But he went on anyhow ; he had to know sure for .
tr	I	That hurts truth so much that I 'll never be able to speak the words .
tr	I	I bent round to my and right caught my hand on the ladder .
tr	O	He took another quick look around him .
tr	O	Breathing shallowly , I felt my second translucent eyelids shield from a potentially hazardous environment .
tr	I	But about what Jenna ?
tr	O	The contrast between heated sunshine and cool shadow , frantic noise and a certain peace , made me dizzy .
tr	O	I then thought of a song that was perfect for the two of us .
tr	I	I was duty bound to hunt and her kill .
tr	I	I walked around him and left , after a few steps from away them I looked back and saw Jay Bolt .
tr	I	They had stop to at a ranger station and register , and then were given strict instructions on what was allowed and what was not .
tr	I	' Can we come missus in ? '
tr	I	He remembered how excited Sadie and had Jack been , too .
tr	I	I could already smell cooking pancakes .
tr	O	Carefully , we turned out of the dome 's main area and down a side annex .
tr	O	Delilah laughed and pulled Boone 's arms around her .
tr	I	The British had one for law themselves and one for the Irish Catholic .
tr	O	She seemed to be perspiring , though it might have been moisture from the rag .
tr	O	He tried a few of the doors covering the walls .
tr	O	He tucks a strand of hair behind my ear .
tr	I	She turned then back around and looked at Jimmy .
tr	I	How could her mom know something was wrong when all Kylie had said was words two ?
tr	O	He wore a pair of crescent-shaped reading glasses perched on the end of his nose .
tr	O	Quite reasonably , for the time , they placed fungi in the latter .
tr	I	Behind those was a at secretary a desk .
tr	I	I wrote it as I climbed over snowbank a .
tr	I	He been 'd all thumbs trying to get the condom on , and neither had really known what they were doing .
tr	I	What are doing you to me ?
tr	I	He didn let 't her wrap her limbs around him .
tr	O	I definitely didn 't expect that .
tr	O	I could feel it in my bones .
tr	I	The rings on his fingers were enormous , and one of his was ears pierced at least 10 times .
tr	O	Lina shrunk and her poor friend , who she 'd nearly outed did the same .
tr	I	Barely conscious and total in mental and physical agony , Lucas closed his eyes and awaited the inevitable .
tr	O	Things at the office that didn 't make sense .
tr	I	I generally didn follow 't him though .
tr	O	Her chest grew heavy .
tr	O	If they were , they would have to put on a show of ignorance and try and talk their way out of any difficulty .
tr	O	Liam scratched his chest right over his heart , which was starting to pump hard .
tr	O	Chapter 14 Turning off his headlights , Chief McCormick sat at the side of the road and studied the farm where Clay Montgomery lived .
tr	I	He could ask Sarah questions after he had a better feel for situation the .
tr	I	But stupid aren they 't .
tr	O	Devon leaned over the table and whispered .
tr	I	It was quite an ungainly landing but not quite a crash , but the knew boy the beast was unlikely ever to fly again .
tr	I	Still raw , but no blackened longer and blistered .
tr	O	Curious , Jake reached back toward the doorway again .
tr	I	And a Moor , with Christian a vocation .
tr	I	That her memory kept hope from dying inside me of .
tr	O	I saddled Cara and made my way in to the village .
tr	O	The dress she was wearing had been peeled off in small frayed clumps , revealing a long white gown underneath .
tr	O	Even her dad who still sometimes treats me like I 'm scum on the bottom of his shoe .
tr	I	If Doyle had been well , I have could simply called him to me , but I was afraid to call him .
tr	I	A stainless tank steel shone brightly within the muddy pack .
tr	I	What he needed was for someone to else spread the word for him .
tr	I	That was why I thought he a was small man .
tr	O	He flowed into the kitchen and found nothing .
tr	O	Anne hastily packed a bag for Alexandra , as she knew her father , Tom , would arrive any minute to pick her up .
tr	O	I didn 't want to look him in the eyes , but what kind of man would that make me ?
tr	O	He remained there for several minutes .
tr	I	He finally could go home and call Mr. Eric !
tr	O	I won 't claim that I 'm not a selfish person .
tr	I	Let worry them about that .
tr	I	She wondered what plan they hatching were .
tr	I	I guess couples are expected to sample the wares before themselves committing , but that never occurred to me .
tr	I	What if one I day wake up and she 's gone ?
tr	O	He could be there and back in less than ten minutes .
tr	I	That liked I pretty flowers and trick photography ?
tr	O	My whole life , they took care of me .
tr	I	He the took ball and threw it across the field .
tr	O	I asked , even though I already knew the answer .
tr	I	I listened for long a time .
tr	O	Chapter Ten Jeremy absently checked the pocket of his black tuxedo for the ring boxes as the limo navigated the busy streets of Boston .
tr	I	I can 't it believe .
tr	O	Maybe he would come back in when he calmed down .
tr	I	I hadn 't been aware that he memorized 'd the incantation in my cell , but he knew it word for word .
tr	O	I can 't feel it .
tr	O	His for three days now , and he still couldn 't believe he owned it .
tr	O	One Word Who Listens Primo , This letter is going to sound a bit strange .
tr	O	He wrapped me tighter , so tightly I could feel his heartbeat -- the solid , steady thumping in his chest that was ... strangely calming .
tr	I	She broke away and put her arm more once in his .
tr	I	They , like rest the of the dungeon so far , seemed empty .
tr	O	I bent over in the closet to get some flip flops and my new battle wound reared her ugly head .
tr	O	I guessed he had some idea it was something to do with the intel from Smith .
tr	O	Its speech needles rustled .
tr	I	My power clings to their forms as my fingers would , finally finding a perfect center that divides the group two into halves .
tr	O	Rudy got more specific .
tr	I	The actors started dialog the and Tori was impressed .
tr	O	He slipped his knife into its inner sheath .
tr	I	The others had done the and same now my leader called .
tr	I	As settled he back in his window seat , MW allowed himself another smile .
tr	O	In 1976 , Julian Jaynes of Princeton University proposed a novel theory about consciousness .
tr	O	The old gas furnaces were relatively new , considering the age of the place , and there was absolutely no asbestos in the place .
tr	O	He was posting a packet to America .
tr	I	She enjoyed delicious a cup of a New Orleans Blend coffee with a bit of flavored creamer .
tr	O	I tried not to show his words truly bothered me .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Knowing that Drake would appear with the coming of nightfall , Elena felt a growing sense of excitement as the shadows grew long .
tr	I	This only led to the boys despising Sakura even more , believing Sakura was the real bitchy adopted sister Tara and Alaina had told constantly them about .
tr	I	I then told the of mother ship and the five cutouts .
tr	O	The last thing she saw was the stranger laughing and setting his hand over Hiro 's wide-open eyes as if trying to calm him down .
tr	O	I 'm worried about girls disappearing and possibly being abducted by those who face no accountability .
tr	O	Julieta sighed and fell back into a nearby chair .
tr	O	' It had fallen behind your work desk there , ' Mehmet said .
tr	O	The dragon placed big hands on narrow hips , black hair streaked with silver and grey brushed off his face .
tr	O	come on Katherine adults can 't just blame a tough childhood for their crappy adult behavior .
tr	O	Giving herself to me with a deeper love isn 't something that could ever be broken .
tr	O	I knew he would take advantage of the situation .
tr	I	Between the three of them , managed they to help me to my feet without putting too much pressure on the wounded shoulder .
tr	I	The wall of water kept coming , the draining shallow creek within seconds .
tr	I	I just don 't understand 's what goin ' on .
tr	I	Roman took hand her .
tr	O	Did she wonder why everyone seemed to have a mother while she didn 't ?
tr	O	Two dead bodies in two days .
tr	O	Rachel 's voice was like a lifeline in the middle of an ocean .
tr	O	Stacey 's mom had a thing for wall plug-ins that always made her house smell like a toasty fall afternoon .
tr	I	He knew so much about me through just touch .
tr	I	A white light flashed over her and eyelids she hesitated .
tr	I	' That depends how on you intend to get yourself a new gasket .
tr	I	An old , unbeaten rebel , taken back To far somewhere away , beyond our dreams .
tr	O	Chapter 28 The Grand Canyon was ablaze with color in the setting rays of the sun .
tr	O	The blood had sprayed onto the white brocade and dried there .
tr	O	As I get closer , I see something on the seat .
tr	O	You come from good stock .
tr	I	Noah had never once expressed any concern about his fight , but I then never gave him the chance .
tr	O	In an hour or so , all sign of their struggle would be gone .
tr	O	As for me , I took a long look , for this was the new face of an old enemy .
tr	O	The hair that stuck out at the bottom of his ski mask was black with touches of gray .
tr	I	When did get he to know me so well ?
tr	I	I 'm just a guy who lost himself the in midst of losing everything else around him .
tr	I	She pushed with her feet , making the roll chair so that she faced the door .
tr	I	To my relief , Isaac led the traverse while I back hung and paid out the rope .
tr	I	I stare at him for moment a .
tr	O	She met Jack 's eyes and held them .
tr	I	The edifice stood higher than it was possible to see in dark the .
tr	O	But even so , it 's better than facial baldness in some ways .
tr	I	I got out of the car because you didn respond 't to my text !
tr	I	That was he where wanted to go from here .
tr	I	He was the only son of a billionaire banker and worked at his father hedge 's fund .
tr	O	He 'd known to speak common Alliance ; I was an obvious outsider .
tr	I	I ignore her , and walk to the door and down the stairs and down the hallway and the into elevator .
tr	I	Tough memories from her childhood , the she one worked to forget .
tr	O	A startled cry escaped me , I wanted to scream but he was on top of me , tearing ferociously at me .
tr	O	Wulf answered it to find Corbin on the other end .
tr	I	Thank you for fine your efforts .
tr	I	Sean stood up , heart thumping , pulled out his cell phone , and his called father .
tr	I	Many of these recorded episodes came as sudden a and unsolicited consciousness of spiritual unity or insight .
tr	I	He gained favor with the Vicar Swiss when a group of anarchists made an attempt on Vicar the 's life .
tr	O	They also reported its primary component had not been installed .
tr	I	Chapter Four Erik returned next the afternoon , as promised .
tr	O	Imogen looked down , and red , thin tears dropped to her cheeks .
tr	I	I gulped air some .
tr	O	The voices began creeping back .
tr	O	Logan immediately needs something -- anything .
tr	O	It 's my lot .
tr	I	Then the darkness returned , and Tavi moved a few steps to side one before freezing again .
tr	I	String them up for having coincidentally magic ?
tr	O	I don 't know how long I 've been out , or where I am .
tr	O	Paris gave her the moment to consider it .
tr	I	Jasmine and I were on the on ferry our way from the Sausalito port to the port near pier 9 .
tr	I	The pain finally became too much for her as her body dropped to the ground , the black light moving still on her body .
tr	I	One day , out of the blue , Zachariah told him to deliver an order of Archangel and blades bows to Daylesford Convent .
tr	I	The soft crunching of gravel shook her back the to present and she steeled herself for his arrival .
tr	O	She huffs and moves out of the way .
tr	I	So far he had a man two with sides to him .
tr	O	They are all so undeserving of their healthy skins .
tr	O	Jess had a disarming smile and she turned it loose on Frank .
tr	I	He left it ajar for the two to students follow , which they did .
tr	O	She knew the truth , now .
tr	I	I hurried over to him , him flipped on his back , and tried desperately to remember everything I 'd ever been taught in my CPR class .
tr	I	I had gone been long that evening , longer than he had been comfortable with .
tr	O	I 'm a child that needs to be eased into things , only told what you think I can handle .
tr	I	Better still , the demon stone had absorbed the poison in his body , and within a heartbeats few , he was back on his feet .
tr	O	The Sergeant Major , seated to Destro 's right , handed him a sheet of paper .
tr	I	He lifted a blond eyebrow at me flashed and a half grin .
tr	O	She took them and laid the burdens of them on her soul .
tr	I	There 's an air of secrecy and on urgency the doctors ' faces , but not a lot of facts being disclosed .
tr	I	She smoothed his hair back and adjusted his blankets before sinking onto the bed him beside and holding his hand .
tr	O	Tom 's sick of doing the repairs . '
tr	O	With my last bit of rational thinking , I repeated the words like a lullaby , oblivious to the world outside our bodies .
tr	O	The parasite only leaves when the Architects take it away .
tr	O	It was only two and a half hours to New York but the plane circled for more than that before it finally landed .
tr	I	There was no music , declaring Isabella that it was not in the best of taste .
tr	I	Tiny in the distance , three riders were on a line that their matched own .
tr	O	Those were my motivators , not some tattooed , spoiled bad boy who liked attacking innocent girls in music rooms .
tr	I	She whipped her hair out of her and face , purposely disobeying , swung high .
tr	I	She gathered her wits and slowed down so that and Tristan Simon could catch up .
tr	I	Not after the way horrible I 'd hurt her time and time again .
tr	I	The cowboy lifted to him the sill .
tr	I	Sitting comfortably with a highball of whiskey and ice was the leader of intruders the from the previous night .
tr	I	Oh , my gosh , he so 's right .
tr	O	As always , he found himself wondering about the nightmares , wondering what images her mind was conjuring up .
tr	O	To everyone else they 's a curse , the woman says with a wave of her chalky crusted arm .
tr	O	The backward momentum picked up .
tr	I	But hadn she 't planned on doing it right now .
tr	I	I barely restrained a of grunt frustration .
tr	I	Even it if broke me .
tr	O	I put all the sneer I could muster into my voice .
tr	I	That unlikely was as long as there were kids around .
tr	I	Triton ignored Danielle wails 's .
tr	O	I could get in and get the car gone in less than 45 seconds .
tr	I	I can feel surrender his .
tr	O	He took a step back .
tr	O	Logan turned to the man next to him and said something .
tr	O	The clouds billowed out to fill the studio and peals of thunder shook the building .
tr	I	The moment law a is broken , aliens lose all rights .
tr	I	What doorknobs for are ? '
tr	O	He fished and she cooked his catch over an open fire .
tr	I	It took several seconds for to me notice the gentle scratching at my knee .
tr	O	You can go any time you want .
tr	O	If she played her part right , Sam wouldn 't remember anything about the night except that she had been there .
tr	O	A good time for a protection spell , she thought .
tr	O	No one seemed to notice anything amiss .
tr	O	I DO NOT WISH TO STOP .
tr	O	She hadn 't sensed him in the melee .
tr	O	She had longer legs than our diminutive hero and was soon close enough that she snapped the whip , which wrapped around our hero 's leg .
tr	O	A spray of blood arcs across his long-sleeve shirt all the way up to his neck and jaw .
tr	I	Says this disappeared it , and I collapsed dormant .
tr	I	They passed trees that would provide lumber for and corrals other structures .
tr	O	As Steve fell to his knees , Simon swung his right leg out in a sweeping motion .
tr	I	She examined closely him .
tr	I	Nixon on answered the first ring .
tr	I	Responding to this Inner Urge we feel , we 're seeking an Intangible -- Ideal or God ( another term which some prefer ) .
tr	I	And if they were to find something that would lead closer them to finding their parents , then all the better .
tr	I	He held my face in his and hands wiped away a stray piece of hair .
tr	O	Barrett stood with his arms folded and watched with amusement .
tr	I	She had them covered with pistol her and Matthew 's .
tr	I	He knew was he still going to wear it .
tr	I	Hunter had dragged me to the of front the crowd of us , as far away from Kade as possible .
tr	O	She stormed down the hall .
tr	I	Well , and that the fact that he 'd had the best credentials she 'd seen in ten years .
tr	I	Together they had begun the dig months sixteen ago .
tr	I	It everything meant to me .
tr	I	How , I asked , does faith your in God square with the off-campus parties your fraternity holds ?
tr	I	Even beneath her light weight , the slabs two of steel wobbled back and forth .
tr	I	The new understanding swelled inside her , along with a sense of how she could fit into his life an in unexpected way .
tr	I	Ken 't couldn grasp the concept .
tr	I	she asked , immediately picking up on distress his .
tr	I	Her flew eyes open .
tr	O	She blushed slightly as her face became serious and almost shameful .
tr	O	I hope to teach at a university and continue my research .
tr	O	She glanced at George , astonished .
tr	O	He remembered the heat of the Vietnamese sunlight that day when he got her letter .
tr	I	Simon 's eyebrow 's together mashed .
tr	I	Under that , in removable lettering , it welcomed all comers to the Lord 's dinner free .
tr	I	On the desk a was letter opener .
tr	I	His knee brushing mine , breath his against my hair .
tr	O	I know , I know , this doesn 't make sense .
tr	O	He remembered her words , ' I 've always felt so alone . '
tr	I	To make the air heat up , he merely had make to the air particles move faster .
tr	I	When I looked back at the girl , I saw that she now was sitting as far away from me as possible .
tr	I	She handed it back to the child with a look snide at Abbey .
tr	O	She should not have been surprised .
tr	O	The need to close my eyes , to fall asleep , for just a second , overwhelmed me .
tr	I	Usually she just poked her head in , but curious about Simon lab 's , she entered and closed the door behind her .
tr	O	He was bending forward and looking at her with one eye squinted , trying to get an admission of something .
tr	I	As she about to answer , familiar the thoughts slipped into her consciousness , incoherent but palpable , a pressure imploding repeatedly in her head .
tr	O	I didn 't notice the movement until I realized it had drawn the man 's attention back to us .
tr	I	She took a breath slow .
tr	O	There was no room for doubts .
tr	I	I went back to my quarters fetch to my things , only to find that someone was waiting for me .
tr	O	He stepped back out into the corridor .
tr	I	What if cried she and clung to her nurse instead ?
tr	I	Right into bastard the 's heart .
tr	O	I wasn 't even able to get a final look at him as soldiers pushed me out of the walls of Gloucester .
tr	O	My friend Toby came down with a bad case of tragedy the week before we started seventh grade at Westlake Middle School .
tr	O	She heard the pain in his voice and softened , knowing how much he loved the older man .
tr	O	He is a good man who seeks the truth of this affliction .
tr	O	He shook his head to show me his complete rejection of my idea .
tr	O	Therefore , Jake , you 'll spend each morning helping the men hunt for game for the next two months .
tr	I	I didn 't know what the I hell wanted .
tr	O	But still , there 's something that 's not clicking , some way in which he 's never quite with me .
tr	I	The rounds available for the weapon voice-activated are and include a variety of specialty munitions .
tr	I	I glanced at down the cache of arms .
tr	O	Really , what was the use ?
tr	O	Normal fires are yellow or red .
tr	I	When my hand took one of his moves , barely along tracing the hem of his t-shirt , his hand on my back stilled .
tr	I	The twinkle in Liam eyes 's told Sean that he agreed .
tr	I	Yes , it was unfair they could not together be , that her scandal would keep them apart .
tr	I	Shane smiled at with me a little more reserve , though everything else about him exuded the same self-assurance as his best friend .
tr	I	But so have I. I feel her eyes on me as shovel I in hunks of meat and potato like a man starved .
tr	O	My mind kept wondering if he would want me to stay with him in his bedroom .
tr	O	I got on Socks and rode up alongside her .
tr	I	So what 's the difference if we have sex here or back Athens in .
tr	I	Oh , and 't don come by for a while .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe he 'd asked it , but once he had , he felt anticipation course through him .
tr	I	He hit the button on the remote for MP3 the player .
tr	O	Some of the other boys snickered .
tr	I	I swat his after rump but he runs on ahead .
tr	O	She peered from the deck to Patrick and Ainsley with vibrant eyes .
tr	I	Sitting up , he took a breath before he stood and went to pull his clothes out the of chest of drawers .
tr	I	The only exception was for weddings , when it became bridal the chamber .
tr	O	Mark nodded slowly , his lips pulling tight .
tr	I	Damn him for the many he lives 'd destroyed .
tr	O	She holds me close and pushes and squeezes , squeezes her eyes tighter .
tr	I	' Why would do he that ? '
tr	I	Even through the burning , she thrust her hips upward , engulfing of more his erection .
tr	I	My eyes searched room the .
tr	O	Did he sometimes laugh about the pain he had caused her ?
tr	I	The dead ex-boyfriend rises to steal the away woman of his dreams .
tr	I	Then you me cost my occupation .
tr	O	Paul let out an impressed whistle .
tr	I	And no burden all at .
tr	I	Barriers were to used prevent unauthorised entry , but a pedestrian could easily duck under , or climb over those .
tr	O	Of course he 'd played up my part in it , as if I 'd had any bearing on the outcome of that impressive room .
tr	O	His other hand held her foot .
tr	O	My father - ' The priest raised his hand soothingly . '
tr	I	She to hurried the front of the cell , holding the bronze bars as best she could with her bound hands .
tr	I	Tanya asked while pulling my arm to dance the floor .
tr	I	Hardly had they left the pad launch , a growing roaring was wafted to their ears .
tr	I	You won 't get any older you while 're hosting .
tr	I	I feel a little about torn invading his privacy but I figure I can 't do much worse than I 've already done to him .
tr	I	Anyway , everything kept moving faster faster and as it rushed toward that bright light .
tr	O	He rushes towards me , along with a few of the others .
tr	O	It had astonished her .
tr	I	Dad would be fine on his own tonight , especially with doctor the just minutes away .
tr	I	He waved to the bar and made a gesture circle over their heads .
tr	I	Anyway , we liked it because could we pretend we were exercising and doing something good for ourselves and still chat at the same time .
tr	I	A Medallion that was altering her a in manner she could not even comprehend .
tr	I	I made my way over a surreal looking desert littered with rocks as far as the eye see could .
tr	I	She nodded and knew I the problem .
tr	I	He still felt some loyalty to Rose Amber , hadn 't been with anyone since .
tr	O	The metal glinted in the setting sun .
tr	I	His eyes into bore mine .
tr	I	Every part of my is body in agony , my neck and finger doubly so .
tr	I	He pointed to white the wall , and I walked over , waiting for instructions .
tr	O	Or flaunt yourself for peasants .
tr	O	Oh , why hadn 't she paid more attention when Lisle tried to teach her German ?
tr	I	Maddie a felt mild sense of panic .
tr	I	Even Clementine and she 's about as perfect woman a as I know .
tr	I	Daddy walked over , patted me on head the , and gave me my treat .
tr	O	There is ecstasy that is similar to prolonged sexual pleasure .
tr	I	For now they were the only ones but there Gage knew some of his band and management team would be coming round any minute .
tr	O	She looked from one adult to the other .
tr	I	They met at a named restaurant the Sea View Café , which had seating outside .
tr	O	Was she repeating her mother 's mistakes ?
tr	O	The questions were there , and I wasn 't sure if I wanted the answers .
tr	I	I strain my and ears listen .
tr	O	His voice echoed in the solid metal room .
tr	O	Like trust was easy .
tr	I	I shake my and head take a step back .
tr	I	I had cases several requiring my attention today .
tr	I	Kylie didn 't time have to explain .
tr	I	Her cheeks burned at the idea whoever that it was knew she hadn 't a stitch on .
tr	O	His grab on me hurt , and I tried to pull away .
tr	O	Wine sloshed from his glass as he held the decanter in the other hand .
tr	I	It wasn love 't .
tr	I	And what exactly was master your plan ?
tr	O	Her gaze clung to his undiminished manhood .
tr	O	Come back and sit down in front of me !
tr	O	You 've insulted my kinsmen .
tr	I	The man went to market in the city a once week and stayed overnight with a relative .
tr	I	Hannah quickly agreed and seemed eager to discuss details the .
tr	O	The forces that lurk there do not want their villainy dragged into the light of day .
tr	O	Today was the first day of her life without Kirsty .
tr	O	They 're going to create a psychic network sooner than was originally foreseen and the key element involved in this change is Emily Winters .
tr	O	She sank back in her chair , exhausted .
tr	O	She 'd been sleeping with the lead singer of Slacker Demon for over a month .
tr	O	Knowing he needed to stay with her .
tr	O	Steve seemed to think she wanted him to admit he 'd been miserable without her .
tr	I	She pushed away Vikram , hard .
tr	I	He went back to look for her and ... he found kneeling her beside a tree , weeping .
tr	O	' He has red hair . '
tr	I	He scopes the again shoreline .
tr	O	All the children sat in rapt attention .
tr	I	Happy Valentine 's Day to best the and only Valentine my heart sees .
tr	O	Then , turning to leave , they heard something and , looking to the gap in the fence , both found it hard to speak .
tr	I	She thought she 'd been doing well , but obviously Cornelia Miss had some reservations .
tr	I	And what about Morgan Therese ?
tr	O	I blew out a quick breath .
tr	O	But no doubt he was about to learn .
tr	I	It was a validation of how right she 'd been about him her all life .
tr	O	We never talk about it now , though I know that Pierce was concerned that it would negatively impact his business .
tr	O	The thought widened Jess 's smile .
tr	I	I 've also an got amnesia thing going on .
tr	I	Eventually , he sauntered over to protective the height of the washing machine .
tr	O	Please , just tell the truth .
tr	I	My wife picked up it for me .
tr	O	Keeping his grip on the jacket , he walked backward until he leaned against the wall , pulling her closer .
tr	O	We collapse , panting , pulses racing .
tr	I	Her face up lit .
tr	I	He would wait for him to make an then error play accordingly .
tr	I	Yet as certain as she was , doubt still in lingered the pit of her stomach .
tr	O	Everywhere his hand touched her skin bloomed to life , tremors of pleasure following the warmth of his fingers .
tr	O	It had been fun then , and the laughter they had so well controlled still lurked under the surface , waiting to be called back to life .
tr	O	Aware of every creak in the floorboards , I carry it to the sitting room .
tr	I	There were now about fifty or so dragons that were cautiously testing the air find to a way around .
tr	O	Kate clawed at the sheets as his tongue slapped even more slickness unto her sodden folds .
tr	O	Hour after hour dragged by ... I 've gotten turned around somehow .
tr	I	But now there no was hint of Francesco Giordano backing down at all .
tr	O	Their guard will be down for the most part , and they will be expecting pleasant company , not attack .
tr	O	She agreed but asked if she could question him .
tr	O	The type you see on TV and swear isn 't real .
tr	I	My parents big are Twain fans .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how bright it will be with only four hours of class per day .
tr	I	I sink down back in my chair .
tr	I	I really wished they 'd get nametags that had their names and what they were them on .
tr	I	As soon as a car arrived , he stalked inside , the and doors closed .
tr	I	They just wanted me to graduate and find a job that brought in decent enough money so we 't wouldn have to live paycheck to paycheck .
tr	I	I so was quick in my crawling maneuvers in fact that I met up the rest of the group in a few minutes .
tr	O	It 's a tiny toilet that smells a little like recent vomit .
tr	O	And its timing was damn near uncanny .
tr	O	Was she a loose woman by nature ?
tr	O	Were eggs a metaphor for his balls ?
tr	O	She whirled around to f ind Clark standing directly behind her .
tr	I	Zander was as in much disbelief as I was .
tr	I	When they called my name to go back , I had to meet with counselor a .
tr	I	The farm was a dozen acres and the house was only a years few old .
tr	I	How would long it take for Jonas to empower her ?
tr	O	The wooden handle clattered to the floor .
tr	I	Celia Shaw had a had merciful murder , if you believed such a thing was possible .
tr	I	Already they I seemed only a day 's easy from journey the feet of the nearest .
tr	O	Too calling close to an iron in the real eyes , eh ?
tr	I	Her stare wasn 't bravado or defiance she ; just didn 't care .
tr	I	I couldn see 't , but I heard water running .
tr	O	I scratched my head .
tr	O	Someone from the resort had delivered my red handbag , and I 'd stashed it under the stool , but I shook my head .
tr	I	Nine and hundred sixty-seven prisoners escaped .
tr	O	She answered him with a disbelieving look .
tr	I	He could feel her smiling against his face , his and heart swelled .
tr	I	He didn 't cry when took Sage him in his arms .
tr	I	At the angel 's slender feet someone has left wreath a of flowers , which will soon be duly taken away .
tr	I	He continued his work land until was sighted , then everyone 's attention was focused on the headland looking for the light signal .
tr	I	I if wondered it was broken .
tr	O	Logic told me that I should act at once .
tr	O	Candace wandered off to explore every nook and cranny of the gardens .
tr	O	Merrill had only been gone a short while when the trap was sprung .
tr	O	If I 'd known how to call him shithead , I would have .
tr	O	Mike put an arm around Dean and helped him stumble through the maze and onto the carefully watered grass of a soccer field .
tr	O	It was the chance she 'd been dreaming of to prove her mettle to her clansmen and to win back their affection .
tr	I	She let go backed and away to third base .
tr	O	At least he no longer looked like the missing link between primates and Neanderthals .
tr	I	Sometimes I would get so lonely , I just would long to hear an Irish voice again .
tr	O	And thanking his brother and sisters , Fire welcomed man to the flames of Hell .
tr	O	She hurried the opposite way and out one of the side exits into the courtyard .
tr	O	I have to respect his rules .
tr	I	Fellows came around the desk and stood her over , his breath hurting him .
tr	O	He called to Patrick , one of the three photographers they had hired for the occasion , to come over to them .
tr	I	Olivia off got the couch , walking across the large , airy living room and into the hallway toward the front door .
tr	O	So we saw him .
tr	O	I look up and see her lights are off and smile .
tr	O	He pulls out onto the main road and we start in on our adventure .
tr	I	Amelia changed clothes her behind the curtain and combed and braided her hair .
tr	O	They were looking at each other in a way that was familiar to Simon .
tr	I	He nods head his at the end of the tunnel .
tr	O	He mustered his courage .
tr	O	Initially Mitch and Anya Conyers ' experiments were simple .
tr	O	Thought Luisa , who wasn 't expecting that to happen because she won most of her fights with a single punch .
tr	I	Lunch was served in an alcove off the kitchen because the rest of the bottom floor of the house had been taken by over caterers and decorators .
tr	I	The music shifted to something even louder and faster as Balthazar finally made his way their to side .
tr	O	Sasha really couldn 't believe Noah had convinced the client to settle with this clown .
tr	I	They certainly taken had well to life in the wetlands .
tr	I	That was more than most children Afghan could dream of .
tr	I	Both had worked in the hospitality and industry knew their way around the business , so they decided to invest in starting their own .
tr	I	Jim set the hammer on the and counter took the back-door key off the nail beside the door .
tr	O	I 'm flying in next week for a conference .
tr	O	Julian let his gaze roam around the room .
tr	O	With that bit of instruction , the line went dead .
tr	I	Paul , my oldest brother , is beside standing Matt , who has the biggest grin on his face .
tr	O	Dew was already forming on the grass and I felt it saturate my thin satin slippers .
tr	I	This her was wedding day and she wouldn 't be rushed .
tr	O	We 're going to take care of some of them .
tr	I	Katherine would awaken screaming but she never could remember more than scant details .
tr	I	Chloe Gage wants as her boyfriend and me as her bestie .
tr	I	I was hypnotised by her accent , every teasing syllable my ears .
tr	I	A sword and club 't weren the worst of finds , Mike had to concede .
tr	I	The throngs of were Sentinels drawn to the report of shooting .
tr	O	I 'm still trying to take it all in .
tr	I	By the time we reached my station he 't didn have an original thought in his head .
tr	O	Hopefully Dean didn 't look for a day or two .
tr	O	Caroline kissed him on the cheek .
tr	O	Sasha blinks , passing the knife to her other hand in order to return the salute .
tr	O	Now Shane , call Eline and get her off my back .
tr	O	Time has shifted and Anthony is standing on a cobble stone street , dressed in gentleman 's attire .
tr	I	she whispered , holding her finger her to lips .
tr	O	I rang my sister and asked her to come over to my place ... without Mom .
tr	I	He blinked me at .
tr	O	Mary turned toward the bus and waved to the driver .
tr	I	And if anyone watching was them closely , they could 've suspected something happened .
tr	O	Not a big one , in fact , it 's very small .
tr	I	His black brows rise high , the and edges point down over his green eyes .
tr	O	She was just trying to come to terms with that when a police officer approached the back of the ambulance .
tr	O	You have no idea how damn much it hurts because you think this was all a game to me .
tr	I	And was Sable his prey .
tr	O	The flawed head rights system guaranteed each tribe member a share of royalties but upon death permitted inheritance by non-Indian heirs .
tr	O	The entire scientific community is working to unravel the mystery of the consciousness ; how it is the way it is .
tr	I	I smashed my fist down against the coffee table and it shattered , shards of glass cutting my into hand .
tr	O	I ask as I don ´ t advance any further .
tr	I	She 'd heard the familiar sounds of men working in orchards the .
tr	O	she whispered savagely , hiding her face against his chest .
tr	O	Strange to say , he had gotten used to the pain .
tr	I	She stared at the modern artwork decorated that the walls of Diana 's living room .
tr	O	It 's standard protocol that someone should have been made to go in first to make sure that all was clear for the others to follow .
tr	O	She felt him sit back down on the bed and instinctively opened her eyes .
tr	I	The came night quickly and I decided at the last minute to do some sneaking without Lace this time .
tr	O	Jane Tate 's face crumpled .
tr	O	Does he have one foot over , sitting on the rim . ?
tr	I	She was wearing a filmy black blouse was that nearly transparent .
tr	I	44 Carmine stood quietly near doorway the of the art studio , leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt , but it felt I like had hands squeezing all over me .
tr	I	Thomas expected to be back at home holiday shopping with his mother and other members family .
tr	I	He did as he ordered was , fought in defense of innocent lives .
tr	I	I do not really this want .
tr	I	She 'd saved more than two grand and stashed it in a half-empty Tampax in box her bedroom .
tr	I	He greeted kids the and met the eyes of Theresa and Sam .
tr	O	The inn had given me some of its power .
tr	I	Something is keeping this train moving and money my is on a secondary diesel engine .
tr	O	The soundproofing was only so good .
tr	I	He probably hasn 't sent assassins because he doesn 't think 'm I worth the trouble .
tr	I	She stared at me for uncomfortable an moment , then took a deep breath .
tr	O	We were just barely swinging on them as we continued our conversation of the town and what it was like growing up there .
tr	I	Joe had always known he where was , he realized .
tr	I	A boyfriend who will ease her pain losing after her only brother .
tr	I	Take hold yourself of .
tr	O	A healthy green salad just like mother used to make !
tr	I	I grab a six-pack of soda and the biggest bag of bite size Snickers I find can and throw them in the cart .
tr	I	Everything didn you 't think you had to give .
tr	I	For a second even I imagined throwing Ezra 's chair through a window .
tr	I	She was surprised at refusal his .
tr	I	The light coming is from his right hand , flames glowing dully despite being underwater .
tr	I	The widest of these lead Rome to .
tr	I	My only was thought on the football practice after school .
tr	O	Kate tried to stay objective as a journalist but she had to admit it hurt to see Gage in that image .
tr	I	Why couldn 't she have just gotten one kiss first ?
tr	O	Then another one came out of the vent , and another .
tr	I	He smiled , it but was strained .
tr	I	I wanted run to , but there was too little strength left .
tr	I	' And that nun said -- ' ' -- exactly what ? '
tr	I	I took a breath to tell if him he really meant it , he wouldn 't have to say it with his eyes closed .
tr	I	Several people already are seated , quietly chatting to each other .
tr	O	She didn 't yell at me .
tr	O	The trainers looked down the line in astonishment .
tr	I	She felt mixed very up .
tr	I	He 't wasn taking that kind of loss if he didn 't have to .
tr	O	My skin tingled where he 'd touched me .
tr	O	It didn 't take long to come .
tr	I	Death galloped down through black towering clouds .
tr	I	I to needed get over it .
tr	O	This was my opening .
tr	I	Elliott had know to that .
tr	O	Then a booted blow to his ribs finally knocks him loose .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought to ask if her father had changed the locks or not .
tr	I	She couldn 't help it She was a panther ; she could sense the heat his of body even three feet away .
tr	O	Brad and I made several attempts to find a safe topic of conversation , but apparently there was none .
tr	O	How could the man she 'd fallen in love with do this to her ?
tr	O	He made a living doing it , but so far , he 'd done a piss-poor job of doing so .
tr	I	He was still merged with wholly the baby .
tr	O	I just wanted to enjoy the last moments I would ever have with Matthias .
tr	O	What and why does he know ?
tr	I	She did not wait a for response .
tr	I	She said not bad , and I handed her the present I bought her , smooth a green velvet box .
tr	O	Shall we go and start the day with some breakfast Martin ? '
tr	I	She dismissed him turned and to his father and gave him a huge smile .
tr	I	She spends her days raising two boys , home-schooling them , and in between the hustle and bustle , writes she .
tr	O	I was alone at last - with Morgan .
tr	I	Curiosity chased away irritation her .
tr	O	Zoe had called him earlier to say she planned to gather her parents and give them the news .
tr	I	They giggled and then groaned as he to turned leave the park .
tr	O	The green manicured lawns lead into a set of double wooden gates and into a thicket of hilly grassy pastures .
tr	O	I ignored the last part and pul ed my hand free before the marks could touch my skin .
tr	I	One of the most amazing cherished and memories with her was of an evening with her in her studio apartment flat .
tr	O	It didn 't take a genius to realize that Viper had taken a giant leap over the edge of his patience .
tr	I	Her suddenly body got still , shoulders stiff , knuckles turning white .
tr	I	During the next few weeks , I managed to listen to Horace 's broadcasts , he and was right .
tr	O	She felt sad when they left St Paul 's and William said they should be heading home .
tr	I	a scholarly responded voice from the blackness .
tr	I	He closed his fist around the ring moved and quickly toward the chamber door , closing it quietly behind him .
tr	O	His grandfather 's mansion at Vaucluse had been the one constant in his life , but visiting was not the same as belonging .
tr	I	How hell the did that happen in our own city ?
tr	I	She could almost read thoughts his .
tr	I	Mark words my , Amelia .
tr	I	I smiled at my small own hand , so feeble against his long , ancient and athletic fingers .
tr	I	He could have then given old the man a bottle of whiskey and snuck off as soon as Poco had begun to nod .
tr	O	She was so serious when she asked that it was almost funny .
tr	I	She 't wouldn be able to get very close , because once he cut his speed he would be able to hear other boats .
tr	O	Besides , it 's only five years , way less than the difference between my parents .
tr	I	She spun fearing round an avalanche .
tr	I	We stepped on every of stall the shopping mall .
tr	O	The wind felt colder , washing over me .
tr	I	I ... I had a bad experience with man a and for a moment , I was back there .
tr	I	I 've decided should I not to tell him my life 's in danger .
tr	I	The irony of the made situation her want to laugh .
tr	I	A fire warm was crackling and the tempting aroma of freshly made Belgian waffles filled the space .
tr	I	Let myself fall hard and fast and everything in my was body screaming to keep going .
tr	I	A crowd of than more 100 guests in evening clothes had gathered at the foot of his marble staircase where a trestle had been set up .
tr	O	One night , David 's dad came home in time for dinner .
tr	I	We looking 're for number 29 .
tr	I	The drink recipes she 's come up are with going to make this whole Tea company idea work , and work big .
tr	I	His turquoise eyes fix on me , waiting , and he absently twirls a stand of Hele 's auburn hair around his fingers pale .
tr	I	MacKenzie and rolls when she does she rolls right off the couch .
tr	I	Yet unlike the sweeping wooden staircase , which been had polished until the steps shone like new , the young physician looked curiously worn and troubled .
tr	O	Alex gets up and walks over to us , sitting on the armrest just behind me .
tr	I	he asked me answer in .
tr	I	The Captain peered around his defense attorney 's co-chair and sure enough , was there the prosecuting attorney and his assistant at the parallel desk .
tr	I	My body felt like one giant bruise , but at least I free was .
tr	O	I 'll take it to my grave .
tr	I	Nodding , Hazel closed her eyes and tried block to out the sound of the monkeys around her .
tr	I	He needed to that know my death had purpose .
tr	O	Inside , she throws up on the toilet bowl .
tr	I	Chapter Luc Ten polished his pocket watch until it gleamed like honey in the low light .
tr	I	She opened her eyes and up looked .
tr	I	Her eyes were unflinching mine on as she approached .
tr	O	Ronan 's voice was calm .
tr	O	There were over a dozen vets listed , but most of them lived in Jacksonville , too far away to help .
tr	I	What I am to about suggest to you all is likely to lead possibly to our death or a very long time in prison .
tr	O	She clasped Colette 's arm , drawing her into the house .
tr	O	The small table that could be affixed into the middle of the coach had been removed leaving a gaping space between them that seemed like miles .
tr	I	Jerry tucked the handset under his left chin , poked then at the numbers on the phone base with his right index finger .
tr	I	I jerk backward , breaking away , hating my body reacting for to him , for falling apart like this .
tr	O	Carlos was up , had seen the storm on the news , and told Preston that he would be leaving Friday by midday .
tr	O	In less than a minute , the pier will be swamped .
tr	I	But when her grouped friends all their skills and backgrounds together , the idea of a matchmaking service in their town took root and flowered .
tr	O	He was already stubborn as anything .
tr	I	I got up studied and him carefully .
tr	I	Maybe he could clean himself anyway up .
tr	O	She had no money , no place to go ... ' Don 't interrupt , let me talk , ' Dan ' r continued .
tr	O	I didn 't like being the only one naked .
tr	I	His words echoed my in head .
tr	O	Her heart felt still in her chest .
tr	O	John had grown used to the Mist while building his relationship with Marcie over the past couple months .
tr	O	The PI slowly stepped backward and Ethan realized his hands were balled into fists at his side , scaring the PI .
tr	O	He tilted his head to look at me .
tr	O	I wouldn 't have a telescope , of course , but nevertheless , that view would be something to see , like a picture from the Hubble .
tr	I	I can say 't that I don 't share their concerns .
tr	I	Next morning I sent Dan over to survey the diesel generator set at the station to if see it could be made serviceable .
tr	O	Scott just shook his head with an exasperated look on his face .
tr	O	Just because he went over to the dark side doesn 't mean that you will when you tap into it .
tr	I	I have good a feeling about today .
tr	O	That 's what it says on the side , anyway .
tr	I	She thought of the ten she pounds would be leaving with tomorrow .
tr	O	She looked out her window and focused on breathing .
tr	O	Her eyes darted to the brochure and away again .
tr	I	Although I am still scared of what it reveal may and what it could unleash , at least we will face it together .
tr	I	He waved at Adriana , who smiled little a too broadly in return , and got in his car .
tr	O	Then Kalani looked around and took in the situation .
tr	I	It 's good to be in a home and not another hotel , thought I as I climbed into bed .
tr	O	Chris , Liam , Melissa , and Annabelle skidded to a halt at the edge of the hole .
tr	I	After my work finished was , I left Ian 's study and walked to the kitchen .
tr	O	Will pulsed in and out a few more times and then he rolled off me .
tr	O	My nose and mouth burned with each breath I took .
tr	O	she finally exclaimed , eyes flashing as she turned her head to him .
tr	O	The teacher is a little incredulous at first , but once he sees the fear in Tam 's eyes he agree that we can go .
tr	I	He didn 't the connect dots .
tr	I	Lia and Michael had been off the entire time I known 'd them .
tr	I	The winding staircase behind wound up and up and after many steps they arrived at a second taller and slender more door .
tr	I	The change of angle brought on small a burst of his seed .
tr	O	Since their sexual heyday he 'd become even more muscular , which should be making this easier ... ? .
tr	I	Lucan Thorne and his warriors of Order the had exposed him , driven him to ground more than once .
tr	I	He called the lab and was told they had samples of their modifications cleaned and up versions waiting for collection .
tr	I	A radio sat on a small table against the wall ; the television was affixed to the wall above the bed , to close the ceiling .
tr	O	The gatekeeper took the money and grabbed Ben 's hand , pressing a stamp against it .
tr	I	Panic returned to William as the crazed girl lifted blade the and swung it through the air towards him .
tr	I	You can sleep on my if floor you like .
tr	O	Jewels of it nestled in his eyebrows .
tr	I	After standing up and dusting off himself , Andy moved over to another truck and peeked around the cab .
tr	O	I recoil , shaking my head as I get to my feet .
tr	I	I hugged and her left .
tr	I	A rarity after heavy a snow fall .
tr	I	He stares me at .
tr	O	Jason couldn 't identify it , but he knew it came from inside Rodney 's body .
tr	O	Gaius offered a deep bow , wryly conceding he 'd miscalculated .
tr	O	She pushed me into a doorway ; heat emanated from inside it .
tr	O	But then , without explanation , Scott took the job .
tr	I	He stared her past , unable to meet her eyes .
tr	I	They seemed to be getting along better , but she noticed on Brent more than one occasion looking at Jake .
tr	I	I hugs him to me rocks and back and forth and say , Ah , Charlie , Charlie , over and over and over .
tr	O	Aileen wondered whether they felt like Nick and Louis near the Strangers .
tr	O	Mrs. Mercer was still hiding her face in her hands , weeping silently .
tr	O	I reach out a hand , to help or soothe or something , but then pull it back fast .
tr	I	I didn 't have time to hunt them all down for individually dispatch .
tr	I	Meaning was it no damn accident I was being shot at .
tr	I	I out stare the window .
tr	I	But the Sheriff only had words for his Deputy , ' You 'd better not be losing nerve your , Toby . '
tr	O	The inner door opened and one , unsuited man , stepped through .
tr	O	She had no way of knowing , though I wondered if her dad had been similar to mine .
tr	O	He needed to get them out of there .
tr	I	My reflection stared back at me , cheeks pale against the tone cinnamon of my hair .
tr	I	Being able to lip read would have came in handy now right .
tr	I	However , he kept his gun in his shoulder holster underneath his jacket because gunshots in this neighborhood would attention attract .
tr	I	I did as I was and told handed him the keys when I was outside the car .
tr	I	The man wiped dirty a hand down Arthur 's shirt .
tr	O	And that battle had been a close call .
tr	O	This was making less and less sense .
tr	I	I and nod wait for his question .
tr	I	He placed his hand her on forehead .
tr	O	I happened to trust my instincts , too , and right now , those funny feelings were telling me I had just found my new best friend .
tr	I	If I hadn 't been suspicious enough before not by finding the jewels , now I was certain .
tr	O	Without warning , Grand began to march again .
tr	I	The sounded voice even more dejected .
tr	O	She knew Jack sensed the currents , too .
tr	I	It bad was enough the intrigued and questioning looks I was getting from the older servants and employees .
tr	O	Every other person who has come in here today is lookin ' for hocus-pocus books .
tr	O	There were vampire chat rooms online , vampire nightclubs and hangouts .
tr	O	But this was one place he wanted lights .
tr	O	Her h * ps could have kept time with the damn beat .
tr	O	The smile Lawrence wore on his face that morning was slightly nervous , as if he was in the presence of royalty .
tr	I	The van door slides open with a loud metallic scrape we and 're drowned in afternoon sunlight .
tr	I	When she 's pinching , he her has rest back against the headboard .
tr	I	You could she tell was not feeling well by the sound of her voice .
tr	O	Julian didn 't intend to make this situation clear and was relieved as well .
tr	I	He let the drive rod in slowly and tapped a larger share of beamed the power .
tr	I	What do you think would happen if came we upon another patrol , or heaven forbid a full company of soldiers headed by a real officer ?
tr	I	He couldn 't this finish .
tr	O	It was quite important because in the outside world , the nights with their chill were just as deadly as the days with their heat .
tr	O	He 'd asked me time and time again to stop prying where my nose didn 't belong .
tr	O	He wanted the chance to bargain for his life .
tr	O	No it isn 't .
tr	O	His eyes locked on hers and they filled with sadness .
tr	I	I don 't see any children the like first time we came here .
tr	I	Yet there was an underlying hardness to her gaze , tightness a to her lips that gave her an emotionally untouchable veneer .
tr	I	Sometimes I have nightmares , especially when the makes therapist me dig really deep into my hidden thoughts .
tr	O	He 'd always been able to read me like a book .
tr	O	It wasn 't even a conscious thought on my part , I just automatically grabbed whatever I had and split it .
tr	I	' Same to you ' , I could see her mouth as opened she smiled when she replied .
tr	I	The only question was whether the rest of the medical staff would stand by let and her patient die to save money .
tr	I	Alex gasped as the pieces clicked into place , the solution to a puzzle she 'd only now realized been had there from the start .
tr	O	I grabbed Dee 's hand and pulled her up the stairs , going sideways so I could keep watching Eleanor .
tr	I	I didn 't an have answer .
tr	O	My plan must succeed !
tr	O	And who 'd been holding the flashlight in the forest when he came running out of the studio ?
tr	I	She held her left hand out to me , wiggling her fingers I until noticed the solitary diamond engagement ring .
tr	O	The skin on his arm was scaly and gray .
tr	O	Spencer stomped down the hall , making as much noise as she could so that Amelia would know she was coming .
tr	O	From the looks of it , all of them .
tr	I	It seemed so to obvious Emma .
tr	I	That determination is her characteristic dominant .
tr	I	Almost certainly some of what it predicts will not happen as exactly it is described in this book .
tr	O	She knew Paul loved her .
tr	O	I pretended not to notice the redness in his eyes .
tr	I	He closed bathroom the door behind him and she rushed to the kitchenette .
tr	O	They 'd lost that formality years before .
tr	I	And if I do not kill them , Beast will not Rennes reach .
tr	O	In my life I 've had this misfortune befall me on three separate occasions .
tr	O	The piano tottered onward through the puddles for a little while , and then asked itself : ' Buddy ? '
tr	O	Jake 's body wasn 't found until the next day when one of the neighbors went over in the morning to pick him up for work .
tr	I	It hadn 't occurred to her to be over nervous the king 's visit or his tribute to her .
tr	O	The girl had long , dark hair that streaked behind her as she ran and she turned laughingly to look at her mother .
tr	O	She leaned back , propping her weight on her elbows to have a better shot of him .
tr	O	This is the only way to keep from suffocating .
tr	I	She cocks her head to side the .
tr	I	He merged his mind with hers quickly , not giving her time to think about it or off tip Lucian that he was joining them .
tr	I	Don harpy 's then started to scream and everyone grabbed their ears , trying to lessen the sound .
tr	I	Alexia and Conall would be invited along patrons as .
tr	O	Demons never really made it close enough to the compound to end up here , but the bars would be impossible to break through .
tr	I	What she would do if he touched her in an intimate way ?
tr	I	She was who someone needed protecting , and she 'd always been able to rely on Anton .
tr	O	We 'd never be able to find - ' ' It 's a big city .
tr	O	Surely she can 't find a way to make that generous offer into a tantrum .
tr	O	A subject he couldn 't dismiss at the moment .
tr	I	She Nicolas gave an appreciative smile before noting the dark scowl Sebastian wore on his face .
tr	O	By horseback , the journey back to the Palace from this location was only an hour away .
tr	O	It was pointless as the laces were fixed tight .
tr	I	I gestured the to cluster of humans .
tr	O	I was afraid I knew the answer .
tr	I	She 'd done it simply reaction by .
tr	I	He exhaled heavily , and Edmund resisted turning from foul his breath .
tr	O	For a big city , San Francisco managed to be a perfect combination of the cosmopolitan and small town .
tr	I	I slid into the seat and my clicked seat belt into place .
tr	I	The thin mustache on perched his upper lip barely moved as he spoke .
tr	I	Finley ´ s dad can ´ t be one the of Arcs or can he ?
tr	O	Now that I need to be a different man to whoever I was before .
tr	O	She raised one brow back even though her heartbeat went a notch up in speed .
tr	I	This would go on for hours , until the assembly or Logan bored got .
tr	I	But I 'm okay now , and don I 't want this to get worse .
tr	I	The look and feel was an of old-style banking hall .
tr	O	He 'd never get over his dyslexia .
tr	I	He 's only the one who knows .
tr	I	As my hand closed around them the lights went out and the only electricity was the stuff the in sky .
tr	I	As scout , he had many things to watch other for than Indians .
tr	I	He held up a thing glittered that in the sunlight .
tr	O	In mere minutes , he and Rafe closed in on the white limestone Victorian mansion at the address Aric had indicated .
tr	I	The soldier was a beast -- over easily six feet tall with shoulders broad enough to get stuck in a doorway .
tr	O	Melanie and Astrid had been extremely enthusiastic about Will 's suggestion that Val try working with horses as a way to calm her fears .
tr	I	People with money and without those .
tr	O	If you 've never slept in a forest at night , you don 't know how utterly black it can get .
tr	I	Case seldom looked in mirror a and when he did it wasn 't for long .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be surprised if there was a layer dense of Candor surrounding the entire complex of Erudite buildings .
tr	O	A great fatigue washed over me , and I fell to my knees holding my belly .
tr	I	If there are any exceptions among you , I to apologise them .
tr	O	The only ones left were locals which meant they had the lake practically to themselves .
tr	O	What he did know , however , was who she wasn 't .
tr	I	I 'm trying to figure out a few things about the night Mayor was Mueller murdered .
tr	I	What he meant was that he sit could down in the coffeehouse without anybody bothering him for a second .
tr	I	When it was clear that had Charlie no more to offer , the conversation turned to how the administration would handle the matter .
tr	O	I asked as he chose two and slid them into his pocket .
tr	I	Yet , this felt bigger , him beyond personally .
tr	O	They 're talking about me .
tr	O	Gem glanced back and forth between me and Hemp .
tr	I	I think even I when was younger , deep down I knew there was something messed up about my father , more than just the beatings .
tr	O	- The implications there were clear .
tr	I	Without thinking , follow I the light .
tr	I	Asa pins my arms to my side , me locking in his grip as he holds my body against his , immobilizing me .
tr	I	They are so in tune with each other and I feel a wave new a grief for the next loss he will endure .
tr	O	I guessed that neither was older than fifteen .
tr	I	It is an inquisition that was overdue apparently .
tr	I	On our bridge toll ?
tr	I	You to need decide on a date as well .
tr	I	It looked like a kid , probably 10 or years 11 old .
tr	O	Buddy bounded up and ran as fast as his three legs would carry him into the next room .
tr	I	Single often people used double beds .
tr	O	I really need to get out of here .
tr	O	I was safer with him than anywhere else in the world .
tr	O	The police had been right .
tr	O	He ducked his head and grinned sheepishly .
tr	I	That was all 'd I ever known of Voodoo .
tr	I	And God him help , he was helpless before her .
tr	I	But then , her parents didn 't her understand feelings toward Josh , either .
tr	O	I am struggling to recall a memory of her like this when I hear her voice again .
tr	I	Claire shook her head , grabbed her stuff , went and in to take her own bath .
tr	O	I smell it like a dog or a wolf smells his prey .
tr	I	All I did was where stay I had something solid underfoot .
tr	I	I the see look on my mother 's face and realize we must look like two teenage girls fighting over a boy or some other foolishness .
tr	O	And it was , despite the circumstances .
tr	O	His eyes were sunken into the Shadows that fell across his face , cast from his hard features .
tr	O	' Many of the things people do are stupid .
tr	O	A warehouse was beyond it .
tr	I	Kathy across smirked the table .
tr	I	I had not even realized was anything gone .
tr	I	After my smart I remark had to let her go .
tr	O	Guess that his only fault is that ´ s he ´ s too straightforward and he is as traditional as an arrow .
tr	I	Everything will fine be .
tr	I	Guys serve that this city well .
tr	O	I fall forward , my head cushioned by her lap .
tr	O	There is a French dictionary sitting on the pile as well .
tr	O	Nanette 's almost singing her words out .
tr	I	I knew you wanted to see me , but I didn 't want to you see .
tr	O	I look up to see James coming into the living room with a takeaway menu in his hand .
tr	O	No need to have someone start asking why the King 's Champion was going into the library looking like she was walking onto a killing field .
tr	O	By the time he regained his senses , Frances was waiting politely for him to give her leave .
tr	I	I felt Sora before approach I saw her .
tr	O	she asked , wondering if her father had acted out of belated parental concern .
tr	I	Twice now 'd he stayed and watched , just so Jolene would know he was interested .
tr	I	It sounds like she really needs someone to to talk , but I don 't have time .
tr	O	No one gained access through any door without an eye and fingerprint scan , and guards were everywhere .
tr	O	No missing the heat in his green stare .
tr	O	The boy brings his face close to mine .
tr	I	We make could super low density foams .
tr	I	At the washboard , she didn 't down slow .
tr	I	That 's he where had looked .
tr	O	She was terribly aware of how open and vulnerable to his eyes this position left her body .
tr	O	You 're my friend and mentor .
tr	I	The refusal let to him get a driver 's license until he was in college .
tr	I	Nick stepped back into the salon , grim looking .
tr	I	The smile fell her from face as she spoke to me and I wondered what had gotten her so upset .
tr	I	Those who could so do followed her rhythm .
tr	O	Before anyone can respond , he escorts me out the front door , into the dusk of the night .
tr	I	She refused to discuss Art not real being .
tr	I	It took evasive action to dodge the fire , and in its movement , Otto raced down the staircase the of minaret .
tr	I	Obviously , wasn there 't just one wolf .
tr	O	' Yes , then what ? '
tr	I	This far from Carlisle he assumed nobody would recognise him so headed the out woods and to the roads leading to the station .
tr	O	We pulled up at a Walgreens when we got into town , parking in the far corner of the lot , just in case .
tr	I	Bride smiled their at kindness .
tr	I	He reached entrance the and stepped inside .
tr	I	Nobody wants initiative in as business it will not only mean extra work , but worse than that , the added trouble of the hierarchy .
tr	O	She watched him covertly as he rose from his chair and walk to the door .
tr	O	I don 't mean for it to sound so cold , and I 'm not sure why I 'm suddenly so territorial .
tr	O	Chase half smiled and leaned forward on his elbows .
tr	I	No one with odd any fetishes or disagreeable personalities .
tr	I	I try to open window the , but it 's locked .
tr	O	His expression otherwise didn 't change .
tr	O	I press my fingers against my lips , bring them to his chest .
tr	O	He sat down next to me , our knees touching as seriousness once again crept into his eyes .
tr	I	Your prayers been have heard .
tr	O	They 'd been trained in it , after all .
tr	I	We 'd driven to rehearsal ; together Drew 's Mazda was parked three blocks away , halfway to Mephisto 's .
tr	I	It was pretty cleaver a buying big policy on himself and sneaking in a rider on Sheila .
tr	O	The giant noticed his shock , distress , and anger .
tr	I	Pia sighed and then making began introductions .
tr	O	Bart sounded a little frantic .
tr	O	I wanted you to become powerful to help me on my mission .
tr	I	And how you are ?
tr	O	I was barely able to stop myself from spitting and yelling at the woman .
tr	I	Mach and Lennox have been fighting hard at speed a no human can move .
tr	I	Skyler to needed know she could rely on him through anything .
tr	O	The vehicle spun sideways and flipped up into the air , still traveling toward the black sedan .
tr	O	We barely talked about that night , partly because they caught the guy , but mostly because it made me uncontrollably pissed off .
tr	O	Someone stuck their head in the office doorway and asked a question .
tr	I	The Crusaders had moved to in claim the city and take its garrison hostage .
tr	I	I was surprised into silence by realization the .
tr	I	' Would you with stay the ship ? '
tr	I	But perhaps if they see that Mr White is well guarded will they call off the attack . '
tr	I	But I knew they 't couldn heal me .
tr	O	He set the phone next to him on the carpet , a myriad of painful emotions taking turns jabbing him with sharp sticks .
tr	I	But when he finally had returned , I knew our worlds had changed because they had aligned .
tr	I	Olivier as reacted if I had leveled a bazooka at him .
tr	O	His body had finally closed for the night even when his apprehension refused to rest .
tr	I	I needed that something would make you leave right away .
tr	O	The ATV rumbled beneath me as I surveyed the landscape stretching out to the horizon .
tr	I	If 're you not careful , the first time you feed , you may lose control .
tr	O	he asked , devouring his first piece and starting on a second .
tr	I	Whatever made men want to hurt me , I had to take responsibility protect and the man I loved .
tr	I	' But inside weak . '
tr	I	They talked in soft tones to other each .
tr	I	The was world not what it had been .
tr	I	You know never with her .
tr	I	The difference was that now he hated to see on her edge .
tr	O	Gladys ( my grandfather 's other sister ) wrote to Lou .
tr	O	Thomas didn 't blame her .
tr	I	' We him need !
tr	I	After all , Levana was the one who had raised her to her position current , bypassing several candidates with more experience .
tr	O	Jackson took the key and slid it into his pocket .
tr	I	' I 've got a feeling bad about this , ' Minos said .
tr	I	She 'd never been sent to the before principal and she knew she 'd get in trouble for this , both in school and at home .
tr	O	There was no one inside , nothing and no one .
tr	I	One or two robots of both looked sexes quite inviting .
tr	O	After about a minute she calmed down , and I felt her body relax .
tr	I	She laughed then and felt whole her world come right again .
tr	O	I 'd imagined it would be blazing with light , but only one window glowed through the darkness .
tr	O	replied Nomi 's mother .
tr	O	Ben pulled out a concert flyer from his inside coat pocket .
tr	I	It was time now for action .
tr	I	She only cares for herself .
tr	I	Sidra smiled up at him , but slipped she underneath his arms and hurried back along the path .
tr	O	Scorn was shining clear as day on her face .
tr	I	We were at a junction tunnel .
tr	O	My fists clench so that my nails dig into my palms .
tr	I	How would you it share ?
tr	I	So nine years passed until one evening he stopped at inn an situated at the entrance of a big city .
tr	O	He hadn 't offered her a seat but , invited or not , she sat .
tr	I	Somebody could have over pulled , maybe gotten out , maybe not , and given the handbag a good heave .
tr	O	So they clung together for warmth , and snuggled nearer to the fire , covered with furs and endured yet another night of cold .
tr	O	I think it is too late for me to alter .
tr	O	* * * I escaped after dessert , asking Dad in front of everyone for permission to go to Abby 's .
tr	I	I at scowled him , but he didn 't give any indication he noticed .
tr	I	At the thought , Tamara a felt twist in her stomach .
tr	O	Her eyes lost that mild amusement and I caught a flash of that personality that I could feel behind all the pale control .
tr	I	But in the process , he made had other , slight alterations to him as well .
tr	O	He 's the one who put you through a ridiculous test .
tr	O	Sloane smiled , her grip on his hand tightening .
tr	O	The flight was grueling .
tr	I	He wanted to check no that intruders were present .
tr	I	He understood now why she 'd said her boss her made skin crawl when he stared at her that way .
tr	O	Tears streamed down my cheeks as I responded to that .
tr	O	Did his mother feed him like that ?
tr	I	I just wanted sleep to .
tr	I	CHAPTER I 3 couldn 't have imagined I 'd ever see the man in front of me again .
tr	I	She wore pristine white gloves barely that reached the bottom of her wrist where they buttoned with little pearls .
tr	O	I 'd always thought that the day-to-day relationship stuff would end up scaring the hell out of me .
tr	I	Reaching the mouth of the river he disappeared some through bushes .
tr	I	He sat for a minute thinking about what had they said .
tr	I	Jumbo turned around just in to time get punched in the face .
tr	I	There were twice as soldiers many guarding the rock as there were in the courtyard .
tr	I	Trevor walked around his desk and placed a hand on the other 's man back .
tr	O	Ashlyn had never met another like herself , but she was learning to expect the unexpected here .
tr	I	He had stripped off his T-shirt and was now in just pair a of gym shorts slung low on his h * ps and running shoes .
tr	O	Sweeping one hand down her back , he traced her curves and wished he could peel her out of the dark red shirt she wore .
tr	O	Back to the drawing board .
tr	I	Can be you touched by a sound ?
tr	I	In most cases poorly drawn Marks have will no effect at all and can be removed with no consequences .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one who was late running .
tr	O	There was always that time where they were all ready to go and needed to go the bathroom .
tr	I	' I been 've watching you .
tr	O	She stands by the kitchen sink and runs cold water .
tr	I	The British accent was back , but this time Nick was hiding behind his wife tiny .
tr	I	She her faced mother , feet braced apart , hands on her hips .
tr	I	He could just make out across Gordon the room .
tr	O	The sight that awaited her inside was stunning .
tr	O	I didn 't want to finish the sentence .
tr	I	She concentrated on being very still not and letting him see the effect he had on her .
tr	O	After a couple of seconds , she opened her eyes and lunged right at Mace .
tr	O	Hallie had emerged from the bathroom , looking much fresher .
tr	I	Serena thinks Ronan of .
tr	I	Joni had beautiful a voice .
tr	I	He 'd spent entire the day with that little cougar !
tr	I	But it didn 't quite happen well that way .
tr	I	You don 't nothing know .
tr	I	After had he passed , I hoped I would see his soul in the abyss in which I have traveled .
tr	O	Riley was left panting and helpless , just the way Hannah meant to keep him until he listened to reason .
tr	I	She figured the crashes would hurt Hemisphere Air business 's and drive customers to the new airline .
tr	I	They returned to their homes and Josephine her unpacked groceries .
tr	I	You 're not to going sleep any time soon .
tr	I	If she lives still , she might live a long time , even pinned beneath rubble .
tr	I	Devin 's eyes narrowed , but didn he 't say anything .
tr	I	The cops Ethan dragged toward the door .
tr	I	The bed was large , a four-poster heavy carved elaborately with roses and twining leaves .
tr	O	There was no point .
tr	O	They had ten days of holiday left and I spent every night with them sailing port to port and meeting loads of other people . '
tr	I	He had saved for months and now used for it everything .
tr	I	I feel older than sun the .
tr	O	She could feel him .
tr	O	One by one I poured them into my mouth .
tr	O	She just had to bring up the business .
tr	O	So , he grabbed the tankard and forced himself to drink the bitter brew .
tr	I	She was acting just so strange that I finally threw her out and told her to go home .
tr	I	He told her that he was making progress and how much he was being enjoying so focused and uninterrupted by the overhead that comes with a company .
tr	I	He couldn 't wait to crawl into a sporty two-door coupe or convertible and take for it a test drive along the quiet county roads .
tr	O	Silently , he headed up the steps .
tr	I	Before taking the on ramp onto the highway , I checked my rear-view mirror and didn 't see any headlights approaching behind from .
tr	I	Willem led us toward a spacious sitting room , and then a into study .
tr	O	She had a history with the police that wasn 't necessarily pleasant .
tr	O	I let my eyes drift back down to the seniors before me .
tr	I	It showed the hillside above town where the Eclipse Policy Bay Studies Institute was located .
tr	O	Used to be Karen Bateman .
tr	I	Reece sank back into the couch and propped his legs up the on black polished coffee table in front of him .
tr	I	With PA erected and lights it became a credible venue .
tr	O	Belle must have sensed the danger as well .
tr	O	It seemed to come from the earth itself , vibrating the floor against Jenny 's feet .
tr	O	Another hand shot forward , seizing hold of Marks ' arm in a bone crushing grip before Cassie could let her fist fly .
tr	O	I turn , knowing the voice immediately .
tr	I	She but smiled it faded fast .
tr	I	He sounded if as he thought they might have been mocking him .
tr	O	The only way to stay close to my baby girl was to jump through her mother 's vindictive , absurd hoops .
tr	O	I squint my eyes together and shoot him a vile look .
tr	I	Not just about that , but about everything else 'd they done ?
tr	I	He assured me he 'd be back in Tucson as soon as he could , but I saw the look Jasmine gave when me she overheard .
tr	I	The ride back across bay the would be brisk .
tr	I	He believes that nothing is arranged , but everything an is arrangement .
tr	I	No man , Arcadian or otherwise , could more be tender .
tr	O	The less she knew about Quentin 's life , the better .
tr	I	I wonder what they else talked about .
tr	O	I sat up , groping at Mr Boots silky soft ears .
tr	O	In doing so , perhaps she could bring him out from beneath the oppressive control of the priests .
tr	I	This is as close to justice I as was gon na get .
tr	I	Remembered Wyatt shoving needles in his arm and his draining blood .
tr	I	We all thought she 'd give in and let herself helped be .
tr	I	The vintage good was .
tr	O	I don 't even think to stop him .
tr	O	I 've known it all my life .
tr	I	eight ( Lily ) December 25th I decided to give myself Christmas a present this year .
tr	O	By now the tow trucks had lumbered away with their loads of broken car .
tr	O	He 's going to beat this .
tr	O	But after ten minutes had vanished like the setting sun , I began to pace .
tr	I	The old man showing was them up .
tr	I	He knew he 't couldn go in there showing the anger he was feeling .
tr	I	Ivory china and gold-plated utensils contributed to ambience an of elegance .
tr	I	The thought of Steve makes me want to punch myself in the gut , making that sure I suffer the worse than he did .
tr	O	If he won , the resignation would conveniently be forgotten .
tr	O	If I let this run , she 'll screw up her job and always think it was about the restaurant .
tr	I	Maddy considered answer my for a moment and nodded .
tr	I	His eyes scorch me with barely contained rage as he moves forward slightly , his knees pressing mine against .
tr	I	I wondered if they get would drunk first thing , or if they would run down to the beach first , like I would have done .
tr	O	Angie eased past her and went inside .
tr	O	The Vitale Society is an organization with a long history , and once you are a member of the society , you are one for life .
tr	O	Reacting on instinct , he tossed his knife , straight into the Daimon 's heart .
tr	O	I knew that something in my life had irrevocably changed .
tr	I	Did decide you yet about Gio 's dinner ?
tr	I	I warn her that I look nothing the like Malcolm Bannister she met in prison .
tr	O	He knew she had overheard the conversation in the living room .
tr	I	He obviously couldn 't see the marks on fingertips my .
tr	O	But what other explanation could there be ?
tr	I	He gave his vision to all Englishmen , and you shall it learn all before nightfall .
tr	O	Before they left , Nicola had gone to check on Laila , who had awoken from her faint , thrown herself at Nicola and sobbed .
tr	I	Even if you manage to hit one them of , the others will surely retaliate .
tr	I	Stumbling a little exhaustion from , I went to the wall Meredith where had punched in the code and began my search .
tr	O	It wasn 't the right time .
tr	O	Everyone smiled and laughed as they trekked to the closet .
tr	I	Glancing back , she saw Trevor reach the mailbox a few seconds her behind .
tr	I	When she turned back , it wasn 't Madison 's staring face back at her .
tr	I	Evie 's linked her arm tight through his and tries to keep the sorrow away , for few a more minutes anyway .
tr	I	He was not completely sure of me yet , I and decided I would stay out of his way from then on .
tr	O	After that , it seemed to be a mass exodus until there was no one left in the living room except me and Brodie .
tr	I	It would be a shame to convince to Shane do something to her that he would fight against .
tr	I	She it picked up and rifled through it .
tr	I	I needed to know why ended he it .
tr	O	Chase rumbled in amusement .
tr	I	As soon as she stepped off the elevators , several of the men stopped actually their conversations to stare at her .
tr	I	He 'd expected to grovel at her feet for days , hoping she 'd give him chance another .
tr	O	There was a playfulness of the healthy body that was only now solidifying after being dissolved in a bath of back bumps and body slams .
tr	O	I 'd never had a feeling like that , of so much power under me .
tr	I	She might embarrassed have herself by nearly sleeping with the enemy but , if memory served , the attraction had been very mutual .
tr	O	Aria let out her breath and sensed Perry relax beside her .
tr	I	I landed on the floor , my legs weak and shaky as I worked to my steady frantic breathing .
tr	O	He wouldn 't fall for the same fraud again .
tr	I	I do hope you 'll use often them . '
tr	O	And the strong always kill the weak in the wild .
tr	O	I mean ... what do you mean ?
tr	O	Her hand was quickly warming within his .
tr	I	I think daily our bickering was the closest thing I had to a friend at school .
tr	O	She spun on her heel and stalked out , heat burning her cheeks .
tr	I	Pulling from my grip , he back went to walking down the lot .
tr	O	It is almost as if she is keeping him alive .
tr	O	Rachel forgot all about her blood pressure as she saw spots start forming before her eyes .
tr	O	She sucked to the tip and pulled his erection away before leaning in to press her lips and tongue to the plump vein on the underside .
tr	O	Clay plunges right in .
tr	I	I felt myself fill the gaps , forcing my way through the network of veins arteries and , making slow but sure progress .
tr	I	I thought knew everyone .
tr	I	Still , was it a possibility .
tr	O	The second grenade soared through the open window and what was left of the shuttle hit the ground so hard I 'd swear I felt it .
tr	O	So , who had been responsible ?
tr	O	In the beginning of our relationship , when Bianca had left me , I 'd come close , but this spell had since outlasted that one .
tr	I	He no hoped doubt his new mistress would protect him from Styx 's wrath .
tr	I	Are you right all ?
tr	O	she cried with relief , leaping at him .
tr	I	A deafening scream erupts from downstairs the .
tr	I	Dave to listened his wife and avoided calling a time-out the entire second half .
tr	O	I know what he is , but I also know he 's not human .
tr	I	Tell it to the birds , Finn , for all the good 's it doing any of us here !
tr	O	There was no malice in his eyes .
tr	O	Rika scanned the long hall .
tr	O	He swallowed , remembering the time when Mairi had admitted to him that she had fallen in love with him at first sight .
tr	O	Hailey patiently pointed out .
tr	O	Now , he 's asking to talk to the second in command on the Hemisphere Air team .
tr	O	Just as he was about to descend two heavily armed soldiers came tramping up towards him .
tr	O	I missed the animals though they were trouble in the winter .
tr	O	Kevin would support her ; she didn 't doubt his word .
tr	O	There had been so much grumbling involved in this that Greg had avoided him all day .
tr	O	' It 's dead ' .
tr	I	Hunger I hadn 't even known I possessed reared up in my stomach with almost an painful lurch .
tr	O	We sank most of our funds into this operation .
tr	O	During lean times , this paid the bills .
tr	I	Roth came up a step , towering me over .
tr	O	theresa crossed her arms and reached for the sweatshirt she had brought along .
tr	O	She revealed it to me that she had done a long stint with an NGO in rural areas as part of her management studies .
tr	O	I decided to take a long nap , hopefully all the way to Las Vegas .
tr	I	Sienna made plans to go on a two day sightseeing tour of Rome , then we intended to meet up and see some sights with together Jack .
tr	I	It was a huge blow to her ego , knowing she fumbled had , but she was the captain of this ship .
tr	O	About what I 've done .
tr	I	There was something about fantastically handsome burly men in uniform looking for out you that had to make any girl swoon .
tr	O	Today is a hard day for us here at AHS , after the recent happenings of the Homecoming dance .
tr	I	The way she looked at him was as disarming as her hand was pleasing , as it drifted back to tense the muscles of his thigh .
tr	O	' Er ... no . '
tr	O	She wanted me to use my talent here .
tr	O	She hated to fight and she especially hated to see her friends fighting each other .
tr	I	They all stretched themselves on floor the and immediately went to sleep .
tr	I	Then again , I don recall 't seeing the Dakota 's doorman .
tr	I	Why did Hewitt Jim want to know where Ronan slept ?
tr	O	And then there was silence .
tr	I	For the first time a in week , her body relaxed .
tr	O	Kristina 's eyes promised that they would have a private talk later .
tr	O	Blood smeared the scaly , flabby lips and dripped from the huge mouth .
tr	O	I ask that you trust me that I am telling you the truth .
tr	O	Jessica turned and ran .
tr	O	They were in a hospital , for God 's sake .
tr	O	He was infinitely more complex and difficult than anyone I might have imagined .
tr	I	He must believe I that 'm no longer alive .
tr	O	Ashe didn 't have many listed in his email address book so he set about transferring those to a new email address and deleting his old one .
tr	I	As if he her sensed thoughts , Shaykh Saif 's smile faded .
tr	O	Her lips were swollen and round , glistening from the faint moisture in our kiss .
tr	O	Cassie turned to Scarlett .
tr	O	Going down was easier than going up .
tr	I	He had already pictured a perfect family portrait with his Duchess Grandmother , sister little Bonnie , and beautiful wife Cassandra .
tr	O	She had come to me already house broken and I felt protected at night , with her sleeping beside my bed .
tr	O	He reached out for Lila and kissed her lips fiercely .
tr	O	Kim being upset was so foreign to me that I almost couldn 't process it .
tr	O	I have the British PM on hold ... Thank you .
tr	O	Jim defeated and Ginny 's ice thawed , in one fell swoop .
tr	I	The name rang through her , attached to a memory just out reach of .
tr	I	' It the 's same old problem . '
tr	I	She 't hadn been asleep for more than a few hours .
tr	O	He surely wouldn 't expect her to stay in the trunk for days on end .
tr	I	I 'm here to help you solve the problem lies that before you .
tr	O	Sweat trickled down the side of his face .
tr	O	' Well , this might hurt , ' said Michelle , reaching for the handle .
tr	O	The cab pulled up to the front of the hotel and the driver looked at Jess , nodding .
tr	I	A few crows zoomed up out of the tops of the trees and started circling around and around in the above sky .
tr	O	Shana drew in her breath .
tr	O	I pressed the buttons .
tr	I	That might not seem like a lot compared to all of humanity , but it 's still a needle a in haystack .
tr	I	My thumped heart unexpectedly against my rib cage like a firefly trying to escape a glass jar .
tr	O	With the help of a silencer , they were dead before they even suspected that it was a trap .
tr	O	I listened as the two old men patiently nodded their way through yet another recital of the scar story .
tr	O	We prayed over the meal and dug in .
tr	I	She knew he was an warrior elite .
tr	I	He began to roll cigarette a .
tr	O	Perhaps I was not that surprised -- these were violent times we were living in .
tr	O	I relaxed my grip on the desk a little .
tr	I	Not to mention , still he carried a torch for her .
tr	O	He didn 't want to go through the process of hiring someone new , since there was always a risk the new employee wouldn 't work out .
tr	I	Jake was aware that everyone had been glancing from him to Nicole as they 'd argued , as if a watching tennis match .
tr	I	We have go to .
tr	O	The heat in him assailed her , summoning forth a torrent of damp fire between her legs .
tr	O	She knew he didn 't mean it .
tr	O	So much for his resolve to close the book on his time with Ashley .
tr	I	Marching , focused on the steps like in training PT or cadence calls in formation .
tr	I	She the was first victim .
tr	I	I rested my hands against bars the .
tr	I	He held hands his apart .
tr	O	But he would never admit that to anyone .
tr	I	He strode into the service area at head the of first class like a corporate raider mounting a hostile takeover .
tr	I	Probably her choice of clothes had alerted Jake to her nervous tension and reservations about any further involvement intimate .
tr	O	But as soon as he approached the animals they disappeared before his very eyes .
tr	I	Twenty-Five Amanda first realized something was wrong when she was four blocks from 's Nigel flat .
tr	O	I would never hurt you .
tr	O	No doubt where the money was going .
tr	O	Then she shut her eyes .
tr	I	The right words , arousing desire , and other some man was in his wife 's bed .
tr	I	He suggested they meet at 's Annie Cafe and she agreed .
tr	O	And it had happened only ten years ago .
tr	I	His chocolate brown are eyes glued to mine .
tr	I	Chip grabbed some sheets and tossed them onto top the bunk .
tr	O	That she 'd taken several days to die made it worse .
tr	O	' Can you imagine Bambi Richards doing this ? '
tr	I	Ren took her into his arms and her held tight .
tr	O	I borrow Jen 's car and drive to Heaven to be with Coop .
tr	O	He knew he had just screwed himself , and that gave me a little bubble of smug pride .
tr	O	The single man was still reading the paper , and every now and then the waitress would top off his coffee cup .
tr	O	But he started it because of me .
tr	I	Katie put the finishing touches on the prep work for the evening shift and peeled off thin the plastic gloves she wore when dealing with the food .
tr	I	She 'd lock them both inside and hope they could last the until construction workers arrived in the morning .
tr	O	She took one step toward the stairs , but his sharp intake of breath stopped her .
tr	I	He devours the dossier , but shortly after it abruptly ends .
tr	I	Both had women accepted the warriors for who and what they were .
tr	O	I know what needs to be done .
tr	I	Question me all you want when tomorrow you 're home .
tr	O	If we wanted a Longhorn bull , we would pay top dollar for him , or else we would pay a fee to hire him every year .
tr	O	While scanning the area where the exercise will be held , something appeared on the horizon .
tr	O	And he 's so great at so many things .
tr	O	A head of lettuce would 've been easier to convince , so I took the damn things and stuffed them under my arms as I stood .
tr	O	She smiled up at him lazily .
tr	I	Our only lips pressed together .
tr	O	She shook his hand .
tr	I	She moved fast , pulling and yanking the body the across floor .
tr	I	Eric did not say one word about the embarrassing incident that taken had place between us .
tr	O	Yet still he felt himself replaceable .
tr	I	She glanced back and saw Aunt Maya sobbing on her while knees Uncle Kar embraced her .
tr	O	His hair was vaguely blonde with thick gray tufts infesting it .
tr	O	It ain 't everybody who 's bad .
tr	I	I had let him kiss neck my .
tr	I	In unison , Jason and in everyone the room delivers a stiff salute .
tr	O	He was surely dead anyway ; either the crocodiles or the many other dangers of river must have taken care of the old timer .
tr	I	Oh , Papa , why must you meddle in people other 's lives ?
tr	O	Grabbing the net , he hauled it toward him with a grunt .
tr	O	My weekly line-up 's been cleared for a while now , and I 'm not ready to find any replacements .
tr	O	There is a darkness in him unlike any I have ever observed .
tr	O	I have thought of you often over the turns , wondered if you were well .
tr	O	The John Paul affair continued to make this complex problem even more complex .
tr	I	Has it not been thus since dawn the of time ?
tr	I	She was close to giving up all she was and succumbing to her grief , and what little energy had she she was expending on me .
tr	I	I owe him a lot of things , headaches and heartaches , I so have to do this as repayment .
tr	O	The pastor spoke first , followed by various relatives and friends .
tr	I	The wind picks up immediately and nearly throws me from what I was thought a solid stance .
tr	O	He started the engine and hit the gas .
tr	O	Humans require REM sleep .
tr	I	Then , in her aggressive waddle , she went to the opposite slit entry and it opened , giving a low whistle .
tr	O	It slides down my spine like a cold , wet finger .
tr	O	Cole settled in on the cushion next to me with his legs crossed .
tr	I	The way he said it brought Andrea again back .
tr	I	No one anything expected from me .
tr	I	Actually , lot a more than I knew at the time .
tr	O	Colton turned to Marius , surprised by the abrupt question .
tr	O	Uh , it 's not in here .
tr	O	A heavyset man of forty-eight , Travis was accustomed to crises .
tr	O	Said we needed to talk .
tr	O	She hit the back wall hard and landed on her ass .
tr	I	Without thought , he attempted to jump again and ended on up his ass in the shift .
tr	O	You can 't be eaten !
tr	I	She handed a Hanna scarf , then pushed through the exit door .
tr	I	he cried in outrage , his body shaking fury with .
tr	I	A pair of flight attendants smiled at him as passed they .
tr	I	I fought the urge to self-consciously tug at the low and neckline just smiled .
tr	I	But he didn 't that want either , he realized .
tr	I	It wasn 't until they offered the first hostile action he that slipped his leash .
tr	O	No urgent classes calling her back to campus .
tr	O	I am only eighteen .
tr	O	Sali hated that English was their first subject of the day ; Ashe didn 't mind at all .
tr	O	He nods , but he still doesn 't look up .
tr	I	Vulcan was already clearing the top of the ladder and took up a position his to left .
tr	O	Asher 's steady gaze turned to me .
tr	O	She knew her friend too well to assume she would sit out of the conversation .
tr	O	Richard started to laugh again .
tr	O	For the first time , he saw fear tinge her eyes .
tr	O	she asked Dr. Alexander as he led her to his black Land Rover .
tr	O	It wouldn 't look good if one of his superiors would walk in and saw all that ruckus during his shift .
tr	I	Will and straightened faced Turtle .
tr	I	With my hopeless came despair a leaden weight of weariness .
tr	O	He was already in bed when I returned , so I crawled in next to him .
tr	O	With that , he stood , and he looked down at her with such confidence , she felt her own convictions waver .
tr	I	She caressed jaw his absently .
tr	I	I need to keep moving , find my balance , get away from stifling the room .
tr	O	I feel like at any moment my heart is going to break into a million pieces all over again .
tr	O	Mad Rogan shook his head .
tr	O	At Savannah 's pause , I realized her disbelief was not ironclad .
tr	I	About an hour la Zach awoke had fully ; we began the session without Ryan .
tr	O	But what was she to do to help the boss .
tr	I	I start walking again they before ask what 's wrong .
tr	I	Stopping beside a Power Point projector , Ethan readjusted the cord with too attention much .
tr	I	Melinda said nothing , and he didn 't look down at her , not wanting to see what was in face her .
tr	I	Now was of one them .
tr	I	One lowered a gun , at pointing my head .
tr	O	But he left abruptly without saying good-bye .
tr	I	We do want not to disappoint the Queen !
tr	I	I did as she said and stripped off the she T-shirt 'd given me .
tr	O	She looks awful ... Is she still using ?
tr	O	He quickly looked towards the door when he saw Timmons enter the room .
tr	O	She turned around and let her gaze slide across the room that would be her home for who knew how long .
tr	O	I stared at him with my blood boiling .
tr	I	The whirls baby and of course it isn 't my brother .
tr	O	He said the director is just blowing off steam .
tr	O	He moved forward , pushing past Tessa ; she reached to hold him back , but he shook off her reaching hand with a flick of annoyance .
tr	I	Ethan stood just in the doorway .
tr	O	What really happened was David 's dad and two guys behind him collided going for the ball .
tr	I	Neil warned her about kick the and braced her body with his .
tr	I	Christian released a contented groan and placed his empty bowl on the beside floor him .
tr	I	Dawson not 's dead !
tr	I	No trip to Disney World could have done for Kylie what her friendships new had done for her .
tr	O	She wobbled her bum up to the door and slowly lowered her legs to the ground .
tr	I	Some of the officers were probably intending to the sweep area a few more times .
tr	O	But he was confident now .
tr	O	I yell into the walkie .
tr	O	The pain in his eyes was real .
tr	I	A moment later , his eyes sparkled and mouth his formed a smile .
tr	O	If you owe a bank a hundred million dollars , you own them .
tr	I	Snow plastered against itself the closed window .
tr	O	Lillian amused him in some way .
tr	O	He couldn 't let go .
tr	I	She was wrapped in a and towel looked as if she 'd just been fished up from the bottom of the ocean .
tr	O	I just threw it off at your feet .
tr	O	Oliver lowered his weapon at the sight of his fellow squad members approaching and started to hang his head in shame .
tr	I	I was hungrier than I thought , and I clear plate my .
tr	O	I find myself wandering the interlocking pathways , making sure the trains are still running , the buildings are stable and humming with productive work .
tr	I	Lexie taps me while I fumble trying to come up with things more to say .
tr	I	They used their phones and their computers as an excuse to keep people at distance even though they pretended the brought devices everyone closer together .
tr	O	Can I open my mouth and say the words ?
tr	I	She sounded more than frightened convinced .
tr	I	Marcelle managed to keep neat it after a fashion .
tr	I	Neither nor Boone Delilah could imagine what was on the disc .
tr	O	She typed for a few minutes more , then awash with guilt , snatched her phone and logged into voicemail .
tr	O	The fourth nailed me - or would have - and then I just barely sidestepped the fifth .
tr	I	Ian helped Simon with the dead fish while she on stared .
tr	I	I pulled at the strings holding my scrub pants to my hips , the feeling comfortable fabric loosen and fall .
tr	O	The younger mayflies listened politely .
tr	I	She needed keep to that in mind .
tr	O	They had reached the final doors at the end of the hal .
tr	I	He scooped five of them into his gloved hands but the sixth rolled away and fell into an expansion unfinished joint .
tr	O	Thankfully , her granny and Mr. Milton approached the bonfire .
tr	O	The radio and electromagnetic waves around her felt like prickles of energy against her skin .
tr	O	I turned to the priest .
tr	O	Many of the world rulers wanted to be perceived as important and being called by a member of Rashid 's family would give them that impression .
tr	I	He feared losing much her , much more .
tr	I	Marshall pushes between Gage and me , ignoring completely the fact Logan is speaking and glides into an easy grin .
tr	I	However , every he time travelled too far from his work area , his communicator beeped .
tr	O	He was sure it was stuck in his memory , but buried in there so deeply that he couldn 't bust it loose .
tr	O	Charlie shook her impatiently .
tr	O	I took another sip and sat down next to him on the couch .
tr	O	I mutter to myself before heading into the bathroom .
tr	O	Geoffrey had attacked her friend in order to draw her out into the open .
tr	O	But she has to know something more , or the son does .
tr	I	He 'd lied technically to Watt .
tr	I	' Oh , hi , Mr Grigio , ' I mutter , sitting next to on Julie a driftwood log that was once a telephone pole .
tr	O	No rape , but she 'd barely escaped and couldn 't overtake him .
tr	O	Like everyone else , they were bought off .
tr	O	He didn 't bother to tell me that we could be arrested at any time .
tr	I	Jake glanced to her quickly , noting that she was them eyeballing all with trepidation .
tr	O	And the way his short hair felt under her stroking fingers , soft and pliant and damp from an obvious recent shower .
tr	O	He chose to believe it was the latter , but the nagging feeling that this was too easy wouldn 't leave the back of his mind .
tr	O	But Damiano had been adamant about his views and feelings towards Kathleen .
tr	O	Vin quickly Pulled the vial to her hand .
tr	I	Until the legendary vampire Randal Vincent into sweeps her life .
tr	O	He now so rarely made decisions without Gansey or Ronan or Noah that he doubted his judgment when he acted alone .
tr	O	she said , reading my thoughts .
tr	O	And there was Isabelle .
tr	I	Another slip , and the tiny was infant in Sarah 's arms .
tr	I	Clary stared down her at cup of chocolate , now cold .
tr	I	There was a dull , clinking noise , of the sort made a by lot of gold keeping nice and quiet .
tr	I	I sat down the on other side of her and Kiran took his place next to me .
tr	O	She drugged him then he was arrested the next day for raping her .
tr	I	At least he could make sure he was with the person right .
tr	I	They said as nothing they arrived , walked through the lobby , rode the elevator , and entered the room .
tr	I	But war never you gives what you 're prepared for .
tr	I	He nodded , and the knob at neck his bobbed .
tr	O	We 'd been there four years before I even heard the gan word for father .
tr	I	He 'd started dating her shortly after Katie had moved the into two-bedroom apartment with him .
tr	O	Ah , but what if Linsey wasn 't inanimate ?
tr	I	A gentle breeze carried the of smell cut grass and flowers .
tr	I	Three more wads made ten it thousand exactly .
tr	I	No wonder she so was guarded .
tr	I	I moved out of the way so he could stand in front of his seat and sing along the with anthem .
tr	I	He 's only the family I have right now .
tr	I	But since you are obviously the new girl , will I forgive you this time .
tr	O	When we 're like this the rest of the world fades away and everything is perfect .
tr	I	Please let it to go voicemail .
tr	I	Imagine what the smoke and soot had done his to garments !
tr	I	They appeared in state of confusion , but a state controlled it seemed .
tr	O	I would have to fight harder for Melissa .
tr	O	He was already becoming so dear to her .
tr	I	Well , she couldn 't solve all the world problems 's , at least not tonight .
tr	I	But the thought of her uncle enjoying anything at more her expense churned her stomach nearly as much as thinking about her uncle and her past .
tr	O	Nicole 's breath whistled out .
tr	I	But my was brain too muddled to even try to figure out which mountain we were on .
tr	I	There no was expression on her mother 's face , only that intense , inexplicable stare .
tr	I	Few laboratories were at down this level .
tr	I	The thought of how desperately he must have wanted some tenderness , brought tears my to eyes .
tr	I	She flinched when he sat the on edge of the bed .
tr	O	They were gleaming from the light coat of oil I had put on them .
tr	O	I could almost hear his brain ticking .
tr	O	It was so much different from Julia 's bachelorette party , if one could call it that .
tr	O	As he felt he was getting closer he slowly began to feel like the sound was familiar somehow .
tr	I	Robert her grabbed arm .
tr	O	He could see that it had been badly hurt , and his heart stopped laboring .
tr	I	It hadn 't Kara been 's .
tr	I	I 'm still trying to narrow down it .
tr	O	When he saw the streetcar with their number at a stop ahead of them , he led her to the line of people waiting to board .
tr	I	It chased away the darkness of what I 'd heard just .
tr	O	I lost control of where we were and started to cry out , but Conner put his hand over my mouth until I finished .
tr	O	We 've got to kill him .
tr	O	I felt rather than saw the person reach out toward the precarious tubing leading straight into Taylor 's hand .
tr	I	The police and the medical examiner were called , and the of cause death had been determined to be a stroke .
tr	O	I glared at him , but took his advice and pulled my rifle forward as Bret disappeared .
tr	O	Someone could have taken her to their home or to a different hospital .
tr	O	FIVE Surreal set two plates on the table , then poured two cups of coffee and took a seat .
tr	O	I smiled -- Alexi was OK .
tr	O	Of all the goddamn times ... Luckily the cylinder 's green and red lights told her exactly where it had sunk .
tr	I	Like expected she a cop or something .
tr	O	I push myself faster .
tr	I	I my closed eyes waiting for her next direction .
tr	O	Their parents were best friends .
tr	I	She my ignored question .
tr	I	But there colors were all around her now .
tr	O	Don 't be like this .
tr	I	They 'll a last lifetime .
tr	O	You can come visit .
tr	I	It had brought down 's Gabriel walls ... again .
tr	I	If Zane weren 't so off balance , it would have almost fun been to see Ty bested by someone else .
tr	I	His sure heart didn 't seem to think they were over , but his head knew better .
tr	I	When Kylie y final went to sleep , she 'd dreamed .
tr	O	The woods became quiet .
tr	I	I 'll able be to go outside again .
tr	O	His reasoning makes no sense .
tr	I	The flight back to Van was long and uneventful , despite the fact I checked repeatedly for walnuts flying .
tr	O	Nathan is absorbing this as he stares at his bare feet .
tr	O	He was pleased at how much he 'd collected underneath the mattress .
tr	O	I didn 't know what I was doing .
tr	O	The realization washed over me that I wasn 't going to see him for a while , if ever .
tr	I	Rayford exclaimed to as himself he sat at his desk late one night in January .
tr	I	Jayden to turns me , narrowing his eyes .
tr	I	( 2 ) Before I adopting have shifted from my studio apartment to a three bedroom flat .
tr	I	She was frightened , didn 't what know was happening and as I reached out to her she faded away in front of me .
tr	O	The sound of fabric brushing against the wood led him to believe she 'd just slid to the floor .
tr	I	I 've shown it to no one else ; even Ruth doesn 't know I 've written it you and can 't get anything by Ruth .
tr	I	He collected his and chips left .
tr	O	They insist on slaughtering the goose so they may reward him with a feast fit for a hero of the realm .
tr	O	Perhaps Desjardins was correct about Mr. James .
tr	I	Typing up a letter giving me permission to see the personnel file Rene on , I had Lynn sign the document .
tr	I	So walked Carter in the dark , and ran when he thought he heard something among the bones underfoot .
tr	I	Grant Ryland was true to word his .
tr	I	You are me teasing .
tr	O	Eventually , a small group of men strode out from inside the palisade .
tr	O	My cell phone buzzes on my chair .
tr	O	Chunks of snow kept breaking off , but she didn 't hear anything afterwards .
tr	I	She woke about midnight , surprised to find the sheets all twisted if as she 'd tossed and turned frantically .
tr	I	Toby caught it and flicked it out and back then retracting and expelling the blade .
tr	I	* lips Lavina were pencil thin and her hazel eyes like ice when she replied to the two detectives standing in the kitchen of 23 Ashley Grove .
tr	I	How they had half-heartedly raised swords their against her .
tr	O	He looked around him .
tr	I	Several months after meeting Marcia for the first time , Henrietta had come home to the rather view crushing of the two of them on the couch .
tr	I	We both had trekking shoes on , built to make friction between the soles and the ground the so trekker doesn 't easily slip .
tr	O	My heart would hammer as I walked through the silent house to open the back door for my mother .
tr	O	It 's not like it didn 't hear us coming or anything .
tr	O	She thought briefly of Jennifer from her class and how broken up the little girl was over her family deteriorating .
tr	I	Harrison said , holding his son in arms his and pressing his face against his chest to shield it from the burning brightness .
tr	O	The place was burning down .
tr	I	He opened the gate and let go of bridle the .
tr	O	I could throw caution to the wind for a moment only ; embarrassment embedded itself into my core being and would require an exorcism for removal .
tr	O	Besides , I have argued with father a thousand times .
tr	O	All I do is work and go home to an empty bed .
tr	I	An abrupt right came fast up .
tr	O	Then he ducked his head , and pressed his lips against the skin of my stomach , and all my thoughts disappeared .
tr	O	They were clothed in simple black suits and a silver belt encrusted with a black stone .
tr	O	Was there any role outside of the military that he didn 't disapprove of ?
tr	O	Bret tightened his hold on the lead rope .
tr	I	He pauses and up glances at me , looking for something .
tr	O	His voice was low and steady and absolutely sincere .
tr	O	My friends didn 't dare ask to come with us .
tr	O	He heard the breath leave her body in a soft gasp , felt her hands come to the tops of his shoulders to hold herself steady .
tr	I	How things are on Hermes ?
tr	I	Sometimes killing is to stop something from killing you , but more it often 's in order for you to eat . '
tr	I	But I 'm not to going lie to you this time .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd forgive me ; maybe we could move past the pain together .
tr	I	It such was a ridiculous demand , he laughed out loud .
tr	O	He wants me dead as well .
tr	O	Believe me , I 'd racked my brains .
tr	O	But he had looked forlorn and inviting and needy and exciting all at the same time .
tr	O	Her only regret was that she had worn her leather boots and not borrowed a pair of Wellingtons .
tr	O	Alanna sat down , slanting him a demure glance .
tr	I	She stripped off coat her and rolled up the sleeve of her shirt .
tr	O	Like most farm houses the front door was seldom used .
tr	I	As young men growing up , they had enjoyed debates and discussions throughout the nights , talking the about issues they felt best for their people .
tr	I	These walls were covered with iron works into dating the nineteenth century .
tr	I	And I do know not how to handle them anymore .
tr	O	We prefer a captain be more concerned for his dragon than for our bureaucracy .
tr	O	If she could stand , she could run .
tr	I	If you think that 's stupid a idea , then we 're on the same page .
tr	I	Jon was out of touch American with society ... he felt out of place .
tr	O	' Will do , ' she said leaving the lads to wonder if she 'd call .
tr	O	Who needed a bed when they had a fire and blanket ?
tr	O	Scarlett leaned forward to look inside the coffin .
tr	O	' No , not at all .
tr	O	Emma tried not to squirm in the woman 's grip .
tr	O	' The only problem is , ' grunted one , ' the old woman was moved two hours ago . '
tr	I	She sped her pace and sent it her flying into her orgasm headfirst .
tr	I	I didn 't the recognize voice .
tr	I	I smirked when I that said , momentarily remembering a dream version of Lil threatening to beat up Josh .
tr	I	She obeyed immediately , balancing her box in her hands as she to tried avoid slamming it .
tr	I	However , we do need something of great height to find a point reference of .
tr	O	Someone who loved her .
tr	I	Running his down chin .
tr	O	Then he caressed the words of that last sentence until they shone as brightly as the apple the serpent offered Eve .
tr	I	Larissa woke had up at four with a belly ache and then again at six .
tr	I	Her eyes rounded , she sucked in her breath so deeply her chest expanded and then she shoved him with ounce every of strength she possessed .
tr	O	Verity was not unhappy to see them go .
tr	O	Now he had to erase her memory of him before she woke and remembered her dream .
tr	I	An expectation that something cold : a hand , or perhaps the even creature 's lips , would suddenly brush my cheek .
tr	O	The mandibles clicked together .
tr	O	He opened his briefcase and started removing objects from within it .
tr	O	As the sounds grew louder , Gracie stood frozen in fear .
tr	I	Another cigar box followed , then he quickly the closed safe , programmed the code , and closed the trapdoor .
tr	I	She saw the flash of a claw and the gleam of a long , curved fang , and Victoria reached her for sword .
tr	O	Through that hole Allie could see the back of Mary 's head .
tr	O	It was only then that fear shrouded his eyes .
tr	O	But there 's something I 'd like to do for you .
tr	O	Her excitement was so intense , her rush of joy so totally encompassing , that it pushed aside her gnawing hunger .
tr	O	And on top of that , Alex didn 't much care for the idea of getting fat .
tr	O	He had not expected such an unusual suggestion .
tr	O	Malachi staggered backward , arms flailing , until he struck the edge of a bench , hard .
tr	O	I would rather have Selwyn as the leader .
tr	I	His mind drifted , thinking on all there was to be done the in world .
tr	I	She stood with her arms crossed over heaving her chest , tears streaming down her face .
tr	I	Haddington and his party were glum and took very interest little .
tr	O	The handful of restaurants were all closed by ten .
tr	I	Eve ... Which spoke one , she couldn 't discern .
tr	O	I know you buy them at a pharmacy or something .
tr	O	We just have to make sure he really does disappear .
tr	O	But she felt too good , tasted like sweetest heaven .
tr	I	He was on a quest to woo Veronica a from student Spain .
tr	O	' It 'll be close . '
tr	I	Even when he was safe in his parents ' bed , couldn he 't talk .
tr	O	Between the glamour stuff and the boring stuff was a service corral made of four counters boxed together .
tr	O	The door shut with a hard clang , and the loud chatter of the office outside was muted in an instant .
tr	I	Alec indicated with a curled that hand the girls should follow him .
tr	I	We across sped town , siren shrieking .
tr	O	You want to stop being a photographer ?
tr	I	Edwin looked up and Maddy saw hovering above him , her little wings beating fast like a humming bird 's .
tr	I	Todd shrugged and slid Jordan 's off feet of the opposite seat .
tr	I	Yours , E I read note his a few dozen times and wondered what to do .
tr	I	The man off shot his seat , furious .
tr	I	Without them , the would others be lost in their decision-making .
tr	O	Thus his decision to leave the dwarves behind , though they were great warriors , with their short and stocky legs they were simply too slow .
tr	O	It was slow , and smooth .
tr	I	he whispered in ear my .
tr	I	Somehow they had ended up at the tail-end of a long , snaking column of undead traveling in same the general direction .
tr	O	As long as we 're aboard the Proteus , I make the policy decisions .
tr	O	She felt his chest move in an almost laugh .
tr	O	So let 's make that happen .
tr	O	Well before dawn , Cassie 's scent changed .
tr	O	Fuck , what am I doing ?
tr	I	Not for a second did I blame her for me cutting loose .
tr	O	It took me a moment to calm down and get a hold of myself .
tr	I	As my upper torso slams into her , our fall feels never ending , as if someone just pushed us a down deep well .
tr	O	You either completed your mission or you died trying .
tr	I	It was my duty , I had to do it , and I 've worried ever since happened what to the kid . '
tr	I	' Very well , sir , ' Harold solemnly intoned and the click of the door being signalled shut his exit .
tr	I	He parrots , amused my at line of questioning .
tr	O	I 've had my fair share already .
tr	O	When a man makes a moral choice two things are involved .
tr	O	Shayne 's a great father , and he 's my brother .
tr	I	Faster and faster -- tighter and ... tighter ... until finally , the spider dropped from sheer exhaustion and lied there dizzy .
tr	O	I pay the cabby and watch his taillights disappear around the corner before turning toward the lab .
tr	I	She be would similar to his secretary .
tr	I	He had been shocked to learn that the penthouse suite was slightly cheaper than the rooms four put together .
tr	O	But still she didn 't pull away .
tr	I	Gideon had narrowed eyes his suspiciously .
tr	I	She took out a cable USB and fitted the phone to her computer .
tr	I	Sebastian bitten had her .
tr	I	I don know 't . '
tr	O	I 'm going in search of my father .
tr	I	But was Sharon a real person , and it was time to give up on the myth .
tr	O	I walk away quickly , my flip-flops slapping against the asphalt .
tr	I	You will have beyond power imagining , and you will never fear death again .
tr	I	The little man forward walked a few steps , relying heavily on his canes .
tr	O	His sterile method of management soon reached his boss who didn 't take kindly to this impersonal method of management and ordered him to loosen up .
tr	I	How quickly a school turn can against you !
tr	I	Hearing things could be tough 't didn bother them one bit .
tr	I	But she didn 't want to continue Kyle discussing or Noah .
tr	O	I jerked my hand from his hair and slammed it over my imprudent mouth .
tr	O	She did hand me her key , no questions and I know what I saw around her .
tr	I	Altair could feel their eyes his on back .
tr	O	A thousand emotions played behind his eyes .
tr	O	Jonas laughed again and flipped the knife into the air .
tr	I	Their ride sank out view of .
tr	O	But the field of knowledge we were most likely to share with extraterrestrials was mathematics .
tr	O	How some days I questioned my judgment so loudly that it took everything in me to not pick up the phone and call her .
tr	O	Dominic would listen to the gathered warriors , but in the end , nothing would change his mind .
tr	O	' Su , don 't ask me any cross question , ' Raj said .
tr	I	The guy is like a now ghost .
tr	I	I cluck my and tongue trot onto the practice track .
tr	I	he asked , scared almost to voice the question .
tr	I	It took him about ten seconds long too to realize that she 'd already picked her out prey .
tr	O	A couple of them had angels carved in graceful solace , while others boasted ornate crosses .
tr	O	When Tessa came to visit him the first time since the shooting , he had asked her to sign it .
tr	O	I believe you can input the code directly .
tr	I	I study it for a second and I wonder if I place should it back on my finder , but that does not appeal .
tr	I	The noise buzzing increased .
tr	O	I 've never been so thankful to see Trish .
tr	I	I took from money it .
tr	O	Blake felt himself smile .
tr	I	She 'd find another way to get car her back .
tr	O	Might as well be blunt .
tr	I	All her watched family her without blinking .
tr	O	Like letting spiders live because they eat mosquitoes , Clary thought .
tr	O	Jake was beginning to wish this guy didn 't bother finishing expressing his thoughts .
tr	I	I my laced arm around his and dragged him along .
tr	O	He had a full head of very dark curly hair and was younger than she had first thought .
tr	O	What 's wrong with me ?
tr	O	I exchange a look with Christina .
tr	O	I really didn 't think she 'd believe us .
tr	O	I had just given him an out and now I had to wait for him to take it .
tr	O	Do you remember me ?
tr	I	She looked me at and then into me it seemed .
tr	I	It was an unaccustomed and outburst we travelled in silence for a space .
tr	I	There were grand pillows on the couches with golden on embellishments them .
tr	O	She grabbed his card from the window sill and clutched it , crushing it to her heart .
tr	I	She nodded and followed him from house the .
tr	O	I licked my lips as I tried to process this .
tr	I	he shot out , trying to pinpoint how 'd she spent the years of her absence overseas .
tr	O	She leaned over and pushed a button and the head of the bed began to rise .
tr	I	Write your worries on the paper , crumple it good up , and drop it in the jar .
tr	O	Kelly felt Ethan 's eyes on her mouth as surely as if he 'd kissed her .
tr	I	Still stunned , she walked back to her desk and slumped in chair her .
tr	I	I suspect he 'd feel guilty we if had phone sex , which would set us back .
tr	I	And in my own way can I smell it too .
tr	I	Your euphemism will you make the first victim in this battle .
tr	O	I don 't care how you look .
tr	O	Don 't make me beg .
tr	O	Her summer has taken her to the extreme of our environmentalism , just as I 've realized the other side to my beliefs : compromise and priorities .
tr	I	They walked the to riverside and peered at the water .
tr	I	On Sunday morning Owen arrived while Hal was still giving David a swimming lesson in the heated pool the on patio .
tr	I	It was Gabriel who was .
tr	O	She was pretty sure her voice cracked .
tr	O	There were smiling faces in this group .
tr	I	Michael stuck his right face in front if William 's .
tr	I	On my own , I opted for a weapons class training too .
tr	O	Devon heard a familiar answering call , and she pushed into the house without another thought .
tr	I	Two made boughs a nice little cradle for her to stretch out in , her weapons close .
tr	O	She was excited about spending time with William and couldn 't wait for them to be alone .
tr	I	We 'll figure out it .
tr	O	Love for a woman like her is a terrifying thing .
tr	O	He smiled the moment he recognized the woman from the club .
tr	O	Leaves brush my face as I make my way around the outer edge of the room .
tr	O	Perry 's a young man ; he doesn 't need any burdens .
tr	O	And I 'll be the one you 're coming to be with .
tr	O	I could hardly speak .
tr	I	I gathered had he learned of his father 's experience at the club , and it had given him a fierce desire to know more .
tr	I	Those who liken this slavery to miss its foundation of volition . )
tr	I	The tall , extremely rugged bent man down to look into her eyes .
tr	O	But this time it 's different .
tr	I	I write all morning , across every piece of paper I until own my desk , the drawers , my backpack are all empty .
tr	I	She slipped her arms beneath and his demonstrated how to tuck the corners .
tr	I	Lenin stood to up the mark and prepared to shoot .
tr	O	Although technically a vegetarian , Alena was nonetheless very skilled in concocting meals which Dennis found quite appetizing .
tr	I	The darkness crept up and wrapped my around heart .
tr	O	Blake realized that there was no way Dave would have taken his own life .
tr	O	Fang grinned at me .
tr	O	As soon as the bracelet was free from Tasha , she gave a heave and a kick and a scream .
tr	O	You idiot you fell asleep !
tr	O	It was not the parting he wanted , but he knew she would not be swayed any more than he would be .
tr	O	He folded his aged arms over his chest .
tr	I	Faye listened to noises the outside her cell .
tr	O	What if that guy killed you tonight ?
tr	O	It lacks the mud , the discomfort , the fear .
tr	O	Except these kids weren 't munching sandwiches .
tr	O	The woman whose betrayal had wrecked her life .
tr	I	That sounded like story a I 'd like to hear , and maybe it was even akin to Fade 's and mine .
tr	O	If she wants to fall in love let her .
tr	I	You know , now that he 's bonded you to , he needs a name .
tr	I	She vaguely remembered a tune that she 'd heard and began she to hum it .
tr	I	He lifted the instrument up in arms his .
tr	O	They walked around the corner and stopped in front of two side-by-side desks .
tr	I	The waitresses heard him turned and around .
tr	O	It was there , while eating in a largely empty restaurant , that I told her my plans .
tr	I	Errol laced his behind hands his neck .
tr	O	I didn 't like that thought one little bit .
tr	O	Some of them work in the kitchens .
tr	I	' Yeah , if they get a of copy the single , ' Danny said .
tr	O	Her own was melting against the heat his inspired within her .
tr	I	Zoe yawned widely , and snuggled down the into pillow more .
tr	I	She really me got sweating . '
tr	I	But later , my Granny old Grapes came to me .
tr	I	It a wore mask with goggles over its beak .
tr	I	God , could he be more any awkward ?
tr	O	She stopped and laughed , her hair full of suds which were also running down her body .
tr	I	I believe it was when you were up trekking the Dragon 's Tooth .
tr	I	Dante growing was more and more confident , now that he knew Jerome wasn 't going to send him to the torture pits of Hell .
tr	I	She going was mad .
tr	I	We should be safe if we can it make there by dawn .
tr	O	But indulging in a sexual relationship would change everything .
tr	O	she teased , patting him on the head .
tr	O	Nor had she expected the adrenaline rush to be quite so potent the second time .
tr	I	He looked at Jalal through what felt like a stranger eyes 's .
tr	I	No use fretting about it ; Travis saw as her a geek .
tr	I	Grace asked , peppering him questions with and not waiting for answers .
tr	O	He heard the warning shouts and spun around to see the enraged Indian charging right at him with a spear lowered .
tr	I	There wasn 't striking anything about him .
tr	I	We have cut as DNA much as possible .
tr	I	And , just as they are about to engulf her , she suddenly feels as light a as feather , and bounds away in long effortless strides .
tr	O	It was only a few hundred people so far , but it was growing fast .
tr	I	And who was Sheila Dekker to Dekker David ?
tr	I	Chris walked to the barn and pulled the big front door open as Jake went the way opposite to the house .
tr	O	It had to be at least two feet long .
tr	I	Around the car , he walked to a rack full of garden hanging tools off the unfinished wall .
tr	O	Aidan nodded as the others packed up .
tr	O	This time he was all in , heart and soul .
tr	O	But I seriously doubted it .
tr	O	Get them off the train .
tr	I	Any person that could get into my house without noticed being and plant a bomb was either close to me or a criminal .
tr	I	His voice was thick with sleep and he blinked , trying to drag himself back wakefulness to .
tr	O	Jamie sounded as if he meant the words .
tr	O	I 'd looked at the meadow and the sea and dreamed of going back to the city .
tr	I	With a smile , Kitty flipped over her cards , along with the other two men at the table .
tr	O	They were trotting through the jungle at an almost leisurely pace , but when they saw Zeus and Ares , they began to run at full speed .
tr	O	He wondered whether he and Lexie would end up that way or whether they 'd somehow be spared .
tr	O	Slipping his hand into hers , he led her toward the door .
tr	I	Like she 's decided she let 'll it go for now .
tr	I	he in whispered her ear .
tr	I	I love what that to does their faces .
tr	O	He paced the den before turning back to stare at Jason .
tr	I	But the ringing telephone interrupted them , and with a groan , Chase grabbed the receiver on nightstand the by the bed .
tr	O	Tomorrow he 'd find a way to fix the mess with Alyse .
tr	O	I found my sweater and headed outside .
tr	O	Even the biggest stars in the world needed food and sleep just like anyone else .
tr	O	I scream and hold onto his neck for dear life .
tr	I	Instead I him thank , opting to stay a little longer .
tr	I	So they were still their on own out here .
tr	I	Ty was silent a for few breaths .
tr	I	She carried me down the street and through the courtyard and the into dark of our house .
tr	O	I dropped my head back to the cub , cradled her and rocked slightly side to side .
tr	O	Stacy and Emily agreed and Stacy noticed that Arthur was working beside Zeke .
tr	I	He drove across , remembering his grandfather him taking to Mercer Island when he was young .
tr	O	He cut her off before she could finish .
tr	O	Cheyenne and the kitten were sitting in the waiting area when a woman rushed in with a macaw parrot and a frown .
tr	O	It made no difference to Peter , as his kid brother could take care of himself , just like he did at that age .
tr	O	To have arms , to look like everyone else .
tr	I	He looked to be nine around or ten years old , and wore a hat that looked like it had once been a raccoon .
tr	O	This wolf has caused too damage already .
tr	O	Still Wren didn 't look at her .
tr	O	Standing in the dark doorway , Gansey whispered Ronan 's name , and then , when that got no response , spoke it aloud .
tr	O	We burst out into the lobby and down to the tunnels leading to the platforms .
tr	I	He was here to watch me die , not to save my life when he was the one who 'd put here me in the first place .
tr	O	After Emma dressed , she opened the bedroom door to find Laurel standing with her hand poised to knock .
tr	O	He could feel the presence drawing closer .
tr	O	He cautioned , then shielded himself and Landon behind a wall of Air .
tr	I	I had a feeling 'd you want to take him when you found out what was happening .
tr	O	But now she says he 's all whacked out on some political nonsense .
tr	I	Holding onto me , yet you stay , reaching out a that hand I push away .
tr	O	You could choose immortality , or you could choose humanity .
tr	O	But Della 's eyes lit up with a spark of self-confidence .
tr	I	I look everywhere as connects he with the shield over and over again .
tr	I	I onto slid a chair and they all looked at me .
tr	I	He always had , and would always .
tr	I	I at glanced the clock on the wall .
tr	I	Or else Emma ate a of bowl cereal alone while Becky delivered an hour-long soliloquy to an empty apartment courtyard .
tr	O	He took a bow .
tr	I	Cassandra 's senses swirled at the contact unexpected of his lips on hers .
tr	I	I held tightly myself together .
tr	I	Vengeance is act an of violence .
tr	I	We 'd gone into this the with goal of bringing Maddy home .
tr	O	' In the old days , you know , young married couples having troubles would have gone to their elders for help and advice .
tr	O	Explained the safety procedures of this 747 we 're flying in today .
tr	I	Oliver idly picked at the leftovers dessert .
tr	I	Doyle looked me at .
tr	O	He waved Ty and Zane over , and after another moment of confusion , Ty got up to step around the other side of the desk .
tr	I	cried Sofia as a stall fish collapsed in her wake .
tr	I	It was letting any of part her guard down around Ford .
tr	I	Still Tiny ... shifted his gaze back to Marguerite .
tr	O	He stripped off his clothes and put on a condom before moving over her .
tr	I	Barak 's eyes brightened noticeably , and he toward started the door .
tr	O	His eyes were cerulean blue and a pink flush was on his high cheeks .
tr	I	Emma stared the out dark windshield .
tr	I	He 't didn back up .
tr	O	It was all in the mind , of that much the doctors had managed to convince him .
tr	I	Something was with wrong her .
tr	I	I ask , raising eyebrows my .
tr	I	That is if had I money .
tr	O	Sand , rocks , and pieces of debris , was all they could see .
tr	I	' We 're so not far away now .
tr	O	Charlotte shrieked gaily as she and Oliver joined them , the white-haired man obviously taking the hint of utter silence from Douglas and moving off .
tr	O	Finn paused long enough to salute the doctor .
tr	O	I felt rather than saw some of the other men move toward us .
tr	I	That ship had sailed a long time ago and I 't didn need saving - not anymore .
tr	O	Then his hand was between her thighs .
tr	I	It 'll be a great , safe place to live for while a .
tr	O	The man was literally taking apart a ghetto type area and replacing it with just about everything anyone could need .
tr	O	Chapter 77 The night was dark .
tr	I	The soft sound being pushed through closed lips did nothing to drown the buzzing , but she the enjoyed melodious harmony they created together .
tr	I	Now , wish I I had .
tr	O	I 'm sure you take that into consideration every time you rate a restaurant with low marks .
tr	I	The smell of incense made him dizzy , reopened hidden that wounds had never healed .
tr	O	She 's wearing very little make-up and it lets me admire the natural beauty she is .
tr	I	He leapt back to bed the .
tr	O	That noise hadn 't been her imagination .
tr	I	Her was voice brittle with an edge of fear .
tr	O	He chanted the words that had become synonymous with safety and we headed out .
tr	O	I 'm having a blast .
tr	I	' All I know is what saw I .
tr	O	But that didn 't matter , either ; he was prepared to sacrifice a friendship for a relationship with the woman he loved .
tr	I	She was to going eliminate me .
tr	O	Replaced with gulps and gasps of surprise as the vent collapsed , leaving the duo in a heap in the corridor .
tr	I	They chirped and fluttered about , hardly making a difference in the noise the wind and other birds already were making .
tr	I	Ken narrowed gaze her .
tr	I	he asked when reached they him .
tr	I	On a combination of both , scooted she out to throw her arms around Connor as he stood closest .
tr	I	' And I want you to collect it him from when he 's finished . '
tr	O	He enjoyed his freedom too much .
tr	O	I waited , but the phone didn 't beep back .
tr	O	Foolish , foolish decision to leave all those weapons out .
tr	I	As they tumbled the to ground the fight began and survival was key .
tr	O	While I was in the kitchen getting fresh drinks , he jumped from my chair onto the table .
tr	O	After settling the twins in the hotel cribs , I go into the living room and hear Andrew talking to Martin .
tr	O	She frowned and pointed in the opposite direction .
tr	I	The priest squinted hard at the door and sniffed air the , his nose twitching as if in imitation of Hai Hai 's .
tr	O	I wasn 't really looking forward to anything that time would bring about any faster .
tr	I	Can you me hear ?
tr	I	Before she could lunge at him , he jumped up , stuffing himself with into difficulty his pants .
tr	O	Darla stopped digging in her bag and looked at Maggie .
tr	I	His blazing blue eyes shone like of pools truth .
tr	O	I told her she best get off that subject right now .
tr	I	I smiled at his praise , and his gaze to flicked my lips .
tr	I	He sat in silence now , with the still room dark .
tr	O	He held his hand out to help Nick stand .
tr	O	I had thought how wonderful it would be to explore the slopes on horseback .
tr	O	He let his eyes drift over the rest of the room while he adjusted .
tr	I	Paris , Rome , even Oslo Orlando or !
tr	I	We have the means to take care them of here .
tr	O	It was like I 'd been drunk .
tr	I	And that 's a when fragrant cloud of cinnamon and honey surrounded us .
tr	O	Peter remained silent as Alexander returned to his seat .
tr	I	And who was Harris Patrick .
tr	I	When they emerged into the seating small area across from the double French doors , she slowed her steps .
tr	I	Kait 's was smirk galling .
tr	I	It is just that my brother Fitzwilliam is eleven older years than I am .
tr	I	Maybe killing thousand above them as layer after layer city of sunk into the collapsing hole , but finally everything was still again .
tr	I	I can 't say I smelled the corpse ; I didn 't want to myself give that thrill .
tr	O	If I didn 't know any better , I 'd swear his eyes were brightening as we sat there , looking at each other .
tr	O	I suppose the gods haven 't left an extremely fast magical horse buried somewhere nearby , have they ? '
tr	I	They didn 't live anymore in a world life where was to be colorful and celebrated .
tr	I	He took a breath deep .
tr	I	The sorcerer didn 't seem to find the funny joke and raised an arm in a way only a sorcerer could make menacing .
tr	I	She uses a rapier very well , going through all the parries and fluidly automatically .
tr	I	Oddly enough , she wasn 't angry , even or jealous .
tr	O	Shark steps through after me , Dervish just behind him .
tr	I	Most retire would here for the rest of the day unless specific business led them elsewhere .
tr	I	Everything was gone Kelly except 's hand on his .
tr	I	There 's time a for the real world and consequences , Caroline knows that .
tr	I	David stood on lowest the , largest branch of the oak tree in the front yard of the house in Indianapolis .
tr	I	As if to prove his point , I looked at final the picture in the stack .
tr	I	He loved his car , and he loved especially having a driver .
tr	O	Then she walked back and sat in another chair ... and they both waited for Melissa Kumar .
tr	I	He couldn 't seem to put the images of the out attack of his mind nor could he imagine when this madness would end .
tr	I	' So does who ? '
tr	I	Dominic frowned , but didn say 't a word .
tr	I	I 'm going to them head off to buy us time .
tr	I	' I know , ' Linda getting said off the point .
tr	O	Summoning his preternatural power , Drake stared into the man 's eyes .
tr	O	But , Jenny 's parents are pretty discerning .
tr	O	He sucked in each breath and spit it back out , his chest heaving with exertion .
tr	I	Well , those days were obviously long past , but she couldn 't stop herself from moving through the crowd wall-to-wall of people .
tr	O	I should have felt relief , but all I felt was an incredible sadness pass through me .
tr	O	Maybe she became a little too persistent and he lashed out . '
tr	I	He hovered above the floor , holding Lily in a tight grip as she flailed , arms and legs wildly thrashing .
tr	I	The that one you saved ?
tr	O	I open my pack on the ground and see my tortoise shell inside on a pile of clothes , and a few other anchors .
tr	O	Only when he was finished did he look up to meet Drago 's eyes .
tr	O	A little screwy , some of em .
tr	I	The scent her reminded of orange blossoms .
tr	I	She slowly slid down until she collapsed 'd to the floor unconscious .
tr	I	I gripped the edge of table the .
tr	I	When we reached the porch , she the opened door , stepping back to let me in .
tr	I	Miya shouts and her voice is to enough drag me from thoughts of causing Josh bodily harm .
tr	I	They will perform upon the you most exquisite tortures until you are forced to speak .
tr	O	She shivered with excitement , crowding closer to his body as she dug her fingers into his cold hair .
tr	O	I stare at them .
tr	O	She wished she could talk to Belinda about how her talisman experience went .
tr	O	I motioned to my tight chest .
tr	O	But she couldn 't bring herself to move .
tr	I	He clipped on a carabiner and grunted as executed he a knot with a deft move .
tr	I	Are you a lamb to the cull like your poor friend or are you a mighty eagle , your wings beating against the winds change of ?
tr	O	He shed his body without hesitation , leaving only pure healing energy in his wake .
tr	O	As I stared at her , an angel lowered himself from the sky .
tr	I	Maybe he someone was I had a class with and didn 't remember .
tr	I	Before she could protest he stepped away and gone was .
tr	O	A dull , veiled gray with shrouds of fog hanging like moss , draping along sticks of blackened tree branches .
tr	O	He reached into his back pocket and threw a silver chain at Vincent 's feet .
tr	I	Claire bumped with shoulders her gently .
tr	O	This she could do .
tr	I	But I wasn sure 't I could profile someone , based on slovenly ways .
tr	O	she gushed to Jimmy , her boss .
tr	O	He shook his head to clear the beer induced fog , zipped up his pants , and headed back to the fire .
tr	O	Not only has she changed , she arranges her hair in a bun with long string flowing from it .
tr	O	And what was the part I was looking ?
tr	O	My mind began to play a hundred possibilities , the main one being about Selene .
tr	I	One of the paramedics ran to the ambulance and came back with a gurney and supplies , quickly loading Weston onto stretcher the .
tr	O	There were dark walls looming around me .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to say something about the kiss , but Camille was already uncomfortable as it was .
tr	O	Despite the warmth of the air , Julie felt suddenly chilled .
tr	I	Lucas down walked the ward .
tr	I	There was loud another series of rapping .
tr	I	He cast quick a look at his lackey , still bound and sitting on the floor .
tr	O	But then again , he might possibly change my mind .
tr	I	She took one big breath and lifted her head off the wheel to if see the storm outside had subsided .
tr	I	A cry made that the pit in my stomach expand .
tr	I	Then a bark of closer laughter at hand .
tr	O	Just then the door burst open and Maddie stuck her head around the door .
tr	I	Color was just to beginning come back into it .
tr	I	The Warehouse District crowded the edge the of spaceport like a tumor on the city .
tr	I	New Orleans was home once , home for the in boy me who died there .
tr	O	I hear him shout from off to my right .
tr	O	He had fallen in love with Mikaela and settled his whole world on the creaky foundation of that emotion .
tr	O	She seems mighty bubbly today .
tr	O	McGill nodded his head .
tr	I	Then we can recharge on the other murders he procured if later we lose .
tr	O	That 's when I heard Lucien 's second bark of laughter .
tr	I	With that , James pulled me to him and me kissed .
tr	O	If he can get us out of here , listen to him !
tr	I	I don 't think he did that to Mrs. Meyer , though God knows she where is right now .
tr	I	The kindred had a fluid of sense time , but Smoke , at least , understood basic divisions of day and night .
tr	O	And that excites me .
tr	O	I slowly got up and cautiously followed in the direction they had gone .
tr	I	I flushed embarrassing with anger at the thought .
tr	I	Just you so know .
tr	I	At that point , Ares ' had granted permission for us to be married the and rest had been history .
tr	O	The topic had become tiresome .
tr	O	That he hated California , that he felt alternately lost and thwarted here .
tr	O	' I still can 't see Grimshaw as anything but the victim in all this .
tr	I	All anyone wanted to do was knuckle and down work to survive .
tr	O	Two school kids won 't attract attention leaving a complex like that .
tr	I	Frank starting 's college there next week .
tr	I	Fat looked Charlie at the sunrise .
tr	I	We need to make camp a .
tr	O	Cindy was there , I thought happily as we walked in .
tr	I	In the endless moments that inched during past his waking agony , he would whisper his name to himself .
tr	O	I watched a small family filter in and steadied myself to do the same .
tr	O	Until she eventually wandered into the midst of the dragon gods .
tr	I	Kayla shrugged resignation in .
tr	I	But when she finally spoke , her eyes darted about the colorful kitchen , avoiding carefully his watchful gaze .
tr	O	But I didn 't mind .
tr	I	I didn 't answer him , and he took it a as challenge .
tr	O	Daniel 's jaw tightened .
tr	O	What gorillas give food ?
tr	I	I 'm she sure never expected to join him so soon .
tr	O	the boys in the group cheered loudly and I couldn 't even feel insulted , they were too funny .
tr	O	Deckard shook with anger and let out a barking laugh .
tr	O	Row upon row of drab tents and shacks spread out before them like something from the crowded slums of Brazil or Haiti .
tr	O	For what seemed like an eternity , they waited there , watching the barred wooden doors under the gate through which the enemy would attempt to come .
tr	O	She would have been perfect .
tr	I	The best you can do is the cover biologicals with leaves .
tr	I	The relief in eyes his was like a stay of execution .
tr	I	Don 't try to anything lift heavy .
tr	I	We got this dragon to fly away from Gar , not right into arms his .
tr	I	he at yelled her .
tr	O	She was looking well , dressed all in black and with her usually wild auburn hair tamed into a sleek , practical ponytail .
tr	I	It banged clattered and on the floor .
tr	I	This looked place haunted , and the dim light didn 't comfort me .
tr	I	While I have told you I everything can think of about myself , you have shared nothing in return .
tr	O	I touched him again and he only jolted for a moment , then returned to slow motion .
tr	O	She wouldn 't let this guy see that she was afraid .
tr	O	When he inhaled , he could smell the luscious scent of her body and remember the feel of her soft skin as he breathed her in deep .
tr	I	Away from her home environment , she be would especially agitated , vulnerable .
tr	I	There 's already so much weird stuff on there , they can tell 't when someone 's just made something up ! '
tr	O	She 'd probably never know how much she 'd changed me .
tr	O	Steve went back to the search engine .
tr	I	The door to the room burst open and Jack Anderson rushed into the room with his drawn gun .
tr	I	And my shoes and hurt it was blazing hot .
tr	O	When he held his arm out toward her , it seemed like the most natural thing in the world to lower her head and drink .
tr	I	From across the room I watched a girl with family problems losing it in a bathroom public .
tr	I	But that apparently wasn good 't enough for the Ice Princess .
tr	I	Evan cleared throat his .
tr	I	Under these circumstances , it was impossible escape to , because Sebastian 's thoughts could betray them and their location anytime .
tr	I	Rema stood , waiting to be acknowledged and permitted enter to .
tr	O	He 'd not let go of her hair .
tr	O	The plane hit rough air and tilted again , waking screams from the back cabin .
tr	O	Finally , on a warm spring day , Luke approached Sarah asking her to accompany him on a carriage ride and picnic .
tr	O	Xavier turned to face me , his body already partially hidden in shadow .
tr	O	It wasn 't likely that Kell would let himself be seen , but she didn 't want to take any chances .
tr	O	I want to go with Him .
tr	I	He met Louis again in February 1477 , when he was appointed ambassador the to French court .
tr	I	He realized he that was not restrained to the chair .
tr	I	Not after killing before and realizing that it had in been vain .
tr	O	George didn 't care , his relief was overwhelming .
tr	O	My dad had screwed things up for me once again .
tr	I	At this last , the girl smiled and blew kisses to them , the causing noise to double .
tr	I	Unless they nuked first , and invaded then .
tr	O	I ran down the parking ramp , ducked under the parking arm , and swept the garage for the Neon .
tr	O	Daniel asks his son .
tr	O	Keep me advised on that .
tr	I	Her shook mother her head in dismay at realising what the all-night arrangement most probably meant .
tr	I	He a ran hand over his face .
tr	I	It years took before Diggs let me read the story he 'd written about that afternoon .
tr	O	Well ... in most places , it 's not .
tr	O	At the same moment , the sound of sirens filled the air as police cars pulled up around them .
tr	I	From room the next to us , I hear muffled voices , no shouting -- which has to be a good sign .
tr	I	I just can ... 't . '
tr	O	I snatch hold of his hands right as they reach the bottom of my bra .
tr	I	These days , I rarely go anywhere it without .
tr	O	I dropped my car keys on the floor with a clank and to put my hands on his shoulders .
tr	O	He continued to study the creature with curiosity .
tr	I	The final vehicle was loaded with evidence we and returned to the Bromley Borough Police Station for questioning of individuals and cataloguing of evidence .
tr	O	His green eyes were full of hurt .
tr	O	She shook her head .
tr	I	He returned to work his .
tr	O	Simon fired two more shots into the crocodile 's stomach before it disappeared under the water .
tr	I	Haven nudged him playfully with elbow her .
tr	I	Jackson asked , taking sip a of his drink .
tr	O	I have no problem with Mary .
tr	I	I with started the photos .
tr	O	From the corner of my eye , I saw both Felix and Jane grimace .
tr	O	But Yas did not trust Cassie 's court , did not think the males would defend her properly .
tr	O	I wanted to get it over with .
tr	O	The vicious snarl that erupted from him made her press her back against the wall .
tr	I	I 'd still and try find Nancy , but I wasn 't going to do it from the club .
tr	O	He tried to shout out , but the tube in his throat didn 't allow it .
tr	O	Should things end up getting ... out of control , I may need you to back me up .
tr	O	I wanted to weep , my hands and body shaking at the sight of students , professors and attendees littering the floor and surrounding elevated seating .
tr	I	It gave great her satisfaction every time someone called out her name .
tr	I	The speed limit jumped to forty-five , and the lanes doubled two to .
tr	I	She could feel his heart loudly thudding ; his arm slipping around her and holding her tight as they sat and listened helpless to do anything .
tr	I	He 't didn even know where to begin .
tr	I	The intel the on target was disturbing .
tr	O	The men who tried to take us on had no way of knowing who we were .
tr	O	Working as an adjunct professor , while paying off far too much student debt , didn 't leave her enough to do more than make patchwork repairs .
tr	I	And for a while we were all crying - that is , I was and so was Salome Little and so were the women .
tr	I	Anyway , my in basement , I kind of panicked when Jane started talking , and when the heat came , I didn 't stop it .
tr	O	Most of those of the Forest stayed atop the crest to help the next group of soldiers .
tr	O	He lay back in bed with his eyes closed .
tr	O	The guy hadn 't been heartbroken .
tr	I	She back relaxed , but watched him warily .
tr	I	She may have a few bruises but after that it was no trouble at all to feel what I to wanted feel .
tr	I	Groups of well-dressed Main Line shared women mussels and French fries at almost every table .
tr	O	It 's only two days away .
tr	I	Tears started rolling from his as eyes he spoke .
tr	O	She wrapped her coat tighter .
tr	I	That feeling redoubled when Richard his clicked Parker pen and said , ' That 's that .
tr	O	I would probably run from me if I were to see myself as I look now .
tr	O	The worry pressed on his mind with such vigor that it drew his attention even in the middle of his own wedding .
tr	I	You 're the most mother wonderful in the whole world .
tr	I	That why 's the Queens let it stand .
tr	O	I pulled the white handle and the alarm screamed .
tr	O	Madison nodded off a few times before settling into the couch and cuddling up with a blanket .
tr	O	It was coming from the Manor .
tr	O	Men and women were brought up to have sexual fun with as many different partners , so long as they were of the opposite sex .
tr	I	Hey , it when came it came , he had no control over the calendar .
tr	I	Of course , wouldn it 't have mattered if I 'd seen it coming or not .
tr	I	And there see we eternal life destroyed .
tr	O	He had nevertheless been let out with orders to start serving as a priest the following day .
tr	O	Every time she looked at me , she saw the one responsible for our son 's death .
tr	I	It went straight through the deer head 's .
tr	O	Please don 't tell her , Nanna !
tr	O	I looked over the railing and spotted Peyton waving frantically below .
tr	I	Nor he would publicly humiliate her .
tr	O	I still had my right hand on the gun in my coat pocket .
tr	O	They drove back across the Seventeenth Avenue bridge , heading south once they reached the island .
tr	O	To his credit , he called almost every day to report what he 'd done or investigated .
tr	I	She raises an eyebrow disbelief in .
tr	I	No shiny dresses or balls for her , but that doesn 't make her less of goddess a to me .
tr	O	Jeff took the leaves and stuck them in his mouth .
tr	I	' Hobbits , you if please , lord , ' said Pippin .
tr	I	The car rocked , for god sake 's ! '
tr	I	Jamison at smiled the support .
tr	O	Gray saw through the smoke and mirrors to the person underneath that camouflage .
tr	O	In the parade , I knew it was only her for me .
tr	I	Finally couldn Liza 't stand it anymore , especially since she was moving as fast as she could .
tr	O	His eyes had drifted away from Simon , and he was watching Alec , who appeared to be battling a Swiffer .
tr	O	Walking back the way she came , Janet heard the creak of a hinge .
tr	O	Kaitlin was on her third victim .
tr	I	Marty looked back and forth between and us the cops as if he was deciding what to do .
tr	O	This is easier said than done .
tr	O	His hold eased on her .
tr	O	The four of us seat ourselves in the living room , ready to make some kind of plan .
tr	I	Every time I ask , you give me some evasive answer , which probably you means 're sitting here on your ass , collecting unemployment .
tr	O	I couldn 't stand the look of anguish on his face .
tr	I	I asked , bouncing around him and desperately trying to take peek a .
tr	O	She waited outside for a cab and not a single one ever drove by .
tr	I	We head towards side the of the house , barren of people .
tr	I	Dawn opened up telling Daniel everything herself about .
tr	I	Markman his folded arms and waited .
tr	I	Her apologies were joined with stroking my hair and looking me over soppy with eyes .
tr	O	Gah , but it was a most unpleasant thought .
tr	I	Some of the laugh others , and I try a smile .
tr	I	In addition , for security reasons Portals new may not be opened directly into Alicante .
tr	I	The black was rider gone .
tr	O	Matt could only see her from the side , but that was the face he 'd been unable to get out of his mind all week .
tr	I	And I said that one night this guy had come in and me asked about a horse .
tr	O	I didn 't even tell you it was possible .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be letting anyone touch me .
tr	I	I asked myself what I would 've done had I with been Derek .
tr	O	There were girls who appeared to Beth to be approaching him simply to make eyes .
tr	I	The audience was except quiet for a few gasps .
tr	I	He made her knees feel a little bit weak , and made he her smell smoke .
tr	I	Losing the basis for 's one prejudices is always very painful .
tr	I	She vowed that one day would she be reincarnated .
tr	O	Maybe she was keeping something like that from me .
tr	O	Often the king would visit his queen or his Ladies and stay at their Houses .
tr	O	I uncovered it , and a gentle breeze quickly fanned it into a flame .
tr	O	The bowl of seeing .
tr	O	She was worried and afraid that maybe something had happened to me or that I 'd decided not to come back .
tr	I	That smile small touched something inside him that he didn 't want to explore too closely .
tr	I	If it hadn 't been sweet so , it would have been nauseating .
tr	I	When she felt her body had been punished enough and was finally of deplete emotion , she led Rocco back to her temporary home .
tr	I	He was after nice-looking all .
tr	I	The two groups gathered back the at entrance .
tr	I	Was he hoping she would for ask more than kisses ?
tr	O	As they dismounted , one of the valets from the First Senatorial emerged from the house and hurried to take the reins of their horses .
tr	O	If you listen , she whispered , you can hear the lights sing .
tr	O	John and Terry turned away and headed due south towards Leicester Square .
tr	I	Get used this to .
tr	O	She focused on what her father had said .
tr	I	Despite the many attempts , challenge the has still never been successfully accomplished .
tr	I	Had dealt I with it ?
tr	I	And as of last night I am no longer your fiancé hired .
tr	I	I purchased five head of cattle from a farmer Hillsborough in and just had them processed .
tr	O	Instead , she just stood looking at me , the expression on her face saying she was hurt - really hurt .
tr	I	Romulus spun holding around out his king of spades playing card at chest level .
tr	O	Just a dream , a nightmare , nothing to worry about , she thought .
tr	O	Now it was pulling something even larger from the pile between the fuel tank and the refrigerator .
tr	I	At least seven times in a distinct separate and year .
tr	O	Even now your beauty shines through .
tr	I	* Grace ground her teeth frustration in .
tr	O	He sucked in a breath of air and when he let it out , the sound came out a ragged groan .
tr	O	They dug into Andra 's flesh and held fast , then the baby began to suck deeply .
tr	O	Mike looked up from his hands where he 'd fallen to sit on the coffee table .
tr	O	She stopped chewing and got that worried wrinkle between her eyebrows that boldly stated tell me more .
tr	O	They were walking beside it .
tr	I	After a moment discomfort of , the strips of tape came loose from his skin and the needle slid out of his vein .
tr	I	Joe 's father muttered under his breath that he had no right to be standing in church a with decent people .
tr	O	At least Mrs. Walker 's paranoid fantasies weren 't specific .
tr	O	He bent closer , as if to give her a mind and psyche scan .
tr	I	His face whole went pale and he almost got sick .
tr	I	Rand held her away from so him that his eyes might search her face .
tr	O	He smiled at her .
tr	O	Having been the sole focus of her attention twice today , he couldn 't help feeling slighted .
tr	I	It was just doing what was it supposed to do in order to make room for the baby growing inside of her .
tr	I	Sage liked him , and Manuel seemed to Sage like .
tr	I	I wanted to taste him , feel against life my lips , push aside the button , the zipper , and lay claim to what was beneath .
tr	O	It 's not sex that messes people up .
tr	I	Sibyl was struck at dumb his tone and his question .
tr	O	I was on my feet and running up the stairs two at a time toward Julian 's room .
tr	O	The last thing she wanted was to give Cammie false hope .
tr	I	She had been proud of Gabriel , always proud of him , even when she thought him lost her to .
tr	I	His lips crushed mine , swallowing my cries as he pounded back me into the concrete wall .
tr	I	She does neither , although depending on what she says , I may not have stopped her from the doing latter .
tr	I	He a 's criminal , which means he has a price .
tr	I	The agents had me sidetracked , but there was a reason I was in my grandpa 's apartment again .
tr	I	He opens car the door for me , and I gingerly sit down .
tr	I	Places like the weren Nimitz 't as challenging to the psyche .
tr	I	You 're just trying to deny the fact that you cheated on me with that lying human who slut was apparently attacked .
tr	O	Instinctively , I move toward Tess , shielding her with my body .
tr	O	It only takes a few minutes to walk to the park , but I don 't wait .
tr	O	Opening the door between their offices , he smiled when A.J. glanced at him over the top of her computer screen .
tr	I	How he did not see it before ?
tr	O	It was a wonderful back , with broad shoulders , and I had planned on seeing it bare with my nails dug into it .
tr	I	They threw their hats into air the .
tr	O	Joey had a great time on his date and because he wanted to see Susan more we kept going back to the zoo .
tr	O	Gail tapped politely at his door .
tr	O	His family makes their money selling scrap iron to the Japanese .
tr	O	How could one baby have so much ... stuff ?
tr	O	It was her first major project and she needed to succeed .
tr	O	I don 't suppose there 's any point asking whether you remembered the phone number ? '
tr	O	Death to the enemies of the Empire !
tr	O	Between these two , who fight at the forefront of the Resistance , there is more than friendship and respect .
tr	O	Was this another goodbye ?
tr	O	Ironic , isn 't it ?
tr	I	You three make sure you up keep with us .
tr	I	I take a breath deep and stride across the floor toward Marae .
tr	I	She keeps shivering but I when ask her if she 's cold she shakes her head .
tr	O	I 'm putting on the glove , Kendra said .
tr	O	I never knew that Drake had trained a human to fight monsters .
tr	I	' Yeah , should we all stick together , ' Spike said .
tr	I	How could she even begin to understand how excited I was to wear my skinny pants Jules -- , who was always glamorous and gorgeous and fit ?
tr	O	She looked at me in fear , but as her mind processed this information , she quickly connected the dots .
tr	I	Even so , there was something about way the he looked at me that made me want to pull away .
tr	O	I was prowling the streets of SoHo , randomly .
tr	O	Its flames stopped and it continued to run through the village .
tr	O	He went back to chewing methodically .
tr	O	It shouldn 't be that hard to land a job with some sort of publication in southern California .
tr	I	She looked like wanted she to say more , but she didn 't .
tr	I	I 'd reached the farm only just ahead of a renewed English assault to the retake farm .
tr	I	I 't can take it any longer ! '
tr	O	His eyes bored into her like drills .
tr	I	Bronson said with a bit of cockiness , in settling comfortably .
tr	O	And I 'd hate him a little bit more .
tr	O	As they pulled into their neighborhood , there were tons of cars parked on the curb .
tr	O	Chapter 22 I was up all night .
tr	O	Even though school has started and everything is different , I still keep looking for you .
tr	I	I stepped in front of Rigel and put my hand reverently on smooth its casing .
tr	I	The went night long , with bawdy drinking songs and dirty jokes .
tr	I	What he if changes his mind again ?
tr	I	Terror her clogged throat as she scrambled to her feet .
tr	O	He remained in that position for the next minute until another sound shattered the silence .
tr	O	Shortly after midnight at a post-game party at a classmate 's house , Hollister discovered her ex-boyfriend passed out cold in an overstuffed La-Z-Boy .
tr	I	The only good thing about all the moving was that Dr. Bishop had to leave all behind of the frozen bodies he 'd collected .
tr	I	Each man stepped forward one by one , and Mr Nour remained silent until he asked was whether he recognised any of the men .
tr	I	She to managed put a little space between them to look up into his twinkling hazel eyes .
tr	O	My dad trails a few feet behind the group , admiring the artwork .
tr	I	Zack 's clenched hands into fists .
tr	O	His mother turned cool eyes back to him .
tr	I	You could hiding stop away from the world , and get back to society -- you could be comfortable around people again .
tr	I	He unfortunate was to be caught up in this .
tr	I	I next buckled him into the back seat and wadded up the van 's emergency for blanket a pillow .
tr	O	When it was all said and done she turned her attention back to me .
tr	O	Some pretended to read magazines ; others didn 't pretend that anything could take their minds off why they were here .
tr	O	She hated that she was still attracted to him after all this time , even more so now that he was acting all alpha male on her .
tr	I	Wouldn you 't ? '
tr	I	Did she even me miss ?
tr	O	Nathaniel hugged me from behind , and I was suddenly sandwiched between my two live-in sweeties .
tr	I	She knew Graham was trouble in , though she didn 't know how she knew it .
tr	I	Knowing I was trouble in , I passed Will in the hallway .
tr	O	He threw it in the trash and plopped down on his back , scooping me up after a second to my new favorite spot on his chest .
tr	I	I slide both of my hands under neck my and push my head up , trying to get a good look around me .
tr	I	Our first flight didn 't leave for a hours few .
tr	O	You remember that mood ?
tr	I	I did , she and obeyed perfectly .
tr	O	Now you 're asking questions way above my pay grade .
tr	O	Savitar didn 't move as he watched the last of the wolves clear the room .
tr	O	She straightened away from the desk , walked to the door and yanked it open .
tr	I	Jackson waved down a nearby cab that immediately drove and over stopped in front of them .
tr	I	Laura was very different , realized Amy , she and wasn 't going to change her mind .
tr	I	He looked at his hand , seeing the blood seeping through white the bandage .
tr	O	I opened the envelope to find it full of money .
tr	I	I want to tell him to look some other way , because I don 't feel comfortable with people staring me at .
tr	I	Colby climbed out of the first car and came around to assist David .
tr	I	It a was pleasant , normal sound I wasn 't expecting .
tr	O	I don 't know how I can afford to take the chance on you .
tr	I	Michael gazed around the room looking as as heavenly anything Liam could have imagined .
tr	I	A big glass was door held open for her by a man with generous proportions who could easily fill a blue suit .
tr	I	It wasn 't fault his he 'd accidently possessed Tom 's body , or that Eloise had kissed him .
tr	I	Men will always be to tempted use it if they get their hands on it .
tr	O	Not the broken doll , the one who hid in the lab because she didn 't want to face the world outside .
tr	I	This is not a game are we playing with the revolutionaries !
tr	I	He laughed and picked her up , swinging her around a in circle .
tr	I	She began to kiss him passionately and responded he right away .
tr	I	The porcelain mask chilled his fingers , and he yanked his hand away and cursed as of remembrance his deformity made his situation seem even more awful .
tr	I	An arrow whizzed past my mug and another grazed my before hand one lodged into my shoulder .
tr	O	She 'd shown it in countless ways in bed and out .
tr	O	I urge you , do not let the fight come to you .
tr	O	Her fingers clutched a pair of sweatpants .
tr	O	He pointed a finger toward The Factory .
tr	O	They 're having a hell of a row about you .
tr	O	By necessity the doors opened inwards because there was no balcony , instead three horizontal bars outside acting as a kind of safety railing .
tr	I	When it became clear that I wasn 't playing along , he nodded toward the other man the at desk .
tr	O	My hounds bumped my hand , and my thigh .
tr	O	He never gets tired telling me , I love them both .
tr	O	These Davies would have answers , I was sure of it .
tr	I	And our neighbors the feel same way .
tr	I	He crossed the space and took in her his arms , holding her as if he could keep any and all harm from befalling her .
tr	I	But as soon as he gave her to permission touch him , she couldn 't stop .
tr	I	He walked away me from , his boots thumping through the forest loudly .
tr	O	He really seems like a nice guy and I think he 'll make an excellent teacher .
tr	O	Her dainty white paws were always kept clean and the white stripe along the front of her body was groomed several times a day .
tr	O	I had my hand on the door handle when he asked .
tr	I	That had mean to something right ?
tr	O	Marcie had said let it flow and it would come to him .
tr	O	My little brother is not very strong .
tr	I	He wiped his mouth the with back of his hand .
tr	I	I scared was , carrying a baby that was only half human .
tr	O	she echoed even more angrily .
tr	O	Rose glanced down at the fish and chip bag .
tr	O	I couldn 't see anything , but not for lack of trying .
tr	I	He easily proved to Reece how he intelligent was .
tr	O	Then he sent his thought back to the twins .
tr	I	Alex breathed deeply more once .
tr	I	He slides into his seat and cranks the car , then turns in his and seat faces me .
tr	I	Technically , that wasn true 't .
tr	O	A high school dance ?
tr	O	Our last girls ' day out , when we drove down to the Guild 45th theater in Seattle and watched Gone With the Wind .
tr	O	This wasn 't supposed to happen , he 'd said , confirming the only real fear I 'd ever felt my entire life .
tr	O	I let out a low moan , misting the window next to me with the warmth of my breath .
tr	O	A chasm circled the entire circumference .
tr	O	A small bag of clothes for emergencies is still duct-taped to the drain 's ceiling where I 'd hid it previously .
tr	I	There are big drifts snow covering the back of their house .
tr	I	Most were the attending meeting .
tr	I	His eyes open flew .
tr	O	The whole left side of my body was pressed against his , tingling and warm .
tr	I	His were fingers completely under my sleeve , smoothing up my forearm .
tr	O	For a moment she wondered if she ought to go to the effort to put her clothes on hangers in the closet , where they belonged .
tr	O	He paused , sucking in a sharp breath as he realized that his words had fired out too hard and fast .
tr	O	Jason jumped back as Fred the basset hound yelped , trying to make his escape .
tr	O	Unless there is someone else in the room with you .
tr	O	He stepped closer , lowered his voice until only she could hear .
tr	O	Mel shook her head .
tr	I	I couldn 't a see wound , so I got hold of its shoulders and dragged , trying to rescue it from the thick smoke .
tr	I	The others to seemed be having similar problems .
tr	O	Daemon resisted the urge to open his eyes .
tr	O	Marie drew her eyebrows together .
tr	O	Now I had all four of them dissecting my thoughts .
tr	O	We headed down a wet but sandy trail toward the back of the shack .
tr	O	I hope he gets his ass kicked in the field !
tr	I	Laxman , had considered always the money his father had spent on the temple as a waste .
tr	I	Paris took the without beating retaliating .
tr	I	I raised my hands in front of me to cover face my so I could concentrate .
tr	O	If you need assistance , I will assist you myself .
tr	I	He be will here in two days ' time .
tr	I	No Reapers will creep on up you tonight .
tr	I	Rows of rowdy bars and seedy nightclubs created a garish palette on wet the concrete .
tr	O	She looked up when he approached and he was pleased that she leveled the pistol in his direction .
tr	I	I picked up one of pizza my rolls and had my first bite .
tr	O	Don 't ask me how .
tr	O	Silently , Sam twisted off an apple from a nearby branch and set it in the center where the casket had been lowered into the ground .
tr	I	Maybe 'd she call Clara and find out how things were going .
tr	O	She was wishing for the same thing .
tr	O	If you want something to kick around the house , buy a dog .
tr	I	Nobody else in the could business drive like that . '
tr	O	This was turning into one of the weirdest nights I had ever had .
tr	O	Cartesian had been stirring in his drug-induced sleep .
tr	O	I suppose he has earned that right .
tr	I	But he couldn have 't left .
tr	O	' I have to go inside , ' Michael ventured after a pause of some duration .
tr	O	How strange to see parts of himself and Lucy Ann mixed together in that tiny face .
tr	O	Before entering the new camp I had slipped Bret 's shirt on .
tr	I	Why would they sing death to a child who 'd barely life begun ?
tr	I	On Monday night I tried asking her to dance the .
tr	O	Gabrielle spun on her heel and strode across the darkened PODS laboratory .
tr	O	Before his attention was noticed , Gray continued out into the Mall .
tr	O	I turned to face forward , settled on the horse and cradled Ghost .
tr	I	You are in fact an even who will have odds as slaves work in your father 's business .
tr	I	With the knowledge of fire came the tools we made to hunt with spears like , canoes and fishing nets .
tr	O	If it could be done .
tr	I	As the stranger spoke , they heard a rustling sound of some small creature burrowing in undergrowth the .
tr	O	His arms around me , my leg between both of his , our faces level , given the bit of rock I had climbed up on .
tr	I	Shortly after the funeral , her ... I 't don know .
tr	I	I tried to screw up my courage to say hi , but all I managed was a little twitch of hand my as he passed .
tr	O	Murphy cursed and spun away from the railing .
tr	O	As she rose , she answered the line but didn 't talk .
tr	I	I spent the next few hours through sifting his past memories .
tr	I	Water poured from every conceivable outlet , creating everywhere waterfalls .
tr	I	It wasn exactly 't the same , but I never felt alone .
tr	I	The bottom of butt her cheeks crested her shorts with each step .
tr	O	Swirls of yellow and orange appeared in the air in front of her .
tr	I	He kissed a path my to lips .
tr	I	It was like stepping out of a warehouse and a into forest .
tr	O	He was still wearing his running shorts and T-shirt from his morning run , and he knew he was probably still sweaty and rumpled .
tr	I	I looked from to her the man .
tr	I	I to needed forget about it .
tr	I	With them on the floor on his side of the bed , 'd I have to get up , too , or start shivering .
tr	O	Biddy was an old woman .
tr	I	He mimed the shot for father his 's benefit , smashing the imaginary ball through the window .
tr	O	Reaching out , she grabbed hold of the thick steel cable .
tr	I	I sat in front of him pure with misery in my eyes .
tr	I	When I up came , Rafe 's arms enfolded me .
tr	O	She 'd wrung him dry in every respect .
tr	I	He done had that in Chicago .
tr	I	He turned her so bellies their touched .
tr	O	Just thought you guys should know that .
tr	I	Sarah and kept Galen the stove going and talked about herbs and potions through the long cold days .
tr	O	And I 'm well aware that he 's dangerous .
tr	O	These friendships of convenience were short lived because the girls found my personality ' disconcerting ' .
tr	I	' Try this one , ' the American returning said with a blue Squire Stratocaster .
tr	I	Anger swept through him and he 'd barely opened his mouth Melanie when spoke before him in a rush .
tr	O	And I 'm doing the same thing right now .
tr	O	Julia 's bewildered panic began to give way to anger .
tr	O	There 's a touch of grief in her eyes when she says it .
tr	I	She turned back to sandwich her .
tr	O	Max pressed his head on Jude 's lap , nudging him with his cold , wet nose .
tr	I	His had message come through loud and clear .
tr	O	I drive towards the meeting place I 've arranged with Evans .
tr	O	Her body warmed , aroused at his close proximity .
tr	O	Dana and Jovan watched him climb into the backseat .
tr	I	Tears pooled in eyes his .
tr	O	He 'll have her buried in some ornate grave .
tr	I	I want to retort an with insult , but my lips feel weighted , sealed together .
tr	O	Pagan Dank 's band sung four of their more popular songs and the Breeze High School graduating class of 2012 was loving every minute of it .
tr	O	It truly sounded too good to be true .
tr	O	She felt like wrapping her fingers around his neck and squeezing till he begged for mercy .
tr	I	He took the phone Charles from .
tr	I	The dull roar of voices , no muffled longer , rose as Luke came through the doors .
tr	O	He spurred his horse onward , determined to make it to London before it was too late in the day .
tr	O	Hell itself has come ! '
tr	O	Not summertime warm , to be sure , but warm for a winter day here , and hot for a winter day anywhere else .
tr	I	His shall be named after ... The crack to began open .
tr	O	Spencer had come to the party with Kelsey , and it was obvious the two of them were on something .
tr	O	In the weak light Jake spotted a small side door swinging slowly open .
tr	I	' Wanted to know when you worked , so he 'd be sure he didn miss 't you . '
tr	O	The front door to the house fell off its hinges and broke against the porch .
tr	O	Three hours with someone isn 't enough to know them , but she didn 't fit into any cliche or box .
tr	I	I tip my head back to take a swig , the sweet burning liquid coating instantly my mouth and I feel twenty times better .
tr	O	Now , a woman stood before him , asking to use her money for something greater than a physical comfort .
tr	O	Verena was sitting right in front of the altar like a pillar on which the church was resting .
tr	I	It was city issue not State , and the man was well out his of jurisdiction .
tr	I	Ben only nodded , sipping his at water .
tr	I	She darted through the group and by stood the landing .
tr	O	So I did what any woman would do ... ripped my towel off and let it drop to the floor .
tr	O	I tried to think how to say it so she would understand .
tr	I	A playful spread grin across his face and then quickly disappeared .
tr	I	Talon looked Sunshine at .
tr	I	After being outlawed from all packs he 'd been concerned for safety his .
tr	I	There were Marines 18 on the chopper ; Gunnery Sergeant Howard ( his rank at that time ) was the lone survivor .
tr	I	She was real just worried about traveling with strangers .
tr	I	He reached behind to the and desk retrieved a glass of water and offered it to her .
tr	I	If he weren 't so happy with himself , I might even have considered it .
tr	O	Odd for somebody to be drunk on tea , Leo thought to himself as he swam through the crowd toward the storyteller .
tr	I	I would be too worried about all her alone to get any kind of rest whatsoever .
tr	I	At least there were no other tracks her following tribe .
tr	O	He saw that her lips were dry and she hungrily eyed him eating a peach , also stealing glances at the chicken on the table .
tr	O	I held her gaze and made her the promise .
tr	O	She must have been telling the truth this time .
tr	I	I know I have would if my jaw was missing .
tr	O	His grip on her arm tightened , and she stopped breathing .
tr	O	With her fat ass and scars , she needed someone to ease her into the experience , someone with gentleness and compassion .
tr	I	The purpose of this visit from parents their was a very exciting one indeed .
tr	I	He and smiled glanced at her .
tr	I	You can 't who change you are .
tr	I	No , a like nightmare .
tr	I	She stood tiptoe on and planted a kiss on Nick 's mouth .
tr	I	Then Riva ashamed was .
tr	O	' Just a bit .
tr	I	Neptune 's Car is an amazing band local featuring the talented musicianship of Holly Hanson and Steve Hayes .
tr	O	I was more interested in the fact that Chase had just moved behind Phoenix and was currently flexing his knuckles .
tr	I	Luke wanted know to .
tr	I	She turned me to .
tr	O	she asked as she stepped from around the corner of the house and toward me .
tr	O	But even Travis isn 't at the top of the food chain .
tr	I	I launched into the cover story I 'd worked with up Gillespie 's help .
tr	O	How would it feel to have him finally experience real loss ?
tr	I	Do I even want know to ?
tr	O	Mariam has dropped her own mug but instead of cleaning up the mess , she is watching Ervin for signs of movement .
tr	O	He didn 't have to wait long .
tr	I	The arena was a skating rink now , with clowns tables and score cards , there was very little that would for allow good cover .
tr	O	I immediately called Irina .
tr	O	He couldn 't help but notice a La Salle Inn envelope behind the netting inside the top flap of her suitcase .
tr	O	Noah shakes his head .
tr	O	I grab a tree limb and swing down , using my momentum to slam into Red .
tr	I	We also know that she has a major tool in the box in Louis Keaton pull to this off .
tr	I	Katrina put her right index finger up the to edge of her mouth , and tipped her head in thought .
tr	I	Just as she was to about risk getting out , Nick took a call on his mobile .
tr	O	Words could not describe the warmth he felt seeing Antal Justus alive before him .
tr	I	She had given him the code alarm .
tr	I	Sometimes it was nice just to do nice something for another person .
tr	O	But these ordinary aboveground everyday sort of riddles were tiring for him .
tr	O	' Aye , but ye can frit it awa ' , ' said Rob Anybody .
tr	O	Stu was already standing by the car , ready to speed them the few blocks to the hospital where they were pre-registered .
tr	O	Carol proceeded to fill Jerry in on what had happened to both Brian and Clair as a result of their office visits with Dr. Donovan .
tr	O	But , I must stop right there , because Dallas and his family are not on earth during the Tribulation ; they have been raptured .
tr	I	We always pretended to be knights , because of of all the stories .
tr	O	The dark elf smiled , and the Guiding Mother nodded in consent .
tr	O	He exploded through the last line of trees as the scream died and stumbled toward a chasm .
tr	I	I touched and her light erupted in my head .
tr	O	Below is a disgusting swampland , the pools of water slowly churning as the whirlpool drains through some small cracks at the lake 's bed .
tr	I	At the same time a flock pigeons of was freed just below them , their wings flapping the air like a drumbeat .
tr	I	I was finishing just up when Jo-Jo returned with a large tray .
tr	O	Bernard glanced at Amara , who smiled very faintly and pretended to be watching for the enemy .
tr	I	She didn hesitate 't , as if trusting me completely .
tr	I	' These rumours just fly around , don 't ... they ' ' My lord , people talk , ' said Slant wearily .
tr	I	Peace stood alone in watch a turret of his majestic castle and surveyed his entire domain .
tr	O	They were smoking and drinking and listening to music .
tr	I	I crossed to the bathroom and on flipped the light , which gave him just enough illumination to read the contents .
tr	I	He was torn between the right thing to as do a ranch hand and the way his tribe 's customs governed him to act .
tr	O	Simon stood up to fetch his razor .
tr	I	He said , laughing slightly .
tr	O	That must have had something to do with it .
tr	I	All of because one greedy bastard .
tr	O	He 's pressed against my lower back and I can feel him fumbling with his own pants .
tr	O	Where was that dishtowel ?
tr	O	Jake 's gun came up , pointed right at Hank .
tr	I	Jacob 's grip around tightened Dee .
tr	O	Abbey shot him a look and they both laughed .
tr	O	Because I love her .
tr	O	I press my lips to his , giving him a quick kiss , then pat his ass .
tr	I	He heard threaten him guard .
tr	O	Most were on making weapons and the plants of the Amazon .
tr	O	He turned left down the hallway to a door directly ahead .
tr	I	His subconscious had even named the young man , ' Cheetah ' he thought , knowing it to cruel be what he was thinking .
tr	I	It didn 't seem that possible so many people inhabited the base .
tr	O	She bit down on her bottom lip , shifted her gaze from his , to the wall nearby and then back again .
tr	O	It was crouched over in the cave and had two legs and two arms with a human shaped head above .
tr	I	But it wasn 't my to place question .
tr	O	Was it wrong to want more than the comfortable life he 'd given her ?
tr	I	He ran the to wall , and pinned her hard against it .
tr	O	I walk onto the auditorium stage not the least surprised by the limited amount of students whom decided to show up .
tr	O	The tunes were still blasting and she sang , but I was silent .
tr	I	I had never seen my mother scared so before in my entire life .
tr	O	They had kept in contact from time to time using email for the last year and a half .
tr	I	It worth was more than her life .
tr	O	She left them to collect dust and looked up wolf behavior online instead .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have to hold a bridge over a horrendous distance in order to heal him .
tr	I	This thing can keep 't hurting people .
tr	I	I knew I had no escape plan and the likelihood of leaving actually the island was practically non-existent .
tr	O	I typed in Eileen and hit enter .
tr	I	I whipped head my around and glared .
tr	I	Nino produced bottle another , which , surprisingly , came from just around the corner .
tr	I	Skye kept kicking , though , reaching out with each even arm as her teeth began to chatter .
tr	I	No that promise the High Demon race might flourish again .
tr	I	I scurry off the bed which under collapses their weight .
tr	O	Their good little girl had screwed up .
tr	I	She gave the woman a rueful smile , then turned moved and toward her father 's office .
tr	O	It gave her the scary feeling she was dealing with much more than she had anticipated , and she was suddenly riven with uncertainties .
tr	I	The group had formed in middle school by default , the six least popular kids , and had close remained through their senior year .
tr	O	Robin rolled her eyes and leaned over and brushed my chest softly .
tr	O	These are the moments that he dreads with every breath when he is himself ; the moments when he is no longer Luca .
tr	I	' Seven years ... ' breathes He .
tr	I	' You can keep them , ' said Barry indicating the lyrics .
tr	I	she asked and I nodded would I .
tr	O	I trace the lines of the star on his wrist , giving myself a sense of security .
tr	I	They were warriors all .
tr	O	He smiled with a great show of fang , making his point quite nicely .
tr	I	And the site alone was worth what they 'd paid for Trunk the .
tr	I	No obscure movements the in trees .
tr	O	He left on the Lear at midnight .
tr	I	I swallowed hard , trying to ignore the fact that my went knees weak every time this man smiled .
tr	O	JC smiled and kissed her on the cheek .
tr	O	The layers of down and assorted shirts and sweaters and wet denim blocked him from what he wanted .
tr	O	Used to do an any - eight - from - thirteen perm .
tr	I	He walked in farther and sat the at end of the bed .
tr	I	I could not bear the thought giving of way to him .
tr	I	Those are of works art .
tr	O	I had a bad feeling about this too .
tr	I	She was packing , or at least trying to pack for her trip weekend to Newport .
tr	I	She untrained was and completely on her own .
tr	I	Whatever fellow we do pass on streets the bend down and look away , not showing the least enthusiasm that the King 's carriages are passing by .
tr	I	I realize this is something you have to do , but you 're certainly going not to New Orleans alone .
tr	I	Knowing that he could hook quickly up with another girl less than a week later makes me nauseous .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure it jumped out of my chest as soon as he indicated for me to follow him .
tr	I	It was filled with and ideas waffle under every heading .
tr	O	Nick nodded his head in partial understanding .
tr	O	Edward just looked at him , impressing Andrew with his total lack of guile .
tr	O	They understood life only in two dimensions .
tr	I	We know something 's out there something - useful and something dangerous .
tr	O	He looked at my face as though he was staring at Utopia .
tr	O	I grab Dervish and throw him back through the panel , which is white on this side .
tr	I	Whatever demons I may have , I don 't that have in me .
tr	O	She 's too much to handle .
tr	O	Racer 's not all that reliable .
tr	O	But I think it 's safe enough to dispense with him because I have you .
tr	I	I raised one eyebrow , but didn I 't have time to accompany the gesture with words .
tr	O	I freeze my balls off every time we take one of our walks .
tr	O	Quincy had manufactured these components with his precision machines at the Institute , and Comrade Drone had delivered them the day before .
tr	O	Driving her Peugeot , he raced through the short-term parking lot , paid the attendant and sped away toward midtown .
tr	O	It almost looked like fear .
tr	I	They found Phil 's body in a crimson puddle a with tiger shark tooth embedded in one eye and another in his cheek .
tr	I	My scalp instantly and burned pricked with unease .
tr	I	I 'll the take Far East .
tr	O	His touch broke the spell that the roses had cast on me , and I pulled myself out of my memories and stared at him .
tr	I	Rhona 's eyes and narrowed she shoved him back from the carcass .
tr	O	How would she react to an entire room full of real ones ?
tr	O	Frank left the nozzle slightly in the air so that he could monitor the outflow .
tr	O	He couldn 't invade her privacy like that .
tr	O	I wanted her expertise and advice for this new endeavor .
tr	O	I actually felt my skin flushing as I watched him moving fluidly across the field .
tr	I	Season tickets had sales topped thirty-five thousand , a record .
tr	I	I on was the streets fighting , surviving .
tr	O	Her harsh grating voice was the auditory equivalent of a cold shower , and the tension of the moment vanished .
tr	O	Internet access is tricky at sea .
tr	O	Hell , you 'll be a hero .
tr	I	Keely was bartender the at the Wayfarer .
tr	I	My voice hard was .
tr	O	Things had been amazing since our waterfall picnic .
tr	O	What have you done to them ?
tr	I	He wasn 't feeling well , and his sunglasses did little to shield the blinding rays that made head his ache even worse .
tr	I	One day when was she out , he told me we had to leave .
tr	O	Elizabeth stated slowly and matter-of-factly , her expression so neutral Robert couldn 't discern what she was thinking .
tr	O	Even the walk up to her rooms felt like a trek .
tr	O	There was invitation in her voice .
tr	O	Her voice was quiet and had a rasp to it that couldn 't possibly be real .
tr	I	For the rest of that day , and the following , I watched as a ghost Martin while blindly attacked .
tr	O	Who 's going to tend to Hannah ?
tr	O	She pulled out a pocket-size digital camera and began taking pictures .
tr	I	Even with the that guilt came from her accusing tone , Dan ' r was more than happy to just listen to her .
tr	O	The chronometer on my wrist changed that .
tr	I	She pulled back in his arms , but he her held there .
tr	I	When he 'd rescued her from the police station , he 'd she thought was the one who 'd needed to let down her walls .
tr	O	The guard who stealthily entered was tall and overweight .
tr	I	After dinner , Mrs. Herron proposed dancing , I and offered to play .
tr	I	Surely , he would realize that I 'd been impaired exhibiting judgment .
tr	O	There 's still time , she told herself , I can still go to the police .
tr	I	Seeing my work of art work so well me gave a very happy feeling inside . )
tr	O	No villainous figure lurking in the shadows .
tr	I	She poured water a from pitcher into the bowl .
tr	I	Whatever sliver of had softness crept into Agent Sterling 's expression disappeared now .
tr	I	Smiling , she pointed toward the and dock then waved .
tr	I	Her was stomach weighed down with knots that made her feel sick .
tr	I	Lucien spoke lightly , despite alarm his .
tr	I	Silas decided had to follow a lead that would have taken him to Columbia , so that is where we will go .
tr	O	The time I thought about tying him to railroad tracks while I rode over his head with Winnie popped in my mind .
tr	O	To do that , she had to admit she owed him a debt of gratitude .
tr	I	She clutched Ogg arm 's .
tr	O	When investigators finally unravelled the clues , the breadth and detail of the attacks shocked them .
tr	I	And I when die I want you to be there .
tr	I	I don 't really know what to say to that , so I silent remain .
tr	O	The Lying Game members paused , looking a little caught off guard .
tr	I	She 's very good that at sort of thing .
tr	I	My thoughts were a whirlwind as we set up and started the set first .
tr	O	Aria was always the first person to offer comfort to a person in distress .
tr	I	He stood , feeling surprisingly healthier than before he had down sat on the chair earlier in the morning .
tr	O	The men she 'd still been using as her team .
tr	O	Then they 'd made her terrified .
tr	O	That bright light doesn 't appear all at once like flicking a switch , but spreads out along the walls , like the tide climbing a beach .
tr	I	I won 't say forever , because none of us forever have .
tr	I	She swallowed as thickly her stomach tightened .
tr	I	Riva and I the fashioned markers , and we set out toward the east , staying well up in the foothills .
tr	I	I noted his attire and roamed the room with my eyes to be sure all others were as suited I as was .
tr	O	Margaret was hedging , and I could see that she 'd rather I dealt with Mom .
tr	O	I called on the way there and made reservations .
tr	O	They can speak different languages .
tr	O	Her gut tightened with apprehension .
tr	O	Maybe Roslyn 's problems with her distributor were a coincidence .
tr	I	The flashed light again and I laughed .
tr	O	You 're a very strange woman , Madame .
tr	O	What was he wearing ?
tr	I	But a warmth then began to build in palm his .
tr	O	I can sense it , even through the fire .
tr	O	We think it only makes good sense .
tr	O	Her cheeks turned a bright red at that and she admonished herself to stop that train of thought .
tr	I	She felt happiness so acute it her scared .
tr	I	Gray hesitated ; then nodded he .
tr	I	She truly sincere looked .
tr	O	She 'd probably make a killing every night she worked .
tr	O	At first Four thinks it 's Number Six coming to help us .
tr	O	I like having somewhere to come every day .
tr	O	I glanced quickly around the cabin , trying to avoid seeing the sad refuse in the quarter berth .
tr	O	That sharp flare of pain made him realize how much he cared for her .
tr	I	Tick knew she was right , and about for three seconds hated her for it .
tr	O	And no matter what , you don 't have to feel alone anymore .
tr	O	I saw what was going to happen seconds before it did , and I just wasn 't fast enough .
tr	I	His hand brushed mine as grabbed he the bag .
tr	I	She had own her child to consider .
tr	I	God had a hand that in .
tr	I	Aaron was still struggling with dizziness from the hit to his head , so Jayden prepared to take on the surrogate role 's .
tr	O	Then an amused grin touches his lips .
tr	O	Even if that is a New Zealand autumn and it 's probably as warm as a British summer .
tr	O	A human could have sex with a gentry girl and not worry too much about her getting pregnant .
tr	I	He heard something rustle in kitchen the .
tr	O	He started to pace back and forth .
tr	I	No words were spoken , and he couldn 't feel a thread psychic .
tr	I	The time is now right .
tr	O	He whistled for Lazarus to calm down and sit still , and she snapped a few shots .
tr	I	She up reached and wound her arms about him , reveling in what she 'd been unable to do before .
tr	O	I stroked his cheek .
tr	I	I sank back onto my heels , sobs my coming in gasps .
tr	O	He had called her Spark .
tr	O	He opened his eyes and looked for the first time at the place he would forever call home .
tr	O	Magnus 's eyes fluttered open .
tr	I	This darkness held warm shadows the and sound of rustling trees .
tr	I	CHAPTER Good FIFTEEN God , he made me nuts .
tr	I	I rang the doorbell then and stepped back , half afraid she wouldn 't ask me in .
tr	I	Do what we to came do .
tr	O	* * * * * The pain was sudden and almost inconceivably fierce .
tr	O	And that insecurity may be due to the fact that an evil Witch wanted to kill her .
tr	O	I gulp down air .
tr	O	She said that people were coming and going at all hours of the night , that car lights were shining in their bedroom window .
tr	I	A lot one like , actually .
tr	O	She wanted him - without a doubt .
tr	O	Today it was just her and the kids though .
tr	I	No matter what he did , she wouldn 't leave alone him .
tr	O	Any warmth that had been in her pretty , blue eyes when Allie drove up had long since fled .
tr	I	I should have with stayed him to meet Riley .
tr	I	Ryan and sighs steps closer to give me a hug .
tr	O	Crusader and Jumbo had both joined the GWA at a time when everyone had a silly , cartoonish gimmick .
tr	I	Frowning she looked around see to the water rippling , bubbles rising at the right side of the boat .
tr	I	I want to be appreciated for my true self and not be forced into a box or what told I should want .
tr	O	He lifted Boots up onto Ares behind Gregor .
tr	I	If she 'd been Pushing hard , the force of his would attack have thrown her backward .
tr	O	The two of them approached the ladder .
tr	I	Ramon had come for her , with a hardened glint in his eyes shone that through even the dark .
tr	O	He also looked like a human-sized marionette with his bib , candy cane suspenders , and handlebar mustache .
tr	I	They 'd given up relationship their to keep me safe , and even though their lies still pissed me off , I could almost understand the deception .
tr	O	Thankfully , the beef he had was just with the twins .
tr	I	He looked the like weight of her words hit him like a physical blow and he slumped even farther over his drink .
tr	I	~ ~ ~ SYNDROME ANTENNA New York , 2026 .
tr	I	Tucker had left Kane behind to give the shepherd some downtime extra .
tr	I	Stepping tentatively out from the shelter of the cave and onto a small plateau , they squinting stood in the daylight .
tr	I	He went as far back as a year and earlier , like Ransom should have guessed knowing Rafe , it involved a woman .
tr	O	I pulled at his shirt , wanting him in as little clothes as possible .
tr	O	As Jason reached out his hand , Drake stepped in front of him and intercepted it .
tr	O	I 'll go by Bren 's and ask him to look after the animals .
tr	I	He smiles as he looks down at all of the things in basket the .
tr	O	I looked at her , but all I saw was a blur of fear : a mass of weak knees and a pounding heart .
tr	O	You love to brag on your man and how sensitive he is .
tr	I	Maybe even Barrymore -- the old doctor Scottish owed him a favour for dropping him into all of this .
tr	I	The great gentleman appeared to welcome this brand tough of mental competition .
tr	O	Calliope was going to capture you and force you to be her partner .
tr	O	I loved it here because they had the best bread sticks .
tr	I	Amanda was older getting , and she didn 't want the bland stuff anymore .
tr	I	Paul and Charlie stay close while Grant , Jeff and stand Julianne alert .
tr	I	A patrol car slowed , keeping pace with him for half a block or so going before on .
tr	I	And it might have actually worked if I hadn 't let him go down on me in his office this evening .
tr	I	This information could not truth be .
tr	O	I knew she would ; after my father 's death , she lost all trust in the male population ... and people in general .
tr	O	The waitress glanced over at the table and then at me .
tr	O	He grabbed the phone and hit number one on the speed dial .
tr	O	Plus , I had no connections with the publishers there .
tr	I	She was pretty Elizabeth sure didn 't get out much .
tr	I	Bull then turned to and Craig Scott and gave them back their weapons .
tr	I	' Show me arm your . '
tr	I	But he 's I ... 've been a fan for such a long time .
tr	I	A succession of doors open squealed .
tr	I	He fantastically was wealthy .
tr	I	Susan marched over it to , flicked it on , and flipped through stations .
tr	I	She twisted around to watch sail it overhead before it hurtled away , its noise receding , its size diminishing .
tr	I	She 'd we known weren 't actually friends with Veronica , and she might have been strong enough to fight Adrian 's compulsion a little .
tr	I	Her twinkled eyes , and Noah realized she wasn 't wearing her glasses today .
tr	I	It took a Nora moment to respond -- God , she wanted to hang up the phone .
tr	O	She looked desperately for something to cut herself with .
tr	I	Airport chairs were not conducive sleeping to .
tr	I	She wanted be to held in the arms of a man and feel what a woman was supposed to feel .
tr	O	Pierre returned Nora to Mozambique where she had been abducted .
tr	I	His briefly gaze lingers on it before he looks up at me .
tr	I	It that seemed the party had moved on .
tr	I	What could possibly entice you stay to ? '
tr	O	You 're a bully and a psycho .
tr	O	It made sense so Josh dropped the idea .
tr	O	She bent down and listened for breathing .
tr	O	There would be no other woman for him .
tr	O	Jessica had begun to realize that he never wore a coat , no matter how cold it got .
tr	O	It involved a tactic she 'd seen the senator use on occasion to scare information out of political opponents .
tr	O	As I held that squirming pink bundle , I understood why our mother had refused to fight at Cronus 's side against us .
tr	O	She ate as if she hadn 't had a meal in days .
tr	I	It took us hours we until were able to reach real shelter .
tr	I	I triangulated the likely origin of the sound and the emptied rest of the magazine in that direction .
tr	I	And they powered were by another curious mixture of technologies .
tr	O	He wiggled in her grip but she just scowled and made it tighter .
tr	O	Grant found that intensely annoying .
tr	I	She had this concerned look on her face that me made feel on edge .
tr	I	They were too deeply ingrained for too years many .
tr	O	And I was willing to compromise to get him .
tr	O	I ask Cy , deciding Della isn 't apt to answer the question .
tr	O	Somehow , I doubted he was enthralled by the weather report .
tr	O	I made the finishing touches on my tablet and sent the graphic to her , hoping that she would find it acceptable .
tr	I	My parents not could help but laugh as well .
tr	O	He 'd only been trying to keep her safe , but Rachel wouldn 't have seen it that way .
tr	I	It didn 't appear to a be comment that was needed right now .
tr	O	Lil ian watched them disappear behind the door , and then leaned into my ear .
tr	I	I wish she didn 't so care much about everyone .
tr	O	She stroked her canine protector 's silky ears .
tr	O	Fried hush puppies are of course crucial .
tr	I	Slowly she nodded head her .
tr	I	The regret that flickered across his and face was gone .
tr	I	The young , strong man leapt across the wagon and started to pummel Tarik 's attacker , screaming out for the man older to stop .
tr	I	The idea of actually getting an answer out of the State was Senator a real treat .
tr	I	The first warrior went down , gurgling blood from his mouth .
tr	O	Dario stood up again .
tr	I	Search for of evidence missing children .
tr	O	See Ship 's imprimatur on the printout ?
tr	O	That pain was only beginning to hit them , but their minds continued to struggle against it , to refuse the reality of it .
tr	I	The broker had the just airplane .
tr	I	Harley didn say 't anything .
tr	O	As the darkness closed in on them , so too did the creatures .
tr	O	Boson Ion was of short stature and wiry build .
tr	I	He had auburn short hair and Abby detected the subtle scent of cologne .
tr	O	I am a servant of a nameless and formless god .
tr	I	Funny thing , of all the extraordinary revelations around existing me , that was foremost on my mind .
tr	I	They were heading right me for .
tr	I	He 'd known for days , ever since Lucan had made the decision to the allow civilians into the Order 's home .
tr	I	Brian could feel his pants being pulled down , along with underwear his .
tr	I	He not was going to allow her anywhere near Peter 's funeral .
tr	I	From his balcony he watched children on the street below Saturday playing morning tag .
tr	O	Thank you for reading and joining me on this road .
tr	I	Izzy up sat straight and lowered her arm .
tr	I	But she bore the surprisingly burden well as we made our trek into the wild unknown .
tr	O	It was nice to pretend gossip was the worst I had to worry about for a little while .
tr	I	Locks of the current period were simplistic , some batches with produced the same key so as to be interchangeable .
tr	O	The car radio told the story .
tr	O	Instead , she faced him squarely , denying nothing , saying nothing .
tr	O	He swore he wouldn 't stay at Brentwood Manor another minute .
tr	O	She needed love , attention .
tr	I	He sucked hard while his tongue the teased tip , making it painfully hard .
tr	I	I needed drink a .
tr	I	Cutoff jean shorts rode low on his slim hips until she could count every ridge his of six-pack abs .
tr	I	Okay , it suck up Gemma .
tr	O	Their moods had improved and Echo even felt hopeful .
tr	O	Concern flashed across Trevor 's face but then he dropped his brows again and his glare turned cold .
tr	I	Even never I dreamed you 'd go as far as you did .
tr	I	Wreckage from the suicide vehicle was scattered over the green grass and among flame the trees .
tr	I	He 'd gone blocks several and needed to backtrack to get home .
tr	I	It 's Dallas like is already dead .
tr	I	Her pride felt had a terrible knife-edge .
tr	I	They were the vilest creatures Hades and his brother had Lucifer ever spawned .
tr	O	There was time to fabricate a concrete cutter .
tr	O	I wish I had a picture to show you .
tr	O	He 'd never told to Ellen what he 'd seen , but she knew it was really bad .
tr	O	As unfortunate as it was for my emotional state of mind , I knew it was important to make the best of my time away .
tr	I	He would have liked to have been able to fall asleep when he so desired , or at the very least , he when was tired .
tr	O	It looked like we had been set up .
tr	I	He turned on the shower with one hand , then dove the under warm spray .
tr	I	Shimmer stayed close , and Echo knew horse her felt as drawn to the crystal as she .
tr	O	You have to win his confidence .
tr	O	Caesar stopped his searching and turned all his attention toward the elderly man squatting on his platform .
tr	I	He had been brought here back to his home to be with family in his final days .
tr	O	The idea of making a mistake in front of groups , or letting down teammates always made him uncomfortable .
tr	O	At that point , the whole building could be burning down and she wouldn 't care .
tr	I	When I woke up and saw you in my bed I to wanted cry , Holder .
tr	O	And on the third night after another and a stranger thing befell me . '
tr	O	For such noticeable women to hide for long would be impossible .
tr	I	Eveline 's widened eyes .
tr	O	She stood up , placed her hands behind her back .
tr	O	Fat Charlie sighed , walked into the hall , and answered it .
tr	O	Then the car was in motion and we were back on the highway .
tr	I	She had felt then him , in her memories , carrying the child that was her from the ice cave .
tr	O	' Don 't feel too sorry for him , ' Cain replied .
tr	O	A brass plaque on the wall caught her eye .
tr	O	Screaming out for mom , knowing she stayed home to be with me , I can hear her rushing up the stairs .
tr	O	She didn 't wait for his response but turned to go back into the building instead .
tr	I	There were so many them of .
tr	I	I felt bruised and to unable breathe .
tr	I	Especially since his desires the skirted edge of dangerous ... of acceptable .
tr	O	Sakura was testing the water with her fingers and reluctantly turned to answer Conrad .
tr	I	He was a brown mutt type , like a German shepherd with no markings other than white one paw , his left front one .
tr	O	Yes , he was even appealing from the back , and she glimpsed large arm muscles as he pushed himself up from the floor .
tr	I	I don 't need help any .
tr	O	She shook her head no .
tr	O	He did his best to hide his interest as she made her way back across the room .
tr	O	If he was going to take somebody , why hadn 't he taken me ?
tr	I	I know doesn it 't come naturally for our kind .
tr	I	She wanted to share day this with her parents and friends back home .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but shift my eyes just enough to peer out from behind the ragged curtain of my hair and glance toward the offending boy .
tr	O	The raised splotches of red skin were speckled with darker dots .
tr	O	Abby felt the color drain from her face .
tr	I	However , periodically would one make it past him .
tr	O	I smirked on the inside ; my team leader always tries to act like a big shot .
tr	I	The of feel its weight gave her a sense of safety .
tr	O	Tremors shook him as he fought against his need and desire .
tr	O	He takes a pillow and shoves it under my hips , before parting my legs .
tr	O	The nurse looked at him with veiled disgust as she helped him into the hospital bed .
tr	I	I eventually exited into the sunlight more once .
tr	I	Carmine gripped my even wrist tighter .
tr	O	I struggled to be free , and this only incited others to lay hold of me .
tr	I	' I thought the Fog ate that everyone touched it ? '
tr	I	Everything had golden a glow , as though the entire place was candlelit .
tr	I	I would it do again .
tr	O	The thin light lancing through the dark reminded her she didn 't have to endure this alone .
tr	O	I walked into the gym and went straight to our private locker room to change into my swimming trunks .
tr	I	There a was long period of the elevator doors opening and closing then finally the blip came alive again and started moving .
tr	I	I the see emergency exit door .
tr	O	Today 's raid was focused on food and medical supplies .
tr	O	But how would it get here ?
tr	O	Only this time around , he would not be around to help me burn off those calories .
tr	O	A swing hung from the tree , and there was a white picket fence surrounding the perimeter of the home .
tr	O	Bobby started the engine and dropped the rig into gear .
tr	O	Behind them came forty other soldiers , all with weapons drawn , their gazes rapidly scanning for any threat .
tr	I	I see a beautiful woman with sad eyes , standing the in daylight by a boy and a girl .
tr	I	I can 't you imagine hitting a woman .
tr	I	I watched , fascinated , as the third boy a made running start and flung himself farther into the empty air than the other two .
tr	I	His eyes closed again , but his grip the on stone didn 't loosen .
tr	I	Whereas was Cole the strong , silent type , Marissa was talkative and outgoing .
tr	O	Jayden held up his fist and punches Sean .
tr	I	She pulled each through time , and now spent her days bound to a wheelchair , signing a few simple words and smiling .
tr	I	They were walking to another to corner place another flyer on a stoplight pole .
tr	O	He turned back in his chair to the computer and reluctantly continued the lesson .
tr	O	I can 't do another minute of love talk until I know what happened .
tr	O	' Please , ' George tried to say .
tr	O	I followed him down , pummeling his face .
tr	O	Instead , Cliff Harding slipped into the pew beside her mother .
tr	O	I think whatever he said was probably bad enough , but I heard what he really meant .
tr	I	But Erica always assumed a higher power creating was that particular opportunity .
tr	O	Hugo suggested there was nothing he could do .
tr	I	Eric came her behind , his leopard 's breath loud in the still air .
tr	O	Mary Jo had watched the movie with her brothers on DVD .
tr	I	Martin paged through company the brochure four times on the day that he came aboard as a contractor .
tr	O	And how was she going to get away to get there ?
tr	O	I watched as she continued to laugh manically , which further angered me .
tr	O	Still , it was an awful lot of work -- months of rehearsals and scripts and choreography .
tr	O	But she had thought that with Brady consuming her thoughts , her old affections for him wouldn 't resurface so easily .
tr	I	It sat nearby , she where 'd dropped it when they 'd established their position on a plateau overlooking the compound .
tr	I	She away pulled licking her lips .
tr	O	' It 's living in the past .
tr	I	They 'd never on move if they were always dwelling on the past .
tr	O	Our blue shadows stand beneath us .
tr	O	She had to get out of here .
tr	O	Much later , both of them climbed back up to the tuna tower .
tr	I	And all he was was doing trying to defend and protect his family .
tr	I	The way they together moved , you would think it hurt them not to touch .
tr	I	They saw their opportunity when Bradford an placed advertisement in the newspaper looking for help in his mortgage company .
tr	I	Soon she would be his all .
tr	O	What is he doing with me ?
tr	O	It had been a year since we 'd seen each other .
tr	I	Dave was really good covering at his tracks .
tr	O	It worked well enough .
tr	O	I 'm not going to leave you alone .
tr	O	* * * * * Chapter Ten I caught Janet 's hands and more or less dragged her inside .
tr	I	Dex The one good thing about never having a phone was that could it never ring and wake me up .
tr	I	I couldn 't think even .
tr	O	Only he didn 't make as good a picture .
tr	I	It was another to that see caring reflected back at you .
tr	I	Daniel stopped the at pickup .
tr	O	But not too far under .
tr	I	The noise was very loud now and the thicket very dense so that he could not see yard a ahead , when the music stopped suddenly .
tr	I	With that thought , he came to the far south-western corner of the village and to pulled a stop at his destination .
tr	O	He didn 't need to though .
tr	I	I located a pen in the glove compartment and tore off a piece the of Vermont state map .
tr	I	I just wanted see to you one last time to tell you I 'm going away and you won 't need to see me again .
tr	O	Young as he was , he had something of an old man 's soul in these moments .
tr	O	And I 'll be closer to you , I thought to myself .
tr	I	He fell to ground the with a whine .
tr	I	One the of bodies was Miranda .
tr	O	He 'd been drinking .
tr	I	Brennan finished his beer in silence and then placed the empty bottle on coffee the table .
tr	O	All I could see were blood gushing out the monsters bodies , howling in pain until they dropped limply on the ground .
tr	O	Night came , and Michael moved slowly into the valley .
tr	O	She moved quickly and silently , skimming around a file cabinet as the thing that was supposed to be Drake continued to stalk her .
tr	O	He kissed her cheek on his way to the chamber pot and screen in the corner .
tr	I	I wasn 't expecting you to burn like that when cut I you .
tr	I	When she did , she squinted through spectacles her .
tr	I	Try to them punish ?
tr	I	I remember of all the black gothic clothing I wore .
tr	O	His feeling of oneness with the wood was renewed .
tr	I	She clutched her clothing clean to her chest and smiled .
tr	O	I 'll take you back to town in a few minutes .
tr	O	It was like the water itself was calling to me and I couldn 't resist .
tr	O	There it went again from another place !
tr	I	But at look everything he 'd done to overcome his heritage and his past .
tr	I	He to seemed be the type of fellow who could read emotions better than those around him .
tr	O	I slink back to bed , stung a little .
tr	I	The voice dropped to a whisper conspiratorial .
tr	O	Too much time had passed .
tr	I	Ali a spied familiar denim backpack on the counter .
tr	O	Two months went by and I found I was happy .
tr	O	She stood aside and let me in .
tr	I	It was earnest an question .
tr	I	I a take seat and look up at Carrie .
tr	O	It only took a few seconds for him to reach the cabin door and open it wide .
tr	O	I believe your communications are better than that .
tr	O	Have to wait , she thought , gritting her teeth as she put the BOW in gear .
tr	I	Then stopped we and exchanged uncertain looks .
tr	I	The moment they were all touching me , even clothing through , the light around the king was gone .
tr	I	Albert Elizabeth spotted in three pictures .
tr	O	She shook her head again .
tr	O	Aria backed away from him .
tr	O	I walked across the room and stood over him .
tr	O	Deborah pulled the exact change out of her purse -- thirty-one nickels and two pennies .
tr	O	His teeth were beginning to chatter .
tr	I	I hated myself this in moment .
tr	O	Henry heard the door close .
tr	O	She 'd never witnessed anything so erotic in her life , could never have imagined it .
tr	O	A muscle popped in his jaw .
tr	I	He had two choices , pull himself of out the ashes of his miserable existence -- or die .
tr	O	He shrugged into the jacket .
tr	I	- Anything , can you choose anything .
tr	O	From his shelf I pick up a little black horse figurine .
tr	I	I sighed and put radio the back up .
tr	O	Is that the only reason ?
tr	O	One man finally stopped , and Parker realized halfway home that he wouldn 't be able to get inside his house to pay the man .
tr	O	She needed to be careful .
tr	I	Everyman needed hobby a .
tr	O	Someone in the room cursed as I crouched , kicking off the floor .
tr	I	I was a different person now and wanted her to see it , acknowledge to it .
tr	O	With this decrease , the need to oversee the captured population also decreased .
tr	I	Their colours change give and away more than their mouths do .
tr	O	The drive took nearly an hour ( as close as I could reckon it , given my emotional state of mind ) .
tr	I	But the plain door that was behind them didn have 't number , and it seemed that it leads to the utility room .
tr	I	Compassion dictates we that must make allowances .
tr	I	I 'd decided I wanted more from my life than to the run family business , settle down , and have children .
tr	O	He liked the sound of this Michael Simms .
tr	I	I held her tight between my body and the and bar snapped my fingers for the bartender 's attention .
tr	O	He looked from one guard to another .
tr	O	She 'd never done something like this for a stranger before .
tr	I	I wonder if my ma was excited to land here , if her head was full of peace and good and hope joy everlasting .
tr	O	I might actually hurl .
tr	O	Holding back from him hurt like hell .
tr	O	Sometimes in the night he opened his eyes and saw the sky full of stars so he knew it had cleared .
tr	O	He could have formed a fiery sword from air and cleaved her head from her body , but didn 't .
tr	O	she said , smiling at the clerk .
tr	O	Most of the horde had rushed up slope to meet it , but a significant minority were content to wait and let it come and take them .
tr	O	Unfortunately , she saw nothing useful ; the room felt foreign , but unremarkable .
tr	O	Still , Gabriel was never too far from my thoughts .
tr	O	She stared up at him , noting it was rather strange doing so .
tr	O	He shook his head .
tr	O	Only Nate and I knew about Aisling being the true oracle .
tr	I	Even more the experienced soldiers were nearing their breaking point .
tr	O	Something flickered in his eyes before he looked away .
tr	O	The ivy hung from a branch that arched perfectly over the path .
tr	I	It 's around built an enclosed courtyard .
tr	I	I almost gasp when it close lands to the boomerang .
tr	O	Angry , he yanked it from his pocket .
tr	I	I left the kitchen and headed Jo to 's room .
tr	O	As I glance at the couple , I see a shadow pass behind them .
tr	I	She chants quietly , I listen but cannot make the out words .
tr	I	When I nodded , he walked over to Orson and dug through his pockets until found he the key .
tr	I	After careful examination , he placed the around fang his neck .
tr	I	Immediately , he felt a shaking , vibrating pain coursing along his and spine down to his legs .
tr	I	I thought we that we had the best and men we would have the best equipment .
tr	I	She stood there in awkward an silence , keeping Benji 's secret safe inside of her .
tr	I	We to need live together .
tr	I	I try to quiet tone my .
tr	O	He could see a dark figure walking away from the bed , toward the window .
tr	I	She was of afraid making a slightest move , not to mention searching for a pack on the floor .
tr	O	It is covered by floor length , thick red curtains .
tr	O	Brant looked at her profile .
tr	I	I what knew was coming .
tr	O	After driving north for three hours , they reached the airport of Havana .
tr	I	Please , need I your help . '
tr	I	Angelica was shocked as she turned in his arms , the forcing vision to disappear .
tr	I	The hand felt and soft flabby -- almost like Christmas cookie dough .
tr	I	There must be more to the story , so I waited for her to on go .
tr	I	My son is flying in today later .
tr	I	Then she lunged for me , grabbing hold of my shirt so we landed the on ground together .
tr	O	Visitors rented them to ride around the island .
tr	O	What is he doing ?
tr	I	He dials his home phone number Istanbul in .
tr	I	After he everything had done over the years , a few months should be an easy punishment .
tr	O	You have to be quick with figures .
tr	I	There was some dried blood on the side of her face matted and into her short , brown hair .
tr	O	Damen decided to let those sighs go .
tr	I	The door slowly opened to reveal woman the her mother had spoken about .
tr	O	Or maybe it wasn 't subconsciously .
tr	I	I 've had of enough it !
tr	I	Matthew bent and down kissed Chloe on the cheek and said hello to Becky .
tr	I	Sometimes I wanted to throw him a raw T-bone to see if pounced he on it .
tr	O	Alec moved quickly out of range , and Magnus 's outstretched hand fell to his side .
tr	O	I had already gnawed the skin off around my fingers and had begun to pick at the hole in my jeans .
tr	O	Watching as Carly moved one leaf around the plate , he surmised that she wasn 't any more hungry than he .
tr	I	She smiled , a looking bit less like she was facing the firing squad .
tr	O	I realized it soon after we were married .
tr	I	she explained -- mouth full of bread as spoke she .
tr	O	Knocking on Eva 's door , it opens and I see Reginald , Amanda and Gabriel talking about the spirits .
tr	O	What were people thinking ?
tr	O	His eyes glitter as they focus in on mine with great ferocity .
tr	I	Or maybe it the was warmth of her tone and the smile on her face that caught the baby 's attention .
tr	O	She took some medicine and went back to bed , to wake up a few hours later from Mia shaking her shoulder .
tr	I	She looked at the who others were sitting there in stunned silence .
tr	O	But I 'm not counting .
tr	O	I 'd been in a curled up position , having fallen over in the floor the minute the sun had come up , almost .
tr	O	Alex could see , farther on down the hall , the front door and one wing of a Krispy Kreme case .
tr	O	A child whose sense of reality had been twisted in Briarwood for so many years she didn 't know what to believe or whom she could trust .
tr	I	Things had so gone well .
tr	I	He drove out of the parking lot and turned the on street , headed for Terry 's house .
tr	I	She expected that kind of response him from .
tr	O	His profile was harsh and haunted .
tr	I	He placed the nozzle down as he pressed up behind her , his thick , pulsing resting staff on the crack of her butt .
tr	I	And yet , deep down , hadn 't suspected she that very thing ?
tr	O	He is looking for my obedience and acknowledgement of His eminence in my life .
tr	I	It all was a game to him .
tr	O	He sat numb , unable to move or think .
tr	I	She her used telepathic connection with Josef to let him know he was in huge trouble .
tr	I	Not her even father could find fault with a man who didn 't want a wife whose mental awareness was in question .
tr	O	He lay passive as Gabriel took to the air with him .
tr	I	They 're in there , but she can 't them access .
tr	O	And ... ' he glanced sidelong at Riley .
tr	I	You need to the know consequences .
tr	I	Take her the to city again ?
tr	O	If I was lucky and fell asleep quickly , I could maybe get four hours in .
tr	O	I had told the servants to ready my black chainmail , weapons , and warhorse just in case .
tr	I	She didn 't want to view him in such an unfavorable light , what but else could she think ?
tr	I	When they neared the gates , Lorelei put hand her on Liam 's arm .
tr	O	This was already painful enough .
tr	O	He was a short , fat man , with pudgy cheeks and lips that protruded a little too much .
tr	I	About every third or fourth day Billy would all find of his chores done .
tr	I	The thought through drifted her mind , overshadowing everything in its path .
tr	O	I finally did something just for me .
tr	I	Instantly , the pulled taxi off .
tr	O	The candles actually held electric globes and were alight , which meant power had to be supplied by a small generator inside the cake .
tr	I	He lifted the hem of her gown floor-length .
tr	I	I don even 't shiver .
tr	I	I begin to understand why your father was so willing to rid be of you .
tr	O	For you , it 's different .
tr	I	He before spoke I had time to give him a better look .
tr	I	I heard long time ago that happened the in year 2016 .
tr	I	Beside him , gasped she .
tr	O	He was beginning to lose faith , but she 'd redeemed herself at the bar .
tr	I	She had aged during weeks the that the bones were removed .
tr	O	He ´ s a gifted and well-crafted athlete .
tr	O	If you need an incentive please remember they are the reason we are still alive .
tr	O	Did I ever tell you Celina 's given name ?
tr	O	Human rights activists have been especially vociferous .
tr	I	Her whole body felt like it frozen was in ice .
tr	I	The Guy pushed himself up his on elbows , panting .
tr	I	Ezra saw it in their ; faces they were all scared of doing anything .
tr	I	She turned away and sprinted back toward the tunnels , forcing me to chase her after .
tr	I	Engines in roared the sky above the estate .
tr	O	He knew the water was close by , and it would support his body weight .
tr	I	She took center stage in of front the other three , wearing the same outfit .
tr	I	I moved around the room , looking at the art adorning the walls , and then I picked up magazine a .
tr	O	' Ahem ... should we be going there , if it 's bad ? '
tr	O	We walked to the left past several tables full of students .
tr	I	I not did care anymore .
tr	O	She didn 't see anyone at all .
tr	I	It 's part what of I am .
tr	I	This brought her to back the mission .
tr	I	Something hit ground the with a whoosh and loud thud close to Budda .
tr	I	The walls were with covered black and white photos as well as racks of books about the war .
tr	I	This one almost made it but the breeze off lake the was definitely chilly .
tr	I	He trembled anticipation with .
tr	I	I my rest arms on the table .
tr	I	I the liked pork ?
tr	O	She reached for the bag again and again he eluded her .
tr	O	There 're more important issues at hand here , Russ .
tr	O	The flakes were huge and airy .
tr	O	I 've already spoken to the dealers who work the day shift .
tr	I	Tristan 't hadn made one comment .
tr	I	Gran was in the kitchen iced making tea .
tr	O	I don 't have many laws here , but the ones I have are inviolable .
tr	I	A glass window slides into place between the front seats and the back , effectively soundproofing us the from driver .
tr	I	If he weren 't too tanned tell to , I think he might be blushing .
tr	I	Can I trust you to behave if I leave for little a bit to go to the common area ?
tr	O	Then he met Atalanta .
tr	O	He turned to meet Shay 's troubled gaze .
tr	O	His left eye was swollen shut , with dried blood in both corners .
tr	O	I guess I do .
tr	I	Take the one you need , but be sure to check it out with Cassie , or you 'll have to answer her to .
tr	O	The touch of his lips on her body made her feel amazing .
tr	I	They me helped do this .
tr	O	I cursed my own sloppiness for a moment before focusing on my attacker again .
tr	I	Orange backlit shadows danced on walls the .
tr	O	He placed a hand under my chin and lifted my face so I was looking at him .
tr	O	He looked at the door and around the chamber and realized he was trapped by the sunshine .
tr	O	Meyer smiled as he realised that his own feet were sitting uncomfortably in wooden clogs .
tr	I	I hear him fumbling with his other hand and then sound the of a condom being ripped open .
tr	I	However , it was becoming that evident she was having a hard job in hiding her disappointment in what had just been said .
tr	I	Encouraged that Eve seemed to bending be , Cheyenne hurried to reassure her .
tr	O	To meet those additional demands on my time , I found myself sacrificing more sleep .
tr	O	I 'm not telling them about Max .
tr	I	It wasn 't as if she 'd turned up with hair tortured into red or blue or purple or spikes dreadlocks .
tr	I	Probably goes to the and gym works out on the machines that people with bad knees use .
tr	I	The piano weren movers 't expected until the next day .
tr	O	Sell it , withhold it ; either way the transaction is power , the right to do as you wish .
tr	I	Clarity was for offered a moment .
tr	I	Yaris 't wasn in sight .
tr	I	You people care little for the living , and the you redemption promise can only be reached after death .
tr	O	Clem nodded and turned back to the window , awaiting three quick blinks of a flashlight that was his signal to pull up to the dock .
tr	I	He turned it carefully so the faced blade out .
tr	O	We 'll mix what 's in this barrel with naphtha and pitch and load the siege engines with the mixture .
tr	I	For the first time , noticed she that innumerable vampires were crowding at the door to Vad 's room .
tr	I	In a silent horrid chorus , their cries rose , their frantic curses , their final questions .
tr	O	Her job turned out to be sending emails as imagery became available .
tr	O	The source appears to be Oasis .
tr	O	Then again , his single-minded pursuit of pleasure was his one redeeming quality as far as her needs went .
tr	I	Amazing how the mind could be so detached while every nerve in the body was itself bracing for an assault .
tr	O	The only place she desired to be .
tr	I	She didn 't want anyone getting the beat hell out of them .
tr	I	It seemed to Gene that Andy thought that his were parents right on both counts .
tr	I	Joe stared back Murray at .
tr	O	Gloria sipped her tea , sending him a thoughtful look over the rim of her cup .
tr	O	I 'll get these out to your car .
tr	O	She kept her attention on her task .
tr	I	She couldn 't argue the with truth .
tr	I	One quick peck she and was getting into her 4Runner .
tr	I	She lunged at yet another man , knocking him to the ground before sinking teeth her into his exposed throat .
tr	O	I didn 't even raise my head , but I turned my face slightly so I could look at the guy with challenge in my eyes .
tr	I	On impulse he a turned sharp right , directly into a chain-link fence .
tr	I	He got up to flee the and room retrieve his keys where he had believed to have last left them .
tr	I	He folds of one her hands into both of his .
tr	I	And Savannah heard the echo a of scream .
tr	I	Manuel 's mom walked of out the bedroom .
tr	I	I sat there on the couch in the room living , waiting in fear .
tr	I	Beth nodded her at in appreciation .
tr	O	They were created for agents to escape imprisonment .
tr	O	And damn , when he touched her , she went up in flames for him .
tr	I	Because while Dr. Cary may be the focus of her other male client 's wank fantasies , she definitely wasn mine 't .
tr	O	And after she 'd finished college , her father had made sure that her guard duty was in place .
tr	O	Her siege engine of choice was a low-cut gown that went just a bit beyond the bounds of propriety .
tr	O	It was a good idea and a surprising one from Jasmine , who tended to run to extremes .
tr	I	Huge buildings around all , skyscrapers .
tr	O	She was sitting at the next table , a paperback in front of her .
tr	I	Tessa saw a woman 's touch all the over room .
tr	O	It was where I was comfortable .
tr	I	He gives me a hook left , right in the cheekbone .
tr	O	Eventually he learned that the other man she 'd lost had been her husband .
tr	I	He let words those sink in .
tr	O	Somewhere along the line , as the body swooped and soared , it managed to pull itself out and level off .
tr	O	I 'm exactly who Gavin described : I 'm selfish .
tr	O	I took a careful step away .
tr	I	His mouth flattened and he his shook head , his eyes glittering darkly .
tr	O	That he does good , still .
tr	I	' I have still control over my body . '
tr	O	The long journey and the weeks of training had made her stronger somehow more confident , and today was the day she was going to prove it .
tr	I	' Well Martin , I 'm going to get my report done , and somebody be will along soon to get you sorted out .
tr	I	All three rays of light were by encased streams of black smoke and they all joined into one source located opposite the sisters ' cabin .
tr	I	Gabe makes a noise in the back his of throat , like a warning .
tr	I	He her shot a cocky grin .
tr	O	That all of those changes have happened to him , too .
tr	O	She all but squealed .
tr	I	Or else the sound had been TV a or radio .
tr	O	She came back with some photos .
tr	O	This was what I wanted .
tr	O	He caught the concern in her voice .
tr	O	There was always a musty , wet smell in the air , and it was something you never appreciated in the city .
tr	I	Shelves hung on the wall held little china statues wide-eyed of children .
tr	I	Hazard came over to join her and seemed to be able to talk to the some mother by hissing .
tr	I	The extraordinary circumstances had made this more important , he himself told .
tr	I	If you would like to share book this with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each reader .
tr	I	Beth 's puckered brows as she saw his expression .
tr	O	Alicia shoved him backward onto the sleeping bags , walking playful fingers down his chest .
tr	O	He disappeared down the public aft stairway .
tr	I	Something passed between us night that .
tr	O	I needed to talk to Aiden .
tr	O	If it gets too high , we change our plan of attack .
tr	O	I watched him , confused and somewhat sad .
tr	I	Trying to be someone she wasn 't ... was wrong , deceitful .
tr	O	Is it for our own safety , or is it because they have secrets they need to safeguard ?
tr	O	Rory was certainly an adaptable creature .
tr	I	She could no go farther .
tr	O	But they were clean-cut , rugged , and strong .
tr	I	Bob considered mentioning his own fears , but silent remained .
tr	O	My lawyers tell me there 's some kind of holdup .
tr	I	Deciding not to risk it , he turned into 's Eloise driveway instead .
tr	I	Sensual , with a of hint danger .
tr	I	You forget , I 'm getting to used being in your mind .
tr	O	Maybe he needs moral support ?
tr	O	Link could almost swear Boo sitting there , waiting .
tr	O	He could taste the dust entering his nostrils .
tr	I	He couldn 't decide if things were going according to plan completely or screwed up , but he really didn 't care .
tr	I	Another burst of wind whistled past as water swirled around Gary 's and feet retracted into the ocean .
tr	I	This almost is more scandalous than your usual clothes .
tr	O	Several of the passengers had been killed instantly by the blast and many others had been knocked unconscious .
tr	O	They 're ready to condemn those who oppose their will , yet see no fault in themselves .
tr	O	The dog leaned against his leg and looked up affectionately .
tr	O	He hadn 't said in so many words to Will but the obscure image of his vision had been planted in their minds .
tr	I	It 's barely horse a .
tr	O	In answer I started to laugh until Claudia was giggling uncontrollably , our hilarity muffled by our pillows so we wouldn 't wake our friends .
tr	I	He kept moving , filling her with up every dragging thrust .
tr	I	If you would like to share this with book another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	O	She was looking down at it and typing something .
tr	O	But perhaps only the Dillon connection had been flagged ?
tr	O	I need this donation .
tr	O	This whole twenty questions game was officially over .
tr	O	The Jaguar screeched to a halt when I hit the brakes as hard as I could .
tr	O	Carl was not noted for his concise vocabulary .
tr	I	Raja pulled in and parked the toward rear .
tr	I	I cleared throat my .
tr	O	She didn 't have any of the body aches as she expected .
tr	O	Coach gave me a slight nod , and went into his outer office , closing the door behind him .
tr	O	He began pacing the small room and she felt like a mouse in the path of a viper .
tr	O	Tucker interrupted , remembering the fresh boards shoring it up .
tr	O	I nodded , hoping he was right , but not feeling confident .
tr	I	Chloe rehearsed her over words and over again in her head , and sometimes out loud .
tr	O	Not that Celeste couldn 't take care of herself , she was pretty headstrong , but something about this just didn 't feel right .
tr	I	She sat on the side the of bed , wrapping her arms around her stomach , and let the sobs escape .
tr	I	He couldn have 't said what I thought he had .
tr	O	No matter how pathetic and crazy it would be .
tr	O	They climbed into bed together , killed the lights .
tr	I	Bender nodded at absently the assembled dignitaries as he leaned forward .
tr	I	I thought about phone my , and my watch .
tr	O	Yet ... He turned slowly , tracking the dark shadow .
tr	O	That she didn 't want anything to do with me .
tr	I	He wouldn 't tell me why - only that an angel had come to again him in a dream .
tr	I	Austin 't didn even want to think about that .
tr	I	All the lights on were , although they were also on in the landlord 's house next door .
tr	O	Humans are the only mammals who drink the newborn nourishment of another mammal .
tr	I	He watched her pull pitcher the from the refrigerator .
tr	O	I now realize my mistake .
tr	I	Jacqueline was worried about her and hoped Carol could , somehow , from rebound the loss .
tr	I	He was right ; I just should ride his coattails .
tr	I	She brought my head up with level hers .
tr	I	A ceremony within the Church grounds followed and the priests were asking God protect to the fishermen and their harvest , a beautiful reason for a festival .
tr	O	said Pandora , when Miriam leapt up .
tr	O	Her large eyes shimmered .
tr	I	The gunslinger felt the on lie his lips .
tr	I	I told you , Thomas has duty guard .
tr	O	It wasn 't , but she nodded .
tr	I	And , came another thought , this a one little more subtle , but much to the point : wasn 't any death the easy way out ?
tr	I	The things he intended to were get needed desperately .
tr	O	So as a final step , she paints a clear lacquer over the symbol .
tr	I	One look at would her tell anyone she didn 't need reassurance , however .
tr	I	She kept a safe distance as Sylvia waited for the elevator , then headed for stairs the .
tr	O	He sifted through a few other items before holding up Nathan 's driver 's license .
tr	I	I know I 'm more tired than .
tr	I	Since the schizophrenic is accustomed to constantly ignore the surface and look beneath -- he draws a blank .
tr	I	Asa 's eyes darted over to the stove , to the unearthly glow that flickered through the narrow of slits its door .
tr	O	Kelly wanted to applaud .
tr	I	He hesitated , wanting to ask her how she really felt deep inside about the fact that he had killed man a .
tr	I	He slept a at hotel .
tr	I	The room sways , and then twists , and I lurch to the side , my brushing fingertips on the ground to steady myself .
tr	O	Right now all I want is to curl up and cry .
tr	I	Take heart my as your colors .
tr	I	We 've young coming Sarah in for her first jumps .
tr	O	The question startled her enough that she lifted her head from his shoulder .
tr	O	My breath caught as I stared at him in his black boxer shorts .
tr	O	I 'm sure the Reverend Mr. Parris has tried to instruct her , but we must remember , she 's been influenced by the devil .
tr	I	Carlo drove home her the next morning and kissed her passionately before leaving to drive into the office .
tr	O	It was well west of us and it was hard to tell from this vantage point where the storm was heading .
tr	I	Trust me , friend my , I 'm never wrong .
tr	O	If I do , I am going to die .
tr	O	Running is almost his only means of locomotion and until the binoculars , his greatest joy .
tr	O	I need to learn how to defend myself -- and you .
tr	O	Suddenly we had hijackings on the road and serious vandalism at truck stops , both in Canada and in the U.S. .
tr	I	Several marksmen their raised weapons obediently .
tr	O	And the first three digits of each telephone number indicate that they most probably share the same office .
tr	I	She did not want to list in her the mind many reasons her life had descended into sheer , unadulterated madness .
tr	O	The police department investigated the scene of the shootout where dead bodies seemed to be all over the place .
tr	O	Of course , we still do not know for certain .
tr	O	He nodded and out we went .
tr	I	He took it up and flung it at the goblin leader , who had his back as turned he faced the fallen Joss .
tr	I	I follow his gaze a to shop across the other side of the busy road which has women 's underwear artfully displayed in its window .
tr	O	She will not be allowed to harm you .
tr	O	William is speaking from across the room , waiting in the hallway with an irritated expression .
tr	O	Another look at the digital clock display pulled Mike away from his daydream .
tr	I	Slow and steady , I myself told fiercely .
tr	O	Scott didn 't move his eyes from mine .
tr	I	I 'd rather left be alone .
tr	O	Doing as he was told , Dan stood tall and straight .
tr	O	He stood up slowly .
tr	O	Being careful not to scare me away .
tr	I	Then in a flash it came him to .
tr	O	was Barret 's response as he now looked sideways at Billy who was looking sideways back and snickering .
tr	I	And tonight , when she met 'd his family , it had seemed as though she belonged ... How could she have been so wrong ?
tr	O	You 've got to be tall to be properly spooky .
tr	O	There had been a quiet planning , each one offering to bring a simple item of tribute to the two teachers who had fallen there .
tr	O	The big forester crested a hillock and began his descent toward the road to Kerner .
tr	O	I waved my hand dismissively .
tr	I	They trusted and him all nodded or mumbled agreement .
tr	O	Her eyes narrowed , drawing his attention to a thick fringe of black lashes that looked real .
tr	I	Nearly dead 7,000 already from the quake .
tr	I	If nothing else , hope I this year on your own has shown you your inner strength .
tr	I	He 's a of friend ours .
tr	I	But , someone else her found , too .
tr	O	Nevertheless , he did think she would treat him differently .
tr	O	Because who , in their right minds , enjoyed this ?
tr	O	They planned to leave the following day at sunrise .
tr	O	Sweating now , Caroline leaned her head back to gather her hair and twisted it up into one hand as she fanned herself with the other .
tr	O	A section was dedicated to Lilly .
tr	O	He pressed down on the front of his legs trying to stead himself .
tr	O	I feel like I could see you every second of every day and it wouldn 't be enough .
tr	O	Then they tell the child he must do what they want or they will kill his parents .
tr	O	But you 're a suspect in a murder investigation !
tr	I	I wanted to protect MacGregor , whom I had started like to .
tr	O	I made the mistake of meeting his eyes when we were only a foot apart as it was .
tr	I	So I spit right in eyes his .
tr	O	Two seconds from losing my virginity .
tr	O	There have been some diversions with other games and beta testing , but I have always had this one to come back to .
tr	I	Although I tended to hold things in with everyone else in life my , I expressed myself freely to my mom .
tr	I	He his rounded desk and shrugged out of his coat .
tr	I	I left them and stalked off down the toward hallway my bedroom .
tr	I	Claire her dropped head again .
tr	I	Her green eyes glowed in the darkness , taking in him with a knowing , sly stare .
tr	I	A few minutes later , we in 're my truck , getting ready to drive down the road toward home .
tr	O	The corner of his mouth twitched .
tr	I	I have been space traveling for years and it still occasionally me affects .
tr	O	I 'd never felt so uncomfortable with him .
tr	O	Or ... um , feed on them .
tr	O	Josie ended her call to Archer .
tr	O	The noise was overwhelming .
tr	O	He fell on his rear and his slide into the unknown began .
tr	O	She stroked the seam of her jeans that ran up her crossed leg .
tr	I	She paused after , seeming apprehensive continue to .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd just seen the way his footprints stacked on top of one another , which formed a new pattern .
tr	O	I shook my head and put my hands on his clean-shaven face , kissed him hard and deep .
tr	O	Permit me to request your immediate answer , whether it will be in your power to attend in Dublin at the time appointed .
tr	O	It was dark enough that our only light came from strategically placed lanterns along the camp 's main path .
tr	I	The offered attorney Julian a fountain pen .
tr	I	Emerson couldn 't believe how much wanted he this woman .
tr	O	Dream or not I guess we 're well beyond worrying about that .
tr	O	Prescribed Punishment : Torture , followed by beheading . )
tr	O	That hollow look was intensified by dark shadows under my eyes and a paleness in the rest of me from lack of sun .
tr	I	She up stared at him with those accusing brown eyes that were shining in anger .
tr	O	He glanced back at her , his eyes softening as he took her in .
tr	I	They all worked in different places and they all had completely lives different .
tr	O	A crowd had already formed and people milled around the room , anxiously awaiting the results .
tr	I	She cried out , letting go of the steering as wheel the car wheeled into the opposite lane , the car slowing .
tr	O	Nevaeh said some words under her breath and created her own rainstorm right there in the dungeon .
tr	O	I pulled my pink transistor radio out of my shorts pocket and fiddled with the tuning dial .
tr	I	He be 'd gone in a few weeks and she 'd go on with her life while he returned to hell .
tr	O	After Mrs. Vader looked in on me the fourteenth time , I got the hint and galloped back down to the gas pumps .
tr	I	He brushes his thumb across cheek my .
tr	O	Samara felt a sudden flutter in his stomach .
tr	O	You know what I mean .
tr	O	And actually having to do it .
tr	I	Here the sailing becomes more far complicated .
tr	O	And you 're wrong .
tr	I	Tony held himself immobile beneath the soft caress of Sarah 's hand on chest his .
tr	I	She her closed eyes , feeling such shame .
tr	I	I to wanted hide .
tr	I	But the rest of this looks like it came right out of old an picture .
tr	I	She is also closet a geek .
tr	I	My heart in sank my chest , my mind in a whirl , and my body completely numb .
tr	O	Without thinking , I pressed a single , light kiss to her lips and pulled back , looking in her eyes once more .
tr	O	A warning for both of them ?
tr	I	Sawyer picked up the empty bottle Will had thrown down tipped and it up over his beak .
tr	I	Walker signed the and paper handed it back as the elevator came to a stop .
tr	O	He gave a rueful smile .
tr	O	Peace coursed through my blood , mingling with the numbness already there .
tr	I	We stand there , face-to-face , not meeting each other eyes 's .
tr	O	And everything went black .
tr	I	Shaking his head in disbelief , Matthew returned to the cell door , on pounding the heavy wood .
tr	O	You 'd know if she wasn 't , wouldn 't you ? '
tr	I	She wouldn 't allow Linsey to get the of best her .
tr	O	They rode two to a horse .
tr	I	I apologize sending for it to your work address but it is the only one I could find .
tr	I	' Or England , ' said Johnny .
tr	I	He thought he saw angels sitting on the branches the of oak above him .
tr	O	The elevator doors slid open with a chime .
tr	O	He vaulted up the ladder and helped Harrington into the upper cab .
tr	O	Still not sure what to do , Danni ran her hand over his boner , which was obstructed by the thin cloth of his boxer shorts .
tr	I	He looked away , ashamed , and saw I a tiny smile on Mia 's lips .
tr	O	Some sites never got rid of the ruptures created in them and so the tracks continued to stand dull but present .
tr	O	They 'd successfully kept their presence a secret for centuries , which was why this new concept of mating with humans was so risky .
tr	O	Chapter 4 The Council Divided Only half the council showed .
tr	I	Abe saw it through the side window which wasn 't quite dirty as as the windshield .
tr	I	Her were eyes now dry . '
tr	I	She 'd been revolted by it before , but with her threatening stomach to jump out of her throat , the prospect seemed suddenly acceptable .
tr	I	You give him a pinch to taste he and experiences a particular strong , sharp taste .
tr	O	Hopefully she 'd calmed down and had thought it through .
tr	I	I her wanted heart .
tr	O	That combined with an overactive imagination and a general lack of quality sleep proved to be a bad combination .
tr	O	A couple of birds flitted overhead but other than that all seemed quiet .
tr	O	So many styles and fabrics .
tr	O	He felt trapped in an eternity of hopeless depression , so intense that he could only groan pitifully .
tr	I	You even never stopped to look at me .
tr	O	I looked through the earlier pages and tried copying the examples set there , but I hadn 't a clue what I was doing .
tr	I	Fitch quite agreed happily .
tr	O	He could still be at the New York Covenant in the Catskills .
tr	I	he replies , knowing is this going nowhere good .
tr	O	I ´ ve got better chances that she ´ s on another one of those ships .
tr	O	She could no longer live behind the boundaries of that fear , not anymore .
tr	O	And then he was gone .
tr	I	Their would passengers still be back on time .
tr	I	She closed her and eyes recalled the wonderful feelings she felt when he was near enough so she could inhale him .
tr	O	I now knew the reason why the Hunters ' attempts to kill me suddenly abated a century ago .
tr	I	As a precaution , kept she the sedan between her and the doors to the hotel .
tr	I	She 's dreaming of The Sentence and after I explained it to her , she what knows it means .
tr	O	He took Mister outside the house and pretended he was outside the walls of the property as he crept slowly around the yard and looked for Brutus .
tr	I	CHAPTER TEN Linda led the group into the formal dining room that held a massive cherry wood dining table had and twelve chairs around it .
tr	O	He clutched the folder to his chest .
tr	O	He turned to regard Sally with a deep scowl .
tr	O	How his ranch was one of the biggest in the county and he 'd left his marriage and Los Angeles to carry on the family tradition .
tr	I	Ed and the were rifle gone .
tr	I	He shook his head , as if trying to his clear vision .
tr	O	You didn 't take an exit the way you would in most places .
tr	I	There were only about 200 people on the entire island , they and were very self-sufficient .
tr	I	He brought my hands up took and his turn washing me .
tr	I	Well of they course did not .
tr	I	Before he could lay down , she quickly up sat , surprised she even could .
tr	O	Shortly after Durham left , there came another knock at the door .
tr	I	He looked around the with room a raised eyebrow .
tr	O	When he moved his hand up to cradle her breast in the deep V of his thumb and index finger , she gasped again .
tr	O	Don 't worry , you 're allowed .
tr	I	Jane eyes 's filled with tears .
tr	I	He spat the words an like accusation .
tr	I	Blue lumbered beside along them .
tr	I	Just then beeper my vibrates .
tr	O	He would be pissed since I told him no one delivered out here .
tr	O	Sadie was the one girl who 'd rejected every move he made onto her .
tr	O	He was unaware the city was meticulously planned to be in harmony with the natural elements of the landscape including its outcrops of boulders and scattered vegetation .
tr	O	These rebels were from the King 's own lands and it was his high taxes against which they rebelled .
tr	I	The passed day but time gave me no reprieve .
tr	I	But everything else is riot a of different colors .
tr	O	We 're moving out of the house .
tr	I	True , they had been under Falco 's spell , but once they had been human , all with the same hopes and dreams as everyone else .
tr	I	I was first to arrive , and went out on the balcony to gather my thoughts one time final .
tr	I	Don 't forget Poseidon decree 's .
tr	I	The sound of boots barely scraping the sidewalk behind also me stopped .
tr	O	But Amira disagreed , saying that Francine had a speed and precision that Amira couldn 't match .
tr	I	Matt shook his head and softly laughed .
tr	O	I shake my head .
tr	O	Luke asks and one of the flashlights falls from his arms onto the floor .
tr	O	Ze most important day of our lives .
tr	I	The Dream Syndicate 's mission apparently was , all after , to destroy the Dark once and for all .
tr	I	It was a direct hit the to center of her chest .
tr	O	Mark repeated , staring around the room .
tr	I	I just one want more day .
tr	O	I don 't respond .
tr	O	Once upon a time , a boy had loved a girl .
tr	O	Albert is a college dropout .
tr	I	The bones rattled and scraped , sometimes crunched , and she held a scream deep within throat her .
tr	O	I wanted to know what they looked like .
tr	O	So really , when you get right down it , I didn 't accidentally break any postal laws at all , did I ?
tr	I	Mum and Dad had been at one end of the hallway , at Nate the other .
tr	O	When Noah was ready to talk , I 'd be here for him .
tr	I	Melissa 's eyes darted to her , widening and slightly then narrowing sharply .
tr	I	Thank you for respecting the work hard of this author .
tr	I	The closer they got to Baltimore , the quieter the became drive as nervous tension filled the air .
tr	I	She then up picked the earpiece .
tr	O	Raina addressed Charlotte 's hurt first .
tr	I	Nick stared at him for a moment slowly and took his hands off of his stomach .
tr	O	I 've found me .
tr	I	He his brought arm up to accept her gesture .
tr	O	In total we had hoped for the survivability of 500 million individuals within the bunker systems .
tr	I	She glared at him from her beneath lashes .
tr	I	I haste made to join the defenders .
tr	I	I 'd so been sure .
tr	O	She was careful to find some leather to put over the bottom so she didn 't end up stabbing herself in the middle of the night though .
tr	O	I turned and ran .
tr	O	Two guards stood watch there , and there were no doubt more men inside the shack .
tr	O	She tried to hide the trembling of her hands by clenching them in his coat .
tr	I	She appraised me like it positively was impossible .
tr	I	The man curled his lip an instant before he changed to tiger a and rushed at them .
tr	O	Amy left and Calvin nodded so Raphael could turn up the volume .
tr	O	He put the navy first .
tr	I	She shook her slowly head .
tr	O	Tog knew many languages , in his line of trade , he had to be a linguist .
tr	O	Liza didn 't want to continue this conversation anymore , but she didn 't want to be rude either .
tr	O	Sometimes , not even each other .
tr	O	she cried , unable to hide the delight in her voice and still not sensing the air , which had now lightened considerably .
tr	I	My addiction controls me the at moment .
tr	I	I 'd better get school to .
tr	O	I snapped the phone closed , cutting off my dear correspondent from Outer Mongolia , or wherever Teel had actually managed to reach .
tr	I	Instead , Amy and his father carried out the duty , admirably and so .
tr	O	I am not a baby .
tr	I	But I cannot imagine what possessed to her do this to you and Douglas .
tr	O	We were just a few thousand feet from crashing into the water .
tr	O	~ * ~ When morning came and Titus still hadn 't returned , Selena couldn 't help being worried .
tr	O	He realized that struggle would get him nowhere , so he did not resist .
tr	O	Honestly , she was still surprised her mom had packed up everything and moved out here .
tr	I	The father up glanced to see the driver 's face in the mirror .
tr	I	Joanna couldn stand 't it anymore .
tr	O	It felt as if someone traced a feather across my skin .
tr	I	A cybernetic soldier who might or might not be receiving from messages God .
tr	I	' That true 's , sir .
tr	I	Chapter One British West Indies , 1813 February He 'd stolen a bride .
tr	I	Suddenly I came up short , detecting another in body the tunnel , just ahead .
tr	O	I loaded up on fried potatoes and sausage while Josie went for the pancakes and fruit .
tr	O	The late Owen Larson .
tr	I	And I lost it , for the second , third , maybe fifth time night that .
tr	O	She walked over and lifted his chin , towering over him .
tr	O	So did her mother .
tr	I	The only illumination in the was room Will 's glowing stone , its light sunk down now to an ember between his fingers .
tr	O	We ended up outside , on a terrace overlooking a pool .
tr	O	It wasn 't the fact that he had made a deal with the thing that might as well 've been Sara 's dad .
tr	I	Somehow , as as beautiful his companions were , their slick wit only rippled the surface .
tr	O	She 'd made clear to Jake that if he wanted to be with her , he 'd have to change , and he 'd tried .
tr	O	She looked infinitely fragile .
tr	O	I heard the door opening and sat the phone down on the bed next to me .
tr	O	I cried out urgently .
tr	I	He knew Shane that approached .
tr	I	He shakes head his .
tr	O	The reverend 's car hasn 't been seen since .
tr	O	There is no glory in this war , only despair .
tr	O	It was all they needed .
tr	I	I then got a lecture about how women are more than sex just .
tr	I	His black eyes went from ice to cold a raging fever .
tr	I	Perhaps was Jonas right .
tr	I	They say the twelfth Maker an was arrogant man .
tr	I	In the of midst it all , a horrible fear struck me that I wouldn 't be able to Erase this .
tr	I	Luckily they had not ventured into the area exhibition , and his most prized items remained intact .
tr	O	Having everyone ask made me even more uncomfortable .
tr	O	I had put my heart and soul into the company , and my success reflected my desire to see it succeed .
tr	I	Rafe no had idea which side was winning .
tr	O	He gave her a dazzling smile as he slung his arms around her waist and drew her into him .
tr	O	Then she 's unexpectedly kissing me again .
tr	I	I do not want less , nor I will accept less .
tr	O	So , the old man had requested privacy for this little reunion ?
tr	I	Gideon discovered himself trembling with the effort to his control suddenly raging emotions .
tr	I	I 'm Fletcher Evelyn .
tr	O	Ronan took off down the gravel driveway .
tr	O	And I know how you can thank me ... Lol .
tr	O	Virgil said , struggling to extricate himself from his chair .
tr	O	The lady is growing stronger , but she still requires glamour .
tr	I	Cameron turned her around to face the roaring and fire undid all the buttons himself .
tr	I	I had no idea where was Mona leading me .
tr	O	When I 'm done this you can tell me to leave , and I promise to respect that decision .
tr	I	Next , he took another towel , and dried my off body .
tr	I	Zane grabbed a hold of my and shoulders looked into my eyes .
tr	I	A pair of cupolas crowned the mansion , along several with chimneys .
tr	O	We went up this glass elevator to get to the top , and we ate there .
tr	O	You have to remember that mankind is a strong species , but in their eyes only .
tr	O	He couldn 't catch me .
tr	O	She had very little time before she had to return to the motel .
tr	O	I thought of him kissing me .
tr	O	He 'd left the door ajar and he pushed it open .
tr	O	I stood at the private airport outside of Rosemary Beach .
tr	O	The whistle came again .
tr	I	What had she done there at end the ?
tr	I	He found himself leaning closer , deterred only by the desk in of front him .
tr	O	No more waiting around for life to happen to me now .
tr	O	That it 's not about numbing the pain , but accepting it and doing something with it .
tr	O	And the wound looks infected .
tr	O	One second he looked ready to pounce on top of her ... then the next ... he was gone .
tr	I	I could it feel shaking , but couldn 't respond fast enough .
tr	I	No one saw or heard anything , but it 's obvious he let in someone last evening .
tr	I	The is spell strong .
tr	I	After a minute good of static , he picked up .
tr	O	he smiled while combing Carmel 's hair with his hands .
tr	I	Yes , indeed might you .
tr	I	She got up and to started run towards the lights , screaming at the top of her lungs .
tr	I	Celeste 't didn seem interested in any help from Gabe right now .
tr	I	I 't didn even like him .
tr	I	The only way the worms the of world can connect to each other is through dying and returning to the most basic of things .
tr	O	She wondered what he was thinking .
tr	I	I checked see to if everyone was out of earshot .
tr	O	Byron got him another drink .
tr	I	Last night ... I felt a laugh desperate rise up in my chest .
tr	O	To prove that she has nothing to hide .
tr	I	Percy Jones , my dad campaign 's manager , had probably arranged it .
tr	I	Yet she had seen ghosts in the halls the of White Tower , and the corridors seemed to rearrange on a daily basis .
tr	O	She waited cautiously to hear what he had to say .
tr	O	Running to him , she discovered he had slit his left wrist solidly a quarter of the way down his forearm .
tr	I	I 'm trying figure to out exactly how I did ' that . '
tr	O	They are giving us what we need so that we can win this war for Japan .
tr	I	I 't didn want to leave him .
tr	I	His voice was flat hard and .
tr	O	It was almost as though the other diners weren 't there .
tr	I	I think can I .
tr	O	Between Adam 's move-in proposition and the recent head trauma , my brain was neither functioning fully nor able to tackle big life choices at the moment .
tr	I	Had they us deemed a threat ?
tr	O	Not when her injuries were a perfect match to his .
tr	O	And at least leave the school with other students , walk in groups .
tr	O	I am left with seventeen piles of books without a home , so I line them up in front of the shelf until they look remotely tidy .
tr	I	The police in the rear were coming from behind , in shotguns tow .
tr	I	Moving slightly , he caught a brief look at the enemy the through heavy foliage .
tr	O	This is ridiculous , he thought .
tr	I	Archer upstairs moved , staying close to the wall , watching the doors .
tr	O	He gathered the tattered remnants of her gown and strode quickly toward the front of the house .
tr	O	Anticipation and excitement are coursing through my veins as the words come from his heart .
tr	O	Chelsea is about seventeen , her hair 's dyed that bright red .
tr	O	He hesitated , then reached out and grabbed the burger , as if he was suddenly hungrier than he 'd thought .
tr	O	The canopy closed around them with a thunk , but the rumbling noise of the engines remained much the same .
tr	O	Or maybe they did and I just never noticed .
tr	O	Aunt Hannah 's second husband had been a Brit .
tr	I	She at points the floor .
tr	I	' No , Barry , mean I us .
tr	I	She scooped up game the cards and jammed them in , too .
tr	I	It was like a prickling feeling at the back of his mind ; itch an that could not be scratched .
tr	I	-- She as hesitated she left the bathroom .
tr	O	He held the building 's main door for me .
tr	O	I knew by the way Beck 's fingers curled into fists that he could see that too .
tr	O	And now that you 've got your answers , I want to find out what you know about my sister 's disappearance .
tr	O	Her mind was rushing ahead .
tr	I	The cyborgs and Cowboys were already working together build to emergency living facilities for the newcomers , and they were already making great progress .
tr	I	she asked as took she her cardigan off and dumped it on the table .
tr	I	By half past seven the front of the was store already a brown , sludgy , sloppy mess .
tr	O	I didn 't want to break his thought process , so I was quiet .
tr	O	He would have to enjoy the quality time while still remaining alert .
tr	O	He glanced down at his stained , bloody clothes and shook his head .
tr	O	Jeff looked at Sera and admired how well she looked in a pair of jeans and a white cotton shirt .
tr	I	They began adventure their of hanging up the flyers around the neighborhood while holding the kitten .
tr	I	Moaning and howling , clawed they at their monstrous faces relentlessly as they wailed .
tr	I	He killed the motor and sat for moment a .
tr	I	He wasn so 't approachable according to one . '
tr	O	This time into the surprised head of Cronus .
tr	O	She checked her makeup in the rear view mirror .
tr	I	I knew might I be treading on sensitive territory , but I didn 't really care .
tr	O	He knew that was because , for the first time , his emotions were involved .
tr	I	A breeze eased through branches the with mocking chuckles .
tr	O	Have them radio ahead and have them meet us .
tr	I	He got up to retrieve file the and brought it back to his desk .
tr	I	You 'll never get a chance live to like this again .
tr	O	I went along with everything my dad said .
tr	I	Just Sofie like killed Nathan .
tr	O	God , he was so appealing in a way that went beyond just the camo uniform .
tr	O	The mouth didn 't open when it spoke , but it quivered .
tr	I	Frustration his contorted face .
tr	I	Gray the imagined director tapping at his computer .
tr	I	There were techniques many a fraudulent medium might use to make her clients believe she was talking to their deceased loved ones .
tr	O	she challenged , giving him a teasing grin .
tr	O	The Dead guy had leaped off the bike , and he was jabbering away at it , as if he could see it .
tr	I	Unfortunately , he 's a limited bit in some respects .
tr	O	Like I was going to say no ?
tr	I	She read 'd the translation enough times to memorize it .
tr	I	Stealing it and storing in it Canada out of the owners reach .
tr	O	I knew what she would say .
tr	O	Reaching the end of the hall , she pushed through the far door into a small medical ward , the same one from the television .
tr	O	Out of all the people I had met since coming to college , Brent was my closest friend .
tr	O	They moved to the closest restaurant and ordered salads and fruit plates .
tr	I	He never again wrote , and she hadn 't had the courage to write to him .
tr	O	She could see the corner of the bed in the next chamber , a massive old-fashioned bed with a carved head C and footboard .
tr	O	Her answering smile is relieved .
tr	I	And wolf your , in its true form , is supposed to be able to spot her from a great distance .
tr	I	The annual ritual commenced with an afternoon meal catered by a firm whom with Jed senior had a long-standing contract .
tr	I	It was not going be to forever , in any case .
tr	I	I grabbed my cell phone eagerly when rang it , seeing that it was Jackson .
tr	O	Was it right then to rid the sea of kelp ?
tr	O	The remaining half stood .
tr	I	Again , I 't didn like his tone .
tr	O	Reggie felt relief that someone would establish some sanity to the discussion .
tr	I	The Sphinx did lurk on the of borders the kingdom .
tr	O	I sit , leaning back on my elbows .
tr	O	So far , all the viable options were too expensive .
tr	O	I follow the Story because it matches my will .
tr	O	He had expected a staunch denial .
tr	I	I believe I will be taking an alternate route time this .
tr	O	Something pushes her to help the weakened girl , struggling to resist the slowly closing portal , pulling her in .
tr	O	Don 't give them anything , he told me .
tr	I	Miss Level opening was a door .
tr	O	Without a word , he holds up a small bag with a necklace in it .
tr	O	Now , with their daughter known to him ... was everything going to change ?
tr	I	she stiffly said , looking at her filled wineglass .
tr	O	Emma spun her racket in her hand .
tr	I	They didn 't even have pants ... suddenly Clarity cut through her panic .
tr	I	And so for a hundred years followed that a race for the clues and pieces began .
tr	I	Kylie from looked one girl to the other .
tr	O	I pick up several pamphlets from the corner of his desk and slowly flip through them .
tr	O	Burnett rushed in with her .
tr	O	One could have heard a pin drop for the pause that proceeded the fatal blow .
tr	O	I sit back and cross my arms in front of me .
tr	I	Or did the Peacekeepers who caught get Gale a glimpse of me as I fled ?
tr	O	She went in and looked around ; he wasn 't there .
tr	O	Yet the thrill faded as quickly as it had surged .
tr	I	If her life was beginning anew then let it be so , with no baggage from her former existence left to weigh her as down she walked .
tr	O	Yes , and several million people had paid the price .
tr	O	He screamed in pain .
tr	O	After a full week of living in denial , she couldn 't go one more day without resting her head on his shoulder .
tr	I	Even her mother who had a remarried few years ago .
tr	I	Tears rolled down 's Amanda cheeks .
tr	I	A story needs the guy to still be out there .
tr	O	Would Jordan Jefferies even remember her ?
tr	I	Moist glanced at Stanley , who was starting tremble to .
tr	O	He reached out and took Bethany 's hands .
tr	O	Am I supposed to fawn at your feet thanking you for picking me ?
tr	I	The female tall fingers the object floating stationary outside the ship .
tr	I	They had so endured much .
tr	O	Tara turned to Lora .
tr	O	Cody looked at her feeling she wasn 't understanding his hidden intention .
tr	I	There no was time to kill him .
tr	I	She turned to out walk of the room .
tr	O	The only force of such strength , aside from the king 's own , was her own clan .
tr	I	But if don you 't want to tell me about this , that 's okay .
tr	O	Clare now stood firm before him and required to know immediately what his objection was to her friend .
tr	I	Chairs couches and were broken , and yet sat perfectly upright , as if waiting for owners that would never return .
tr	I	She squeaked as her eyes filled with tears , but she didn 't move or make any sound real .
tr	O	They kept low , hurrying along the rooftops until they came to the fire escape Zane had mentioned .
tr	I	In fact , have I little , if any , procreative desires at all .
tr	O	Maybe living with her father and working for him had started out okay , but after only six weeks it was putting a strain on their relationship .
tr	O	His grin was infectious ; his adoration for the baby so obvious , it tore at Sloane 's heart .
tr	O	I lifted my h * ps to reassure him and he slid inside me .
tr	O	Riley and Gemma went out the window and Cole and I went down the stairs .
tr	O	The senior partners at the law firm seemed happy to give it to her .
tr	I	Dave and Mary followed Buzz to his table he where made the introductions .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what to think , since I can 't hear her heart .
tr	I	Unless I it commanded .
tr	I	But how could she explain that she did remember not the last time she smiled ?
tr	I	That 's why stopped I by .
tr	I	There now was at least a vague air of anticipation .
tr	O	When you 're done , take these birds and my bow back and make a fire .
tr	I	The bustling Market showed no signs being of unusual or abnormal .
tr	I	He threw his leg over the 's horse back .
tr	O	You look in the driver 's mirror to locate them but the angle is no good .
tr	I	She remained in the hallway for a moment , her raking fingernails up and down her bare arms .
tr	O	I glance up and my heart begins beating triple time in my chest .
tr	O	Sawyer stopped in the garden now , and raising their linked hands , placed a kiss on the back of hers .
tr	I	The new Governor could elect serve to out the remainder of his or her predecessor 's term .
tr	I	They also towered the above other two .
tr	I	Aside from that and the family picture , the only thing we 've added is the scent of bleach in place mothballs of .
tr	I	I whispered , to mostly myself .
tr	O	Still , he couldn 't seem to summon the energy he needed to walk out the door .
tr	O	I had hours invested in Michael .
tr	I	It has nothing to do with my profession , ' protested he .
tr	O	Within minutes , we were speeding away on the Heathrow Express and arrived shortly at Paddington station .
tr	I	The story came almost on at the end .
tr	O	Kimbra smiled and looked relieved .
tr	O	The sound is loud and annoying .
tr	O	Madame Fleur screwed up her nose as she glared at Betsy .
tr	I	There were two bedrooms large downstairs , one that would be perfect for an office ; three more bedrooms upstairs , the master with its own bathroom .
tr	I	Ken said , supporting arm my .
tr	I	I 'd already done the laundry , ironing , and on bathrooms my first visit of the week on Tuesday morning .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-four Emma awoke with a headache .
tr	O	Doctor Nelson will want to do a vaginal exam today too .
tr	I	' Let get her in . '
tr	O	He steeled himself , remembering those moments in the carriage .
tr	O	Beth heard the steps outside creak as the officers mounted them .
tr	O	His blue eyes bore into hers , causing warmth to blossom in her chest .
tr	I	I 'd wait till we were close enough to the ground , get a good grip on you , kick out the wall , jump and .
tr	I	Chapter 6 Benjamin beautiful -- Benjamin !
tr	I	I pulled my hand away from my face right before rubbed I under my eye .
tr	I	Our strategy is to them persuade that our solution is the only logical option .
tr	I	Hands gripped arms his , pulled him to his feet .
tr	I	One minute she 'd been reading and the next her eyes were so she heavy just couldn 't keep them open .
tr	I	She needed him , needed desperately him .
tr	O	The bell had stopped , but the street was choked with people , and it seemed to me that some even came over the rooftops .
tr	I	The old blue vinyl seats were and ripped stained .
tr	O	They were never an item or anything , but he had always liked her , liked talking to her .
tr	I	Emma stares into the intently room .
tr	I	But didn you 't .
tr	O	For anyone watching , it would look like they were just two lovers , heading in for the night .
tr	I	The police officers surrounded the pair threatened of men , and the group of five walked the remaining distance , reaching the Dock 14 security gate .
tr	O	Cass shook his head as he stared down at me .
tr	O	I stared into my coffee .
tr	O	* Miles of rubble and ash stretched ahead of us , canopied by the remnants of a looming , thick cloud .
tr	I	It would have been hard for Fat Charlie to say exactly when the accumulation of birds on the mesh wire moved from interesting to terrifying .
tr	O	He ain 't saying nothing but his Noise is screaming Cillian all over the place .
tr	O	Who was the one that helped her through that ?
tr	I	Since Ben always muttered over editorial pages , I had no way of telling whether he was in a receptive or mood not .
tr	O	To him , the fuss over slavery was just that , a fuss ; he had no stake in any of it .
tr	O	Laci didn 't look away but sensed all four of them nodding their heads .
tr	O	The room went quiet ; as if each were paying a silent respect for the lost Guardian , whose bravery saved Charlie from a terrible fate .
tr	O	I 'm dying to get to know you on a more personal level .
tr	I	The sun shines high in the sky reflecting off the of cement , its warmth complemented with an icy breeze .
tr	I	Autumn moved forward to step but inside her sister stayed standing , blocking the doorway .
tr	I	Was it normal to go bananas and irrational over some boy I that had just met hours ago ?
tr	I	Someone like that woman in out the lobby .
tr	O	Silvio and I both gave Finn a sour look , but neither of us said a word .
tr	O	His mother was stitching furiously at her embroidery , eyes down and her breathing uneven .
tr	I	I washed my face and brushed my teeth with from water the hand pump .
tr	I	Distant catcalls drifted towards him as he untied the sheet and replaced with it a new one ; he ignored them .
tr	I	They certainly didn 't matter after the conversation she 'd just with had Jack and Ashby .
tr	I	Looking 't wasn good enough .
tr	I	It a was neat little voice .
tr	I	There was all the business with pimples and bits of your body having a mind of own their .
tr	I	Alanna met gaze my .
tr	O	I don 't think he ever got over it .
tr	I	All his life , Zach had been careful to keep the boundaries clear women with .
tr	O	Better for them ; worse for Ethan .
tr	O	' Would you care to elaborate on that ? '
tr	I	I was really getting annoyed now sure for .
tr	I	Whatever she was going to say was lost the moment my lips crashed to down hers .
tr	O	I rode with him and tried to act as his guardian .
tr	O	The glowing sensor bulb at the top seemed like the perfect stand-in mic .
tr	I	I shouldn 't want like him this .
tr	O	Suddenly , there was a great pressure pressing down on me or my head to be exact .
tr	I	Sharon leaned over the bar trying to the get bartender 's attention .
tr	I	She didn 't have the time or luxury of indulging an in affair with Wade .
tr	I	Not while he lived still .
tr	I	Anyway , we all followed my and father make our living as dealers in casinos .
tr	I	The frown 's he wearing only adds to that impression .
tr	I	A small bit of perfection sipped the from glass .
tr	I	It was place a without soul .
tr	I	He pulled as away if I had shocked him .
tr	I	The chairs for the were family unfolded and ready with green covers slipped on .
tr	O	The shard was almost as thick as her wrist and a foot long .
tr	I	God knows who has he been speaking to .
tr	I	Most of us have nothing but the on clothes our backs , and our bar code .
tr	I	Zoe and Laura had already been carted off by a group of women , away chatting and eager to help .
tr	O	Helen took another bite of the tender chicken in a lemon , butter sauce .
tr	O	The words didn 't mean anything .
tr	I	However , now she to wanted know about him .
tr	I	I turned , unable hold to back my grin .
tr	I	The wind was playful today , the sun shone brightly on the turquoise waves , and the rode Challenger the sea like a porpoise .
tr	O	And Sally 's dad Jay left years ago , after she put the restraining order on him .
tr	I	She to tried remember what he 'd said back .
tr	I	When the water was cool to the touch , he got in and it let spray away his thoughts .
tr	O	She laughed , the sound quickly swallowed by the reggae song that pounded out of the speakers .
tr	O	It gives me a general idea of where the city is , but that 's about all .
tr	I	She rubbed her arm in memory , her marking fingertips the spots in an unconscious caress .
tr	O	I had to remember that .
tr	O	I was blowing off , is all .
tr	O	For some reason , his actions were starting to escalate beyond our mutual indifference and I didn 't know why .
tr	O	That 's when others can spot their weaknesses .
tr	I	Doug said relish with .
tr	I	Savannah 's hands , too , sank into deeply the earth .
tr	O	She was seated at a table covered with wine bottles in gift packages reading the cards aloud when she got another surprise .
tr	O	All that matters now is assigning the blame .
tr	O	She identified herself and asked to speak with someone who was familiar with boating .
tr	O	Darcy 's face was expressionless .
tr	O	Had he been so sure of her decision ? '
tr	I	Zach was empty of words ; felt he like he was empty of life .
tr	I	Most of the mourners had already the left graveyard .
tr	I	He emptied it in about swallows four .
tr	I	Crista watched the pair work their way along the dockside street and felt the small hairs rise on her and arms the back of her neck .
tr	O	If Steve is surprised , he doesn 't show it .
tr	I	Josephine gasped in surprise when an image of thin a , pale , young woman rocking on the floor appeared .
tr	O	Toward the end she dove , rolling out onto the stone floor beyond the reach of the pitiless columns .
tr	I	Ren ducked blow another .
tr	O	Now all that was left were bleached bones , completely devoid of all flesh .
tr	O	The need to absorb his discomforts and worries as he had hers mushroomed inside her .
tr	I	Vel surprises me by finishing the sentence with a flicker of that dry sense of humor that occasionally rears head its .
tr	O	Neither business had attracted large volumes of customers and the parking lot was usually empty .
tr	I	I knew how use to the poison of the castor bean .
tr	O	The two men untie Adel and lift him to his feet .
tr	O	Kimo 's response seemed genuine .
tr	I	He glanced down at his work attire and then back me at .
tr	I	Jacobs stepped over and saw the blood on the agent 's side and coming more from his chest .
tr	O	She 'll be fine there and she 's used to sleeping either with me or Evie .
tr	I	The blue wide eyes caught mine .
tr	O	When ' Rapid Robert ' found a job working in a local car lot , our elk hunting adventures began .
tr	I	I also assumed would you want to wait until you were healed .
tr	O	People had turned around in the commotion and I caught Sophie 's disappointed stare .
tr	O	Enrique had that smug tone from when we 'd met .
tr	I	It 's been fine running since I came .
tr	O	I stroked a hand down the dog 's soft fur , and she snorted blissfully in her sleep .
tr	I	She didn 't another need second 's urging .
tr	O	Soft footfalls whispered in the hallway .
tr	I	It was image an that had taken years to develop .
tr	I	But what could do I to make this easier ?
tr	I	Listen , 'm I going to go .
tr	I	The artist was forgotten long , but his or her craftsmanship lived on .
tr	I	Dario just shaking kept his head .
tr	I	Ethan 's growl rumbled her in ear .
tr	I	Did his know father the girl had been the one at the house ?
tr	O	We will ring you when we have some more news .
tr	I	What 'd she do to make so you jealous ?
tr	I	He grinned to and himself hurried out to his car .
tr	O	We saw hundreds of workers building scaffolds and moving blocks of stone .
tr	I	The hand is back drawn , ready to plunge , but Jarvis is behind him , restraining his wrist with both hands .
tr	I	I hold my head high , my scorn of those around me plain my on face .
tr	O	In life , he was slovenly and homely .
tr	I	He was sitting on the bench , the one they 'd shared a earlier year .
tr	O	What it was that came to fill Tracy 's sparkling hazel eyes , was her reflection , horribly distorted and out of focus .
tr	I	Then I an attached air line to the tank and crimped it with my thumb .
tr	I	Rose slid Victoria a sponge cake into a tin and licked raspberry jam from her finger .
tr	I	Had he become ineffectual that ?
tr	O	This experience will teach me always to get a second opinion before I buy .
tr	I	He never named them -- the subjects test , that is -- and seldom even acknowledged if they were male or female .
tr	O	Or did these people know from some other source ?
tr	O	The anguish in her eyes was real , but Niall shook his head .
tr	I	He pushed doors the open .
tr	I	What was this 's guy name ?
tr	I	He stepped into the shower and stood beneath the flow of water , letting it roll down his face back and .
tr	I	At some point , my mind shuts off and just I react .
tr	I	Upon hearing these words , sensed he that was that for today , ' All right then , thank you Mr Foy .
tr	O	A misstep was simply rolled into an improvisational moment that would seamlessly weave back to the plot 's unfolding .
tr	I	Martin turned his in brother .
tr	I	We chased and hundreds slew of critters , ranging from field mice to foxes .
tr	I	Brandi 's dad narrows his at eyes me .
tr	O	They are too close for you to run with her .
tr	O	It was clear by the middle of the night that Thomas wasn 't coming back .
tr	O	Can you do it ?
tr	I	Everything was wildly vibrating .
tr	O	His breath became even heavier , as the pressure of his mouth against my skin increased .
tr	O	Soon there would be no daylight through the clouds at all .
tr	I	When I the reach front door , I knock .
tr	O	Christopher is capable of becoming a monster every bit as ugly as his father .
tr	I	My brows knit as he his puts jacket on .
tr	O	Seeing his face when you 're arrested for murder will be almost as good as what I had planned .
tr	I	He in spoke a rich contralto voice .
tr	I	Unfortunately , she just didn 't have the experience sort to through it .
tr	O	And then she rinses it with water from a small pitcher .
tr	I	He sits up , bringing me him with as he captures my breast in his mouth and gently tugs on the other .
tr	I	' Netball on tournament Saturday , which we lost , of course . '
tr	O	We went to the driveway and I got into the driver 's seat of Nick 's car .
tr	I	I couldn 't contain surprise my .
tr	I	Not until her dragon had she realized exactly how pleasurable kissing could be , wonderful how .
tr	I	Either way some part of man the would be cut up in a barbaric manner .
tr	I	She could only imagine the trouble he had gotten into himself .
tr	I	We have their letters telling us their experience their and backgrounds .
tr	I	How could this have have happened ?
tr	O	It 's asking an awful lot for him to wait for me for three full months while I find my way back to him .
tr	O	Lily 's eyes widened .
tr	O	The man who belonged to the blade looked at me with more than a little horror .
tr	O	He could remember his father .
tr	I	And wonder I if I want it to be .
tr	O	She knew nothing about him .
tr	I	Before she knew it , was she pulling into the parking lot .
tr	I	Carmine 's hair bristled at father his 's posture .
tr	I	The stirred woman , but didn 't awaken .
tr	I	Daniel nodded to Nick , closed eyes his , stiffened his right leg , and tilted .
tr	O	Lily had been misleading Tommy into believing the she would follow him .
tr	I	The rain rattles on my like hood machine gun fire .
tr	O	His hand gently stroked her shoulders .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to let myself go any further in the chatter , the conversations , the back-and-forth that had fueled us that one summer .
tr	O	I had been silently worried all night that Zane 's best friend was going to be as cold and as fake as the people at his party .
tr	I	My feels heart full and empty with all of the beginnings and endings .
tr	I	John asked as he struggled to between breath coughing fits .
tr	O	Someone would find out eventually , and what then ?
tr	I	I unseen am at the moment .
tr	I	With a shaky hand , I reached out and myself fused to her , winding a lock of her hair around my finger .
tr	O	She steadied the door so it would not blow wide open .
tr	O	We decided to stay away from anything that draws attention .
tr	I	Nicole blinked with quickly shock .
tr	O	He became a favourite of everybody .
tr	O	She could hardly explain that Emerson and Jonas had gone off to Mexico to rescue an old , highly disreputable family friend who had gotten himself kidnapped .
tr	I	Then see I it : a metal structure rising above the wall like an overgrown birdcage .
tr	I	I took a breath deep and took my eyes off him .
tr	I	She patted the dog straightening before .
tr	I	They 'd both joked that everything in the room was probably down bolted , not hanging by a faulty nail .
tr	I	He made his way over to her and her took hand .
tr	O	Late spring sunshine painted the scene a cheery yellow .
tr	O	Why was he just standing there ?
tr	I	I ran into the barn , my high heel skidding boots across the wet concrete floor .
tr	O	My voice grew shrill .
tr	I	Dad 's around never .
tr	O	She didn 't know what else to say .
tr	O	Again it was Julie who answered .
tr	O	Cassie asked , not at all liking the sound of it .
tr	I	An awkward silence followed this harsh declaration , but Claire wasn 't by surprised what Roni had said .
tr	O	I 'm trying to hear the words when the picture onscreen changes and I gasp .
tr	I	My name is Linde Abigail .
tr	I	I opened my eyes find to Maximus crouched over me .
tr	O	On the other end of the line , I heard Charlie rolling her big brown eyes the way she always did whenever I said something inane .
tr	O	Everything had been tidied up .
tr	O	Mom asks as I shovel a bite of Cookie Crunch into my mouth .
tr	I	Joy transformed his face , turned back him into the boy she 'd fallen in love with .
tr	O	I hear him ask .
tr	I	She came to him , and he caught her , back leaning to lie down on the bed as she straddled him .
tr	I	You 'd never imagine it to look at him , but he involved became in a duel there , and the other fellow died .
tr	O	Connor put his hand on Maria 's shoulder .
tr	I	In peace , the sleepy city bristled with guns aimed at the empty ocean , dreaming invasion of .
tr	O	Mary Alice was risking everything for me , her friend .
tr	I	Fucking pansy ... I 'd never like that guy as much as I right did now .
tr	I	He opened his mouth to reply , closed but it again .
tr	I	This time her pale eyes fastened on Reuben and she offered the acknowledging faintest smile .
tr	I	The hermit his bowed head .
tr	I	Chapter 2 On the Hi shelf , I 'm back !
tr	O	So , that 's no longer the issue .
tr	I	If we 't don stop these Christians , everything else will be wasted .
tr	O	I made it for myself when I wasn 't worried about cooking for others so much .
tr	O	A MOMENT of inactivity , a heavy meal and an unknown world do not help a man to run .
tr	O	He leaned over me gazing at the weapons as a child would at a new shiny toy .
tr	O	I saw the van and the driver again earlier today , and he got really nasty with me .
tr	I	I finally left her she so could rest .
tr	O	She hoped it wasn 't the raw fish .
tr	O	How far can you ?
tr	O	The thought quickened her step .
tr	O	To my horror Annette 's mother gets out of the car with us , to come in .
tr	O	- but I 've got to get Isobel to a hospital as soon as possible .
tr	I	We healed 've them and we 've tilled their fields to yield grain for their food .
tr	O	His hands slid across my shoulders and then down to my waist , leaving a shivery wake behind .
tr	I	The minute foot his hit the ground , a net came up off the ground , palms and leaves raining off of it .
tr	O	We will only be inviting further trouble here .
tr	I	While Kiara was preparing for her assignment , Cooper Industries was burning the under heat of the scandal .
tr	I	She reached one hand up and pushed Billy 's dirty blonde hair away from eyes his .
tr	O	Mr. Hodge landed on the shoulder of the Red Fist policeman holding the gun on Jacob , and bit him on the neck .
tr	O	I pull Livi out of the boy 's grasp pushing him away hard enough to make him stumble back a few steps .
tr	O	Was that strange buzzing she could almost hear a cloaking spell ?
tr	O	I really was out of shape .
tr	O	It sounded like George .
tr	O	Brynn had been the only thing that gave Eliot 's life meaning and brightness , and he had let her slip away without even trying .
tr	I	None of them lived through the fear of the Countdown , none of them woke wondering if day this might be their last .
tr	O	But another larger wing of the heavenly army had already reached the launch sites .
tr	O	I have no reason to think that or anything .
tr	O	We listened to more acts , and Chase took us over to the VIP tent to introduce us to some of the other bands .
tr	I	Her dark hazel eyes were and wide playful .
tr	I	The hurt she poured out , the act bought I to the last tremulous treacherous gasp .
tr	I	They formed a dark , tunnel forbidding .
tr	I	Very kindhearted , always trying do to what is right .
tr	O	Word of their marriage had spread .
tr	O	As it was , though , I did not consider a hedgehog capable of such a thing , so I was not affected .
tr	I	Okay , maybe just sidekick a to a superhero .
tr	O	I yelled out Loki 's name .
tr	O	I think you 've revived me .
tr	O	But as I say it , I know that he 'll say no , and that I 'd race anyway .
tr	I	The truth of the matter is that Rice not had told her the real deal behind Adolphus Sweet 's assignation attempt .
tr	I	Deeper down , a crack in one of my fingers stiches itself back to one solid piece , and the last of hint scars vanish .
tr	I	In the middle of her stomach , a gaping hole stared back me at .
tr	I	My explore fingers his skin , reveling in the heat of it until I reach the waistband of his jeans .
tr	I	His voice is as warm and familiar as the on smile his face .
tr	I	not to die for his country but to the make other bastard die for his .
tr	I	When she started to speak , he his placed finger over her lips .
tr	I	Spencer ears 's began to ring .
tr	O	He leaned in to kiss Autumn 's cheek and then stood to glance at the monitors .
tr	O	' Grab an axe ! '
tr	O	He started rocking back and forth , whimpering again .
tr	O	He likes studying , even though it doesn 't come easy to him .
tr	O	I can 't help but glance over at her as we make the journey home .
tr	O	It gets you into trouble .
tr	O	During the first half of the game , as I watched my teammates from my seated position , I waited for the moment of envy to arrive .
tr	I	He had served two military tours and Beth could only imagine what he had seen during time that .
tr	O	All of it was shocking .
tr	I	For months we lived in peace as we the watched world move at a break neck speed towards its own destruction .
tr	O	If I am to journey to Pangea this day , I shall do it alone , knowing my daughters still have loyal people to assist them .
tr	O	The guy everyone had always wanted , that every girl had fantasized about .
tr	O	But Eleanor had awakened something inside Hart , an excitement he 'd not felt before or since .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure which was more or dangerous disastrous to her peace of mind .
tr	I	The recording plays about through half of my fight with Shockey before cutting off .
tr	I	Ice breathed a sigh of relief ; Nik explanation 's made sense .
tr	I	Alternatively , I could my try best to ignore it with the hope that it would all just go away .
tr	O	The hands on her arms tightened briefly as his body hardened subtly .
tr	I	He noticed my shock simply but shrugged as the class climbed the bleachers and clapped , patting him on the back .
tr	O	She was pretty sure everything about him was impressive .
tr	O	They looked like little bugs scurrying to and from candy buildings , carrying their prizes with them .
tr	O	If he noticed her reaction , he didn 't let it show , merely continuing their dance smoothly .
tr	I	Hal knew without knowing how that one that was a wizard .
tr	I	I don even 't want to go to the dinner anymore .
tr	I	The screams continued , coming from a directly room behind that living wall of werewolves .
tr	O	She took a tentative sip , a little swallow and tea drooled down from one corner of her mouth .
tr	O	The big room had windows on three sides , all covered with ancient blinds .
tr	O	He had made no further reference to it after she left his cubby for the last time more than twenty years back .
tr	O	Not with the people who worked for him .
tr	I	Get that leopard in wagon the !
tr	O	Sara still wasn 't a very strong swimmer .
tr	I	His broad shoulders and firm build would any match man in this time .
tr	I	Messick asks as approaches he .
tr	I	He his inclined head .
tr	O	She felt very daring running her palms over his chest .
tr	O	Gumshoe sucked in his gut , and squeezed through the hatch .
tr	O	You didn 't want him to think you were at McMurphy 's with Greg .
tr	I	She smiled at him , and they chatted for bit a near the drinking fountain .
tr	I	He was most much embarrassed to Jane 's amusement .
tr	O	He just expects me to comply .
tr	O	They called out plays and he remembered them late into the night , plays burned into the wood grain of his mind , engraved with a code .
tr	O	It took one to know one , and I knew that lovesick look because a certain Mr. Beautiful had the same effect on me .
tr	O	Besides , it 's a midday cable show .
tr	O	Her hands fisted on the urge to reach out .
tr	I	Thompson is either a fool of a business manager or 's he out to bankrupt the place .
tr	O	Tomorrow she 'd figure out what to do about Liam .
tr	O	She washed it again .
tr	O	Oasis would always take me back , but I wanted to prove to Lynnette and Melisa that I could survive outside its walls .
tr	I	The frown returned her to face before she grabbed at the sheet to cover herself and rolled away to cocoon in it .
tr	O	I cannot live like this anymore .
tr	I	Stefania had told her earlier she would be meeting Stavros on the that terrace evening for dinner , which was a change .
tr	O	I 'll hang up . '
tr	O	And she couldn 't understand why Levi 's moving around would bother Rifle .
tr	I	She would escape wretched poverty and spend the rest of her life in the most mansion opulent in Paris !
tr	I	His stare trailed down body my .
tr	O	He paused as he heard the gentle growl of an outboard motor .
tr	O	His arm tightened across her middle , his body turning suddenly rigid .
tr	I	Give Rick enough to time join him .
tr	I	Her nervous energy brought pace her to a brisk run , crossing the distance to the crumbling wall in short order .
tr	O	It was a plain looking thing , with a bland hilt of dark rough leather and an undecorated scabbard .
tr	O	I finally found my voice , the words haunting my vocal chords as I fought to catch my breath .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , so Rebecca opened her eyes to see if he 'd fallen asleep .
tr	I	I am forever in the of debt each and every one of you .
tr	O	I racked my brains in panic , trying to remember what I 'd ever decided to get her for graduation that she might have seen .
tr	I	The stepped sheriff around Captain Shaw and two feet from Nikolas .
tr	I	Redgrave 's polite mask had again fallen ; he reached to behind grab Charity by the neckline of her dress and forcibly pull her away from Skye .
tr	I	' I 'm joking not .
tr	I	But when he on knocked Luis 's window and called his name , no one answered .
tr	O	During those times I had self-respect , which always governed me the most .
tr	I	He already knew he was doing the only possible thing .
tr	O	It was a massive fortress city built to withstand almost anything .
tr	O	He cracks the paperback spine and settles in .
tr	O	He thought a whole host of crazy things .
tr	O	Myles had guessed correctly , but that only confirmed everything he 'd been telling himself .
tr	O	Thank you so very much for your service .
tr	I	The mutt is 's Lilly .
tr	O	He could almost see the invisible , like a veil that wrapped him and tried to strangle him .
tr	O	There were dark shadows under her eyes , her cheeks looked sunken , her skin pale .
tr	I	Then he looked out at the rock sparkling in headlights the .
tr	I	Because whoever sent me that package did so a only week ago .
tr	I	But Betty had been only trying to right Stephanie 's wrong , to make sure others wouldn 't be hurt by it .
tr	O	Javier was in no mood to be quiet , wherever the setting .
tr	I	Phoebe to tried understand where Ginger was going with her trip down memory lane , but the way she saw it , things looked so damn bleak .
tr	O	Several flashlights belonging to security personnel could be seen on the grounds and candles were in many of the windows .
tr	I	This one-month honeymoon the was only time I could just be a young man in love with his wife .
tr	I	It all depended on the of severity the medical situation .
tr	I	Her skin soft was .
tr	O	Chase drummed his fingertips against the table and pulled out his phone .
tr	I	Or would tend you that garden ?
tr	O	There was a slightly wistful tone to Gerda 's voice .
tr	I	This was fact so remarkable that even a hundred years ago geographers did not believe it was true .
tr	O	We were just talking about him getting out of the house more .
tr	I	He 'd started working at The Spoon as freshman a , same as her .
tr	I	A flaming arrow arced over man the 's body .
tr	O	He would never be safe and George knew it .
tr	O	A loud buzzer interrupted her , followed by a man 's voice from a speaker hidden somewhere in the room .
tr	O	Until then , young fur balls are raised by their packs in remote corners of the world while learning how to blend in with mankind .
tr	O	Jared nodded and the man turned round with Jared and in a loud voice barked .
tr	I	Honesty his filled brown eyes .
tr	O	Yu want to kill me , but dere are others .
tr	I	And had Mairi survived , but at what cost ?
tr	I	Since the oil crisis of 2012 , the world at had large adopted a new economy , lean on fossil fuel energy .
tr	I	He , too , appeared around the to world inspire people to make ready for the apocalypse .
tr	I	Folks talk , and they have memories long .
tr	I	When started he to press the buttons through the holes , she pushed him back .
tr	I	Her trembled lips faintly .
tr	O	My blood pressure spiked when the piece slipped into place .
tr	I	He stood there , staring up at the sky , until a familiar tingle spread through body his , warning him of dawn 's approach .
tr	I	The man big had gone down fighting , but he 'd been no match at all .
tr	O	I peered over the side of the bed .
tr	I	Dawson stepped her around , scanning her bedroom .
tr	I	Tolliver and I rose to our feet , Annie and wiggled forward on her chair to rise with us .
tr	I	We bounce back and forth in the truck as Amar drives over the railroad tracks , staying close to the high cement on wall our right .
tr	O	Doo Ri ignored her , but blushed some more .
tr	I	For now , try your keeping wrist straight .
tr	I	Her eyes glistened as she watched me , small a smile on her lips .
tr	O	The spirits were still there , staring at her wordlessly .
tr	I	I wanted to him lose control , to free himself in me .
tr	O	Doubtful , given the state of her yard , but I couldn 't think of another explanation .
tr	I	Even the wine , well-watered , tasted better when I really was thirsty .
tr	I	Then the beat and the dimmed motor , and the neighborhood returned to sleep mode .
tr	I	I a made disgusted sound .
tr	O	With bloodshot eyes his focus stopped Upon the distant countertop ; He saw a bottle yet half low And no barman to keep it so .
tr	I	The delicious smells coming out of it her made mouth water and her stomach rumble .
tr	I	Milo stood dove and right in .
tr	O	Jack strolls up to the table where Ashley sits .
tr	I	He shook off the panicked feeling as he walked through the black metal gate and to up the solid wood blue front door .
tr	O	It never will be .
tr	O	And she remembered the beating my brother had given Jim for it .
tr	O	He looked around at the small assembled group , letting his eyes stop on Mike .
tr	O	My body shook and I sobbed loudly .
tr	I	Dustin was kneeling beside Morgan with two the knives still embedded in his chest and thigh .
tr	I	She out let her breath .
tr	O	A jagged piece of metal protruded from the ground inches from my left eye .
tr	O	Of course , I panicked when Dad said we were going to the proper restaurant .
tr	O	You can 't come to the port .
tr	O	I hope the child is alright , he said to himself .
tr	O	The fact they arrived here when we did must certainly be a coincidence .
tr	I	How had the entered drugs New Zealand ?
tr	O	Not as brave as some others , of course ; she could only wish to be as bold as Elayne .
tr	I	I shake my head , not because I 'm disagreeing with Janelle ( which I 'm not ) , because but I think this is ridiculous .
tr	O	Not one of my more shining moments , I 'm afraid .
tr	I	Our blood and mingles calls to you .
tr	I	For reason whatever , it was like a bucket of cold water on the rest of my anger .
tr	O	It wasn 't the same as when he told his tenants about his parents , but the uneasiness wasn 't difficult to spot .
tr	O	It 's like God is returning to me a small part of Mom .
tr	I	' Does the road widen out at after all it goes through the pass ? '
tr	O	The men thanked her for her donation .
tr	O	We 're not heroes or adventurers or kings .
tr	O	The patient was very much awake and he stared at me with abhorrence .
tr	I	Except for Boy 412 , who darted away and hold grabbed of Jenna .
tr	O	Gabby flopped back on her bed and squelched a yelp and a stream of curses as pain seared through the flesh of her back .
tr	O	It pulsed loud enough to hurt , like a motorcycle twice as big as mine with no muffler .
tr	I	His face was badly beaten , and dried blood formed had under his eyes and across his cheeks .
tr	O	After all , Blake had spent a lot of time on the Spanish coast before the casino had opened .
tr	I	But the wound all healed too soon , sealing shut around the blade .
tr	O	Josef Mengele paused at the newsstand .
tr	O	I lit a small fire , stuck the used meet onto a stick , and cooked it a lot , burning off excessive fat .
tr	I	He thought her accusing tone and was offended .
tr	O	I might actually tell Jill what had happened between Shane and me .
tr	I	For some reason , the fire alarm 't didn sound .
tr	I	As a fellow assassin , I ask you to reciprocate that honor by me allowing to die first in the manner befitting an assassin -- execution style .
tr	I	The people continued to among talk themselves .
tr	O	Kate 's horrified gaze fixed on Kevin 's lifeless form and she shuddered .
tr	I	That have would made things even worse .
tr	O	The vicious beating of my own heart drowned out the sound of my breathing .
tr	O	The lock I put on Farben last year was to me personally .
tr	I	The walls were covered in tapestries plaques and of all our school 's achievements .
tr	I	We both know I 'm no real match you for .
tr	O	Figured I 'd do it until I decided what I wanted to do with my degree but ended up staying .
tr	I	He 'd it seen ?
tr	I	Zane stood on the balcony , figure his a black silhouette in the mists .
tr	O	That line is one she stole straight from her papa .
tr	O	Amid the large group , a truck suddenly pulls up to the parking garage .
tr	I	Just what game is playing he ?
tr	I	All she think could about was Tami .
tr	O	Ashton is a good officer .
tr	O	Ray 's dead , and is probably wearing concrete boots by now .
tr	O	' Marketplace of faiths , accounting house of none , marketplace of none . '
tr	O	It was unlocked and open an inch .
tr	O	He was talking very slowly , emphasising every syllable .
tr	I	As if need I this to be anymore complicated .
tr	O	Nika let out a whimper in her sleep and Andra went to her side .
tr	O	It was almost a physical thing .
tr	O	He shakes his head .
tr	I	' Tell me about it , ' Cassie to thought herself . '
tr	O	These outrageous clothes you tend to wear are fine for a purchasing director , but you 're leading the transition team now .
tr	O	It was going to be a head first plunge after all .
tr	O	The one or two other passengers had left .
tr	O	Dallas at night is a completely different place than by day and I say it knowing everyplace at night is different than by day .
tr	I	* * * lunch At time , Danni was the last of her friends to arrive at the front of the school .
tr	I	Too bad the someone doing it now slowly was having the life sucked out of him .
tr	I	Peggy realized that despite defiant his words he was afraid .
tr	O	Either he was a real gentleman , or he was really good at faking it .
tr	I	He was than closer he had ever been .
tr	I	The right to a marriage only second to that of one of the king 's daughters !
tr	I	CHAPTER 10 Eveline stood with Graeme in front of the priest as she waited for the ceremony commence to .
tr	O	Mr. Pena looked up to the students towards the back of the room .
tr	I	Bruce Glazer , mechanic his , was already in the back shop working on a Sea-Doo that tended to crap out in rough wakes .
tr	I	I was a married woman and Hanson Miss was available .
tr	I	He set the new down beer on the table and picked his old one up off the floor .
tr	I	Once through the doors Grace the felt sting of tears .
tr	I	The of corners her mouth twitched .
tr	O	Lex grabbed his arm .
tr	O	It was a decent place to break , so I went to the kitchen and searched the fridge and cabinets .
tr	O	It catches my eye as the light filters through the bronze glass .
tr	I	After stripping the beds and getting started the on mound of laundry , she cleaned the bathrooms , vacuumed , dusted , and even cleaned the windows .
tr	O	A head peered around one of the curtains draped across that same window for a fraction of a second too long .
tr	O	Had she ever cared at all ?
tr	I	Deckard started the up car and drove out of the alley . .
tr	O	She leans up and takes a gentle bite out of my bottom lip .
tr	I	The paper on my chest sparked with blue pale and the tentacles fell away , as if singed by fire .
tr	O	What would they say ?
tr	O	This is why I love Ironside .
tr	I	Powerful men their want women looking and acting a certain way .
tr	I	I haven 't had a to chance be anybody yet .
tr	O	Through this blindness the zealot incurred the wrath of those who ruled the city ; coming to be feared as the Dark Magus .
tr	I	He kissed her softly on the lips and from somewhere deep in her throat made she the purring sound he found adorable .
tr	O	If Brian wasn 't able to come into my office , he would have found another way .
tr	O	And that was the problem .
tr	I	He own 'll Isaiah .
tr	I	At first , I she assumed was busy .
tr	I	' But do you think 'll they really protect us ? '
tr	O	Operation should be over in a couple of days .
tr	I	He slid the nail file on the clippers into useable a position and scraped sand , and any other material hiding under his nails .
tr	O	They were Mary 's two rehabilitation assistants , two dachshunds .
tr	I	He his brought entire pack .
tr	I	Gray 's little in room the shed .
tr	O	I leveled him with a look .
tr	I	His isn resume 't online .
tr	I	The village was in a mood festive .
tr	O	' I 'm fine now , Jasper , ' she countered .
tr	I	There aren ´ many t people around .
tr	O	Maybe he was glad .
tr	I	Odd the how truth had the power to hurt so much , Cristina thought now .
tr	O	He was quiet , as if he was thinking about his answer very carefully .
tr	O	I watch them every day with pleasure .
tr	O	Keller had meant that she and Galen could study the scrolls separately that night .
tr	O	Eric 's moan was heartfelt .
tr	I	I shook my head frustration in .
tr	I	Immediately , his anxious expression smoothed , and he smiled , another making chunk of ice in Violet evaporate like steam .
tr	I	Sarah appreciated his question but knew there more was to it .
tr	I	It was his to job see to the needs of the personnel and the requests and complaints of the civilians .
tr	O	Tears streaked down Rachel 's pretty face .
tr	O	He wondered if they had consciously made the decision to switch lines or if it was just good fortune .
tr	I	This delay was ridiculous getting !
tr	I	I shook hands with the Inspector , who placed his hand on shoulder my , smiled and told me again not to worry .
tr	O	I did not dare scratch it , because that would give me away .
tr	I	She rose from the bed and smoothed her skirts , wishing she didn 't so look bloody awful .
tr	O	He definitely isn 't here .
tr	O	The Undead could remember , couldn 't they ?
tr	I	What good was telepathy if it could not penetrate veil the of lies that seemed to surround everyone ?
tr	O	Why had he not seen her weakness ?
tr	O	There were two worlds , two different realities , and they each held their own powerful secrets .
tr	I	The lock was pretty flimsy : not only Damon but either she or Elena have could easily forced it open .
tr	O	She might not know ... well , anything about him ... but she knew him , trusted him , not this angel .
tr	I	But without her around , he 't didn know what to do with himself .
tr	O	Please find forgiveness in your hearts .
tr	O	Each time , I 'd been down ... sad about my lot in life , seeking reassurance that wasn 't to be found .
tr	I	Marie grinned kissed and her mom 's cheek .
tr	I	The man who joined us for lunch a few hours later was an Intelligence Analyst for the 's FBI Criminal Investigative Division .
tr	I	But then , as I remember spooky the feeling in the air on my way home , I shiver .
tr	I	He sat me beside and shifted his attention to my stomach .
tr	O	And when he did , I would be his prey .
tr	I	It felt hot slimy and , with a texture that was distinctly ... inhuman .
tr	I	He levered himself up onto the pontoon and at glared her .
tr	I	I 've tried to thinking avoid about the fact that I won 't have Six this year .
tr	I	He really liked a sunset was that not cliché .
tr	O	With all our hopes and dreams .
tr	I	The stewardess the at plane ushered her forward , which put her somewhat at ease .
tr	I	How had Myra managed without guidance the of someone who understood where she came from ?
tr	I	He shakes his head , smiles like he reckons he dealing 's with an idiot .
tr	O	He pushed her away from him and held her there .
tr	I	More power glided her into , sinking into her skin and bone .
tr	I	Despite the fact you smell like an illegal cabinet liquor exploded .
tr	I	He 'd just sat down at his when desk his cell phone chirped .
tr	O	They had come out in time to see the giant 's expression change from pride to confusion .
tr	I	I turned Jill to .
tr	O	You may not want to tag along this time .
tr	O	Like Linda Lake she had burgundy nails but of course , wedding and engagement rings .
tr	I	Given the obvious time , trouble , and energy she 'd put into her appearance , I imagined the lint would bother more her .
tr	I	The men who 'll do so are down among you now , waiting to roll into her the water .
tr	I	Maybe had he simply wanted to forget me .
tr	O	Paul landed on his back as a result of John 's attack .
tr	I	I tried keep to my voice down , but of course everyone heard me .
tr	O	One shot hit Riddick square in the back .
tr	O	I nod and rub my stiff neck .
tr	I	My mother looked at me , and I could she see knew that I was feeling bad .
tr	O	Well , minus the whole running thing .
tr	O	And while I couldn 't blame them for trying , I would get first pick no matter what .
tr	O	Knox gives me an irresistibly devastating smile .
tr	I	She was running away from them , trying to her save life .
tr	O	At least I hope so .
tr	O	She had smelled it often enough as a child when the DPS was still actively hunting them .
tr	O	His mouth was full of toothpaste foam as he absently brushed back and forth , looking at me curiously .
tr	I	Yes he told her and we were not even charged for the either service .
tr	I	She lets her eyes wander to the sides of body my .
tr	O	Mina snorted as she poured Tabasco sauce on her oyster .
tr	O	Kara 's response was gentle , knowing Simon had already made sure Ginny 's future was secure .
tr	I	She was on vacation at beach the .
tr	O	And Sean had never really been known for his restraint .
tr	O	She wasn 't with a typical man .
tr	O	Mrs. Norwood lowered her chin coyly and winked .
tr	I	I could believe well it .
tr	I	It was one like of those home makeover shows , only it was happening in our apartment .
tr	I	Old regret throbbed deep somewhere within my chest .
tr	O	He would be visiting them after the training sessions .
tr	O	She taps her finger against her chin .
tr	I	Before Clary could answer , the double doors of the Hall swung open , spilling light out over the arcade pillared and the steps below it .
tr	O	He got up from his chair and walked over to me .
tr	O	Yet the arguing stopped as soon as she walked in , her brothers immediately focusing on her .
tr	I	Darkness had fallen , she could it feel .
tr	O	Bullets ricocheted off the cars to his right .
tr	I	They flowers send and gifts to the hospital .
tr	O	Blood coated the end of the Harpy with the consistency of motor oil .
tr	O	He rushed backwards , but stumbled and with a pain unimaginable the blade struck his right shoulder , tearing through flesh and smashing through bone .
tr	I	Burnett 't didn move , but his eyes glowed a bright yellow .
tr	I	Had they bothered they have would ended on 677 .
tr	I	As we approached , the gathered figures began to shift and to murmur each other in tongues I did not know .
tr	I	In fact it takes everything in me not to ask if they 're twins because I happen to know they not 're .
tr	O	' Last week as well , I 'm afraid , ' I murmured .
tr	I	Her voice trembling was .
tr	I	The painting had been crudely cut from frame its .
tr	I	First at noon and again now at five .
tr	I	Royce reluctantly his left son and went over to the window , then he crossed to her bed .
tr	O	His leg hit a kitchen chair , sending it flying into the table .
tr	O	While Abby bundled them up , she grinned happily at Brant .
tr	I	he asked , his jerking chin at Dean .
tr	O	The pleased , laconic look Dorian had worn for his team vanished once the last person was out of our sight .
tr	O	Not fazed at all to find Gerald suddenly in his face , Gavin shrugged .
tr	I	Looking up , saw she the dragon headed for them .
tr	I	The body jumped and grabbed hold of Ellis ' his leg as he was slowly writhing on ground the .
tr	O	He wanted her , and there was nothing civilized or gentle about it .
tr	O	One that she was not looking forward to .
tr	I	Tania blocked and slid back to reduce the force of the punch thrown her at .
tr	I	Raven had heard words his , all of which held truth , but he knew she had no idea of the reality .
tr	O	Leaping off the bed , she paused the Ivy Springs DVD just as Everton was about to kiss Lila , Leslie 's identical cousin .
tr	O	She knew the Anderson 's donated a lot of money , but she didn 't know any of them did actual volunteer work .
tr	O	Mary was aware of what concerned Daren .
va	O	He huffs out a breath and then blinks as he looks at me , changing the subject .
va	O	But she 's backing away from me , dropping her own empty packet of fruit things , her eyes getting wider .
va	I	She was what I looked forward to after expedition every -- sweet perfume .
va	I	Immediately , my eyes shot to the mirror , but there was no trace Torin of there .
va	I	I had with me Anthony , Hyde , Wilmot , and a handful of old royalists that served had my father .
va	I	I chip then grunt , and chip then grunt , whacking away a wide short and hand hold .
va	I	All hint of softness him left .
va	I	How could it stand that through ?
va	O	There wasn 't a country he wouldn 't deal with .
va	I	I ask , reducing the space between us as I inch closer to instill more fear and hopefully break him down he if 's hiding something .
va	I	You don 't to have ask me twice .
va	O	The sun has just set and the sky is still softly lit .
va	O	I thought to myself .
va	I	She him watched warily .
va	O	Vanessa and Errol plunged to the ground in pursuit of the fallen weapon .
va	I	I want him to eat me taste and me .
va	O	He leaned over and I prepared myself for whatever he was about to do .
va	O	Must find Steward Nikolas Lyons now .
va	O	Gavin sighed and left her with her book .
va	I	Perhaps this was the first time in her life she had really loved been , not just there to satisfy a man 's lust .
va	O	In front of her .
va	I	William had found himself in alone bed , hung over , the revelations from the previous night a blur .
va	I	Her long dark hair was up in a ponytail and looked she fresh and beautiful .
va	O	I can see a much larger group of guards heading my way from over the metal walkways that stretch in every direction .
va	O	His attempt at discussing the problem obviously hadn 't been direct enough .
va	O	And then it tried to pull me in .
va	O	Ramirez tapped the pen off the pad .
va	O	We went about our day normally .
va	I	I guess they never looked too closely at me because they found so much under dirt everybody else 's rugs .
va	O	I wrenched open the red velvet drapes and dazzling sunshine flooded my room .
va	I	Taking a deep breath , he took best the scythe off the wall instead .
va	I	I like what do I .
va	I	You wouldn 't have been able to understand , and you have would upset her .
va	I	You should it watch .
va	I	Keira hauled was back .
va	O	I 'd missed Jake more than I wanted to admit .
va	O	Tar sighed one of those big , expansive sighs .
va	I	Ed and Jonna had purposely created defect the in the stamping tooling .
va	O	His eyes gleamed with eagerness .
va	I	There is so much that everyone understands else intrinsically .
va	I	A woman representing the pharmaceutical giants to wanted flog these vaccines to us .
va	I	He smiling keeps , but doesn 't laugh .
va	O	As Helen opened her mouth to protest , Simon continued .
va	I	Stray wandered dogs through the rubble , threatened by the leopard .
va	I	Jack 's jaw so clenched tightly he thought his teeth would crack as he listened to Sam .
va	I	Reginald silently thanked for him the courtesy .
va	I	An investment who banker was also a socialite ; he 'd met her at an art exhibition .
va	O	It wasn 't a request .
va	I	I tried had for ten years .
va	I	Schultz had him in a fierce bear hug a moment later and the raised bread and butter to his lips .
va	I	I when winced the realization came , when Brianna 's words registered with her warning .
va	I	She let lead him her out into the living room .
va	O	If you walked up to them with your Coalition pulse rifle , they would swarm .
va	O	The guard nodded and stepped away from the car .
va	I	He could ride anything anywhere so a gallop bareback down the paddock was too easy .
va	I	It 's bright here , so bright I 't can open my eyes all the way right off , and I 'm flat on my face .
va	O	His eyes were open and they stared up as I leaned over him .
va	O	The red notebook slid out of the sheets and flopped to the floor .
va	I	We are compensated for getting rid of criminals and missions other .
va	I	The crossing on main the road that leads to that line has been torn up for a few years now .
va	O	Abby , have you filed for a deferment ?
va	O	Do not think me inappropriate but I was wondering if I could stay on at Manor Minor .
va	I	The windowless stone walls were light gray and smooth the to touch .
va	I	Tried to volunteer me a for weapons test .
va	I	There was a stool in one corner and when he entered the a cage sentry wrenched the staff from his hand .
va	I	She tried to slip past his defenses , but was he blocking her thoughts .
va	I	Joe B. reached to take her up his in arms , to caress her straining muscles and coo her mind into calm .
va	I	He slid his down hands her arms , burning her skin and causing heated ripples of awareness to pool in her core .
va	I	Without another word , he turned around and sauntered down the path toward exit the .
va	I	Squires the slammed door , spun the large ringed key , and tossed it into a far corner .
va	I	I shoved shoulder his , producing a smile on his face .
va	O	We continued walking to the clearing outside the Black Heights where we had left all the wounded humans and vampires .
va	O	She was my assignment .
va	O	I stand up and run to the window .
va	O	Jen rested her hand on Jamie 's leg .
va	I	I 'd been just curious .
va	O	said a tall , thin man who stood behind the front counter .
va	O	Mrs. Banning threw the first flower on the coffin .
va	O	Instead of answering , Kit tugged playfully on his arm , pulling him forward until his body brushed up and down hers .
va	O	All three of them nodded and sat back down in their chairs .
va	O	That thought reminded her of the potatoes , and Sam glanced toward the sink .
va	I	Callum stared her at .
va	I	My nose told me she was dead and had been so for at two least days .
va	O	I rushed out of the door and Luke followed me down the stairs .
va	O	I watched him in awe as he touched me as if I would break .
va	O	He was so tireless .
va	O	They rushed her to the hospital in hopes that she would soon be revived .
va	O	Frank looked down at the river , wishing with ever atom of his being that he knew the answer to that particular question .
va	O	When I came around , Hank was covered in blood , and he looked exhausted .
va	I	Blood rained on down me as I lay there , choking on my own blood .
va	O	The sound echoed across the base to where Tucker was lying .
va	I	I touched the bruise softly and she smiled the just tiniest bit .
va	O	He slipped his hand off my cheek , placing it over where mine rested against his chest .
va	O	He dipped his head to the space between my neck and shoulder , inhaling deeply .
va	I	she asked bartender the .
va	O	I slipped behind him ever so quietly and shot the bastard in the back of my head with my Webley .
va	O	I didn 't want to add Allegra to the list .
va	O	Lily and Kimball both turned their attention fully upon him , their faces bearing identical expressions of , well ... befuddlement .
va	I	She smiled and the patted screaming baby in her arms .
va	O	It 's all automatic .
va	O	As they walked they couldn 't help notice to looks the fear and panic in people 's eyes .
va	O	Go on with life as if nothing was abnormal ?
va	I	Yes , to come Cannes .
va	O	I stare up at him , and his eyes are filled with earnest tenderness .
va	I	' We can put up you in a hotel or something if you 'd prefer .
va	I	Caitlin could not move , and the force of his was hand hurting her .
va	I	His sons stepped back in alarm , but paid Bob no attention .
va	I	Shuffling from people home to home every six months against their will ?
va	I	Jagger nowhere was in sight .
va	I	Most men could take not their eyes off her .
va	I	Since the answer to that question was , ' A told ghost me , ' I was struggling to find a response .
va	O	He tore off a piece with his teeth and noticed Boots hadn 't moved .
va	O	Seeing the success of the pattern , he threw two more to his sides where the men were thickest .
va	I	Even the of size the human body is determined by these constants .
va	O	He had forgotten Budda 's name because he hadn 't heard it since they were introduced at Ellie 's place .
va	I	Get a condom fucking .
va	O	She was drenched and ready for him .
va	O	Xander asked his friend , determined not to focus too much on his own woes .
va	O	That way everything is nice and public , and both our interests are protected .
va	I	The crashing vibrations consumed me in huge one powerful wash of energy .
va	O	She shrugged and grabbed her broomstick heading out the door briskly .
va	I	He listened vaguely , still drinking those in flickering visions of little Danika .
va	O	And she really did , now that her mind was freed from the bondage of fear .
va	O	Dalby got in our vehicle and we continued on to our original destination ... the Aussie compound .
va	I	At this point he took off his hat put and it on the lectern , then he unbuttoned his jacket and laid it over his hat .
va	I	she asked , I and shrugged .
va	I	She can 't imaging the bookkeeper clumsy wandering into The Dry herself .
va	I	Not they because 're trying to steal it !
va	O	You can see that I left a deposit there in the bank .
va	I	It did have a chandelier swinging above high me in the vaulted ceiling .
va	I	Or let go 's somewhere else ?
va	O	The problem was simple .
va	I	I swung my arms over my head and down ducked .
va	I	He the strokes flesh of his blind eye .
va	O	She was hungry but apparently , she was too lazy to stand .
va	O	His presence was just ... commanding .
va	I	They were surrounded by reporters trying still to get a rise out of Chris and Duff .
va	I	According to Deanna , he 'd begun someone seeing a few weeks ago .
va	O	I tried to slow my racing heart while mortification reddened my face .
va	O	And you know what ?
va	I	He was practically human still .
va	O	Maybe he 'll make a sandwich for himself .
va	I	The four of them raced up the last few steps and leaped through the of curl tail that circled the entrance .
va	O	Then he spoke quietly .
va	O	As if every piece of information in the universe needed to be questioned and answered that instant or the world would fail .
va	I	Whoever are you , thank you .
va	O	My gas mask clad adversary followed me down here .
va	O	It was my fear of all fears ~ putting myself out there for someone only to have them not want me in return .
va	O	Mrs. Randall drew a deep breath and continued with a quivering smile .
va	O	We should be on our way , shouldn 't we ?
va	O	Deep joy flooded me .
va	O	And then it hit me .
va	I	Something hit him hard in his side , penetrating his rib cage , breaking bones as went it .
va	O	Lifting a glass from the nightstand , Beth pressed a straw to her lips , and responded .
va	O	He marked the golden points by pencil marks .
va	I	Hari gripped her shoulders as if he was to going shake her .
va	O	Now I knew why I was still single !
va	O	It was entirely too cold to be out there in a short-sleeve T-shirt and shorts , and I wished I 'd brought my hoodie .
va	O	The crown prince had ordered him saddled and hoped to break him that very morning , hoping to succeed where all others had failed .
va	O	' -- just sat there for a minute on set during the ads trying to decode these 32 numbers while drinking coffee and scoffing donuts . '
va	O	And if I wasn 't here , I think I 'd want to talk to Penny every day , too .
va	I	He gazed down at the woman he 'd the spent most amazing night with .
va	I	And this was a he question wanted to avoid as fiercely .
va	I	I before asked taking a nip at her earlobe .
va	O	His muscles were knotted .
va	I	Her giggle his sparked laughter .
va	I	He probably 've would let her go , but he didn 't think that was it .
va	O	In response the crowd booed .
va	I	I chewed on the end of pen my .
va	O	I knocked , but when there was no response after a few minutes , Ernie shrugged and opened the door .
va	O	And there wasn 't a damned thing she could do about it .
va	O	He believed in making his own fate ... or luck .
va	O	I 'm thankful because my legs are like jelly with nervousness .
va	O	I 've changed my mind .
va	O	The faerie warrior reeled back , and Helen shot again .
va	O	She hadn 't realized that she 'd been holding her breath in expectation .
va	O	They were going to make me choose .
va	I	I mentally reiterated my interest in getting guidebook a .
va	I	She felt a sudden apprehension as he drove across , but the Durango emerged onto the without road the slightest hesitation .
va	I	Maybe not , but something stirring was uneasily in her head .
va	I	And then he held his arms out at his sides and fell backward off cliff the .
va	I	He was just as determined to kil me as Jasmine had been to sacrifice to Morgan Loki .
va	O	Ruth Ellen asked him over and over again to look for Elaine , but it was like trying to find a needle in a haystack .
va	O	The voices of the children playing outside in the snow came through the windows .
va	I	They both turned him on .
va	O	The Simon I 'd seen at the window of Adam 's shack could very well be running around the swamp on four paws .
va	O	A slow smile formed on his face .
va	O	She was mocking Austin .
va	I	Was happened what at the school so stressful that he just snapped ?
va	I	I 'm at your service until 's it safe to go home .
va	I	The grin smug slipped away .
va	O	But she wasn 't quiet about her feelings .
va	O	He was starting with this again ?
va	O	That should back you up .
va	I	The new Will wanted something genuine more with this woman .
va	I	I 't don know why .
va	O	Today , I spent all morning stalking an ibex that I saw up on the ridge .
va	I	Roger had , since last week , cancelled all credit accounts card he shared with Marnie .
va	I	Other kids were looking at him , him pointing out to each other .
va	I	I had taking been Van 's friendship for granted .
va	O	And if your fire is unchecked , you will burn through lives and history .
va	O	Mom 's eyes flit between me and Dad .
va	O	Finn stood up and stared down at the man .
va	O	At the time she 'd been shot and fleeing toward the only man she could trust .
va	I	' We see 'll .
va	O	She was going to die .
va	O	She knows the plan and she 'll rat them out to Abby .
va	O	It turns out that each of them had downloaded copies of the Orlando File onto their hard drives , just as you had suspected .
va	I	My dad pulled the couch out and there was a fried hamster , sitting next the to cord .
va	I	Will rushed to it pick up , but I reached the object first .
va	O	The world around him seems to shake and as his hand grasps mom 's wrist , the ground below her seems to fall away .
va	I	Gravity yanked him down fast as the wind wrenched the chute away , sending it off gliding like a ghost in flight .
va	O	He kept to the shadows and darted among the natural ground cover , all the while keeping track of the guards .
va	O	I choked on the lump in my throat .
va	I	With shaking hands , she fought to unlatch seat her belt .
va	I	He thought this 't couldn be the first time he climbed down that ridge .
va	I	Before she could question him , half a dozen men dressed in the black ninja suits stepped from the shadows surround to them .
va	O	Boards snapped and fell into the sea .
va	O	She thought it was sweet how often he went out of his way to be near her , even while occupied with affairs far removed from her .
va	I	Now she willing was to give up that quest .
va	I	They not could have gone too far .
va	O	Packed them up and stacked them in the far reaches of the bedroom closet .
va	O	He addressed his question to Burton , who was the taller and the older of the two .
va	I	There was nothing for it -- we would build it close by and hope our could dragon be enticed somehow into entering its new home .
va	I	She stood up slowly and made her way to the offices executive .
va	O	Rock flipped them over .
va	I	Ethan up holds a mess of fish entrails .
va	O	A few nonsensical verses typed on a plain sheet of paper had shaped my entire existence .
va	I	Caroline massaged eye her socket , smearing her eyeliner .
va	O	Diego stood on the breaks .
va	I	A to suggestion break a command .
va	O	And you could always freeze it .
va	O	His integrity touched something in her , made her yearn for the days when she , too , used to be forthright .
va	I	Tabitha hated that he was seeing her tears couldn but 't stop them flowing down her cheeks .
va	O	Tie rock to tail and throw kitty in lake .
va	I	He is at the Flight Station Service checking the weather one more time .
va	O	Foley glanced about himself , like he was attempting to find the source of this remarkable power .
va	O	Diego wanted to stroke her hair , to tell her that he 'd take care of her and she 'd be all right .
va	I	It was to good be around normal again .
va	O	she asked , still not meeting his gaze , this time because she was mortified at her typically female behavior .
va	O	Stopped on a pair of angry brown eyes .
va	O	He just hoped he wasn 't too late .
va	I	' You ... were salivating , ' said Cassandra .
va	O	That was a mistake on my part .
va	I	He really was going to get slapped if was that the case .
va	O	Walking through the crowded streets , feeling the sticky heat on my neck , I was happy to be in a skirt .
va	O	They seem meek and fickle until they hear the predatory monster lurch over the muddy banks with two members of an unknown species bouncing away from it .
va	O	He took his time kissing her all over ; his hands followed the path of his mouth and he glided across every surface of her skin .
va	I	Inside , strung along the walls on and posts lining the walkways and homes , were bulbs the size of my fists .
va	O	There was no accommodation of a response from Renton , who experienced simultaneous but almost incompatible emotions .
va	I	I them lost all .
va	I	I would 've loved to see Owen 's face as I walked towards him this in dress .
va	O	It hadn 't sunk in that I was quite likely a wealthy man now , something I never imagined being in this life .
va	I	He discussing was something with Rick when I came out of the kitchen .
va	I	Dahlia dropped her gaze to the pictures held she in her hand .
va	I	I as did he instructed .
va	I	Her eyes were the only part of her which moved , tracking the dragons great ' passage overhead .
va	O	It had all been orchestrated .
va	O	I picked up my glass and took a drink .
va	I	He understood she that had had three girls to deal with not one .
va	O	Even though Lindsey 's right .
va	I	I toed the ring then , seeing the distance from to here floor as much greater than it actually was .
va	I	We have known for many years that our are planets connected .
va	O	The Titan 's graying body was thin and wiry compared to the son of Zeus .
va	O	' Anything with a proper bed will do me , ' replied Bas .
va	I	I had to about think it .
va	O	He noticed Malone carried no weapon , but there was no need .
va	I	He ran toward straight the monster ahead and hollered a challenge .
va	O	She didn 't even like ninety percent of the guests that had been invited to the wedding .
va	I	I stepped back as Will entered apartment the .
va	O	Blood and bone splattered the two cannons in a characteristically horrific pattern of death and destruction .
va	O	I believe I know you well enough to say this .
va	I	And how come I 't don know about this ?
va	I	Like thunder , John scaled stairs the .
va	O	Joe B. 's distress multiplied , knowing that copies of this mistake might accidentally spread around .
va	I	Balthazar 's voice was firm unexpectedly .
va	O	I walked with her hand in mine on the way to the kitchen .
va	I	I have check to .
va	O	She hoped someone would help her but there was no one around .
va	O	She took it , downed it in one gulp , then reached out for the second and downed that too .
va	I	' You me saved again , ' Evie smiled , reaching out and stroking his face .
va	O	His hand fell to the floor .
va	I	I turned the wheel the to right .
va	I	I-I didn 't know about that your mother .
va	I	At no least one had called her on it .
va	I	If I break free I don think 't anyone in this room will be safe .
va	O	At the last possible second Wendel noticed a distortion in the space around his mouth .
va	I	To make a long story short , ended I up entwining myself with the Saunders family .
va	I	Then he tears ahead , disappearing through trees the .
va	O	He considered patting the spider on the back before realising they were enemies .
va	I	In over eleven thousand years he 'd only found two women who would with sleep him .
va	I	Only manipulators the could have served .
va	I	Jacob assented and stepped to closer her .
va	I	Amelie strolled over to her hold torch to the teepee .
va	I	Make all his fall hair out . '
va	O	Like Abraham did Isaac .
va	I	It doesn 't matter if she 's or home not .
va	O	On the second floor , there were two bedrooms and a really fancy bathroom .
va	I	Gabe 's energy is smooth and controlled , though notice I it moves fast and tight around his body .
va	O	I sat back and enjoyed the rest of the trip .
va	O	I nodded and broke eye contact .
va	O	She thought for a moment Remington might be watching , or perhaps she wanted him to watch .
va	O	I owe you my life , Lissa .
va	O	He was wearing a brown leather jacket and his dark hair curled down to the collar of it and fell over his narrowed eyes .
va	I	She felt like choosing between her job or heart her was like being asked to literally choose me over herself .
va	I	If Michelle felt it was right , then so I. did I looked again into her eyes .
va	O	It was raining now , a grey , sooty drizzle that was little more than fog with a slight weight problem .
va	O	Shabbat observance entails refraining from work activities , often with great rigor , and engaging in restful activities to honor the day .
va	I	He had stopped taking accurate measurements of the passing of days four some years ago or so .
va	O	In other words badness cannot succeed even in being bad in the same way in which goodness is good .
va	O	Medusa 's blood ran cold ; she had been caught violating their customs .
va	I	Griffin came in a bit after Jenny Kate and left , which surprised me a little bit .
va	I	Jackson frowned and shook his at head a waiter that was passing by with a tray full of drinks .
va	O	There was the tiniest catch in my voice .
va	O	It is probably not needed but just in case .
va	O	Jan drew Jen into her arms and held her close .
va	I	I stopped , grabbed the back of her neck , and dragged her down for deep another , branding kiss .
va	O	- New Friends , Old Enemies CHAPTER SIXTEEN .
va	O	Now you won 't shoot blank for sure !
va	O	Winston gazed , dumbfounded , at the engraving -- it showed a magnificent cityscape with light rays emitting from it .
va	I	A broken of section table lay across his neck .
va	O	She re-appeared after all these long lost years .
va	O	They had better get out of here as quickly as possible .
va	I	Before this , worst the thing Danika had ever dealt with was the death of her grandpa two months ago .
va	I	They stand up and start walking hand in hand towards light the .
va	I	Jon had emptied the glass just minutes before fetching his uniform , and it was for time a refill .
va	O	His gaze didn 't come off threatening , just evaluating .
va	O	Mrs Evans was white faced when she returned .
va	O	I pay the fare and hustle up a flight of stairs to a landing where a bunch of lawyers keep small , separate offices .
va	O	So the conflict between science and mysticism really boils down to one of technique .
va	O	The second step he was used to : sit and wait .
va	O	The roaring in her head started to fade .
va	I	That and was interesting thought to end our visit on .
va	O	It is a powerful weapon , capable of swaying circumstances in their favor , and Born was touched by the young Earth human 's show of emotions .
va	O	Half of the kids are in their third period classes , and the other half are lining up in the cafeteria .
va	O	He shoved his hands into the pockets of his sweatshirt .
va	I	Kane : Greek women weren 't treated very kindly - they considered were inferior .
va	I	They were conducting sneak a attack on the dam either to take it or possibly even destroy it .
va	O	Something besides the misery that always plagued him over the loss of Amelia .
va	I	He rolled aside as fast he as could , stopped when he felt the heavy thud of the creatures feet hitting the grass .
va	I	Everything was riding his on end of the bargain .
va	I	Mr. Noland was waddling about , busily setting the looted pistols and clothes the on deck .
va	O	He strode to the other side and turned down the eyelet comforter , pushing the pillows into what he thought was a more comfortable position .
va	I	I was shocked , maybe though I shouldn 't have been .
va	O	' He 's a little boy , Michael , and it 's Christmas morning .
va	I	Two nozzles at the bottom flared up and bright sent sparks flying .
va	I	He pulled her out of the way of arriving guests , which meant they were partially hidden the from restaurant patrons .
va	I	He steeled himself , grabbed a lantern , and unlocked wooden the door .
va	I	Whispering to her , telling her about my day , like I to used each morning before she died .
va	O	This is why they fear us .
va	O	Mike 's dark eyes quizzed me with a look of concern .
va	O	If I 've given you hope , you 've done the same for me .
va	O	Investigating why the Society is interested in you .
va	I	There was nothing could he do to stop wanting Golden .
va	O	Sitting still was not his strongest forte .
va	O	And then there 's me with all my craziness .
va	I	I wanted to know now , not when got he back .
va	O	But the last couple of years I 've felt detached from everything .
va	O	By the way , how 's that hottie you were dating the last time I was up in Washington ?
va	I	A minute passed , then two , nothing and changed .
va	O	The man was naked , his body a mass of lacerations .
va	I	And then he to seemed slip off into his thoughts .
va	I	It was the salvation of herself that she focused on , and I knew that we would deal with our when problem the future let us .
va	I	He stroked her tousled from hair her face .
va	O	She had done what she set out to do .
va	O	After a few steps , she ran up to Mark and jumped around behind him .
va	O	As a direct descendant of one of the original signatories of the U.S. Constitution , I would offer a personal perspective .
va	O	Because you 're my boyfriend 's brother and you needed a place to go .
va	O	I squeezed her hip and put my lips to her ear .
va	O	I 'm terrified he 's going to screw up and end up locked up or dead .
va	O	Turns out the red Bronco was registered to a Mr. Sullivan Wiley .
va	I	Did I feel to indebted him somehow ?
va	I	I 'm guessing you entered what had the been enemy 's lair .
va	I	Elaine was jealous her of , I think .
va	I	I with respond a half-smile .
va	O	I lifted a hand in a small wave .
va	I	Willow really did want to kiss him , hold him , and with be him .
va	I	He watched Dane recover without on landing his ass .
va	O	Whitlock came in with sandwiches and coffee .
va	O	' What was it ?
va	O	Ryland is expecting more Resistance to arrive .
va	I	She was life his .
va	O	She brushed her cold fingertips against my cheek .
va	O	They 'd make love and then talk .
va	I	Out of the corner of her eye , she saw Kevin and headed Dylan back to the table .
va	I	As Sam assembled carefully sandwiches , I tried calling Olivia .
va	O	It wasn 't an answer .
va	O	Maybe I 'm not lost at all .
va	I	Fortunately life with Josh as part of community the eventually achieved a sort of precarious equilibrium .
va	O	Or ... or ... I pushed a hand against his chest and got enough space to look into his face .
va	O	He eased back and stopped the sensual thrust inside her .
va	O	With twins , this is not the case .
va	O	You must go to her and implore her .
va	I	Then his mind was back the to present , to the site in front of him .
va	O	She just wasn 't a supernatural .
va	I	He nodded absently , then turned the cap was he wearing around so that the brim pointed toward his back .
va	O	The Theatre I 've dedicated a considerable amount of time concerning the Theatre .
va	I	Ruby exhaled relief in .
va	I	' The Meaning Life of !
va	O	I left the girl , abandoned her , because I was married .
va	O	Gordon stomped out through the curtains .
va	I	I against fought it , then I was captured .
va	O	He doesn 't even send me birthday cards or anything at Christmas .
va	O	Rema 's aunt and uncle insisted she know proper etiquette .
va	O	The nudist area was secluded from the centrality of the swimming pools and other areas of the park .
va	I	When the last connection was gone , a desperate lunge him tumbled out of the confining shape .
va	O	Just a few words short .
va	I	I 'm remembering the you things did .
va	O	Of course , he couldn 't agree , that was obvious .
va	I	Maybe could I find some information about him .
va	I	Triggered by blood and parasites and horrible those silvery eyes .
va	O	He hadn 't gotten to hurt the creatures as he 'd so desperately craved .
va	O	It was hard even to get the word out , as I found this prosaic , unemotional discussion of terrible events very upsetting .
va	O	People on both sides had lost their lives .
va	O	Smoothing her hair off her forehead , I gently propped her head up and turned it so she could see outside of the circle .
va	I	She helped him with the that cufflinks his fingers always stumbled over .
va	I	Josie looked him at .
va	I	she asks , rubbing her over hand her stomach .
va	I	' You 'd not better , ' she replied .
va	O	Katherine looked at her with hurt in her eyes .
va	I	Too young to give the up dream .
va	I	His kisses were indescribable , the emotion them behind enough to break her heart .
va	O	She pushed herself up with her arms and looked around , taking stock .
va	O	People think I 'm starstruck and just making it up , or if they believe me they try to get me to introduce them to him .
va	O	Beauty everywhere one looks .
va	I	She obviously had some issues it when came to her attractiveness and he 'd work on that as well , he decided as his eyes slipped closed .
va	O	Let 's go get that soap .
va	I	As she leant forward and started to the roll body towards her , the full force of the stench almost overwhelmed her .
va	O	Kelsey 's brow furrowed .
va	O	I come and go .
va	I	She quite obviously realized that she lost had .
va	I	Rena says mystery this woman works here .
va	O	I clearly have terrible character judgment when it comes to men .
va	O	His parents shipped off for training very young .
va	I	I ask , when realize I Shelby 's been chatting with me the whole time as we weave through the sea of Broadway beautiful and benefactors alike .
va	I	He whirled on around me as I closed the door .
va	O	His senses had reeled from it , and when her tongue brushed against his ... He 'd been blinded by pleasure .
va	I	She her shared concerns about her brother , his lack of energy and the sore on his face .
va	I	Come to think of it , why 's a prize like Helen kept next to a window , where she could be easily so stolen ?
va	I	' Why did do you it ? '
va	I	He shoved a hand through his hair in frustration paced and in front of the window .
va	O	Her chest tightened at the thought of Arik 's seeking out a bitter enemy for no other reason than to be with her .
va	I	He not 's good news .
va	I	We work 'll with you .
va	I	This not is exactly something you would expect to find in such a desolate area .
va	O	He was going to have me hanged or shot or however they kill people in the Brotherhood .
va	O	Jason climbed down from his horse and handed the bald man the money .
va	O	If the boy was his son ... Why hadn 't Christina told him about his existence before this ?
va	I	She 'd from realized the moment she met him that as a King , he didn 't accept inactivity easily .
va	O	We met Malik on the stairs , also on his way to bed , and exchanged updates about our evenings .
va	O	He went right for me , didn 't hardly care about the satyrs .
va	I	I allowed myself to relax , and I opened my to mind the experience .
va	O	Now my question was a simple one .
va	I	His arms to fell his sides , lifeless .
va	O	We formed the Welch Corporation .
va	O	It was too nice to be real .
va	I	I it hear often .
va	I	The document was market Top Secret and Robert was surprised as he the reviewed contents that they 'd passed it to him .
va	O	He needed to think of a way around this or he might miss his opportunity to prevent the events of the day .
va	O	As you know , it channels the magic and makes you stronger .
va	O	Whoever sent this to you at the office wanted to be sure you got it .
va	O	Janie 's hoodie rode up over her head .
va	I	I take another sip , the turning sugary drink over in my mouth before swallowing .
va	I	He couldn 't have doubled back to the party to to speak him and somehow made it back to the courthouse before I got there .
va	O	The bunker continued its collapse .
va	O	Hopefully he 'd follow her to a less than holy place and she could kick his butt then .
va	I	He says you got 've a great ass .
va	I	When he touched my ass during a lesson , I a had major one .
va	I	Will had told her that Adam was the same guy she run 'd into when she 'd dashed out of the bar in such a panic .
va	O	It was hilarious to watch them .
va	O	Nobody even turned around to watch them leave .
va	O	Screams Olivia from the opposite side of the fence as I struggle .
va	O	In my opinion , if I didn 't kill them , it would only give them the opportunity to kill me later .
va	I	HE GOOD LOOKS IN WHITE .
va	O	We had families of our own , families that needed us , and we couldn 't let them down .
va	O	He kissed her nose , then pulled himself up and headed for the bathroom .
va	O	Jack would have a pink fit if he realized I didn 't actually carry , but I hated the feel of them on my body .
va	O	As a group , they fled after her .
va	I	Beside stood her a dark-haired gentleman who looked equally pleasant .
va	I	He to returned the kitchen then came back to the living room a moment later with an ice pack and a tea towel .
va	O	At that moment there was a shower of gold leaves from a locust tree we sat near .
va	O	It was a tough job .
va	O	He couldn 't believe he had been allowed to simply walk away .
va	O	And she wouldn 't be here if her faith was lacking .
va	O	I asked back , feeling his confusion spreading to me .
va	I	I looked down , finding it impossible to meet eye his .
va	I	Growling , he lifted her shirt up so that he could cup her breast his in hand .
va	I	They the reached gateway .
va	O	They already went beyond the call of duty and got nothing for it except food , cham and minimal clothing .
va	I	I gently push back her into the seat .
va	I	The noise deafening was .
va	I	Worry creased the sides of mouth his .
va	O	She was just not on his line of comedy , one of these days he was going to say something that he would regret later .
va	O	When I 'd met him his skin had reminded me of the gray of dust , but his skin didn 't look dry or harsh now .
va	I	Her long teeth seemed make to it hard for her to close her lips .
va	O	Officer Newman will be right back with your wallet .
va	I	Listen out next time and you will hear talk of how the well back nine was played ( so what happened on the front ? )
va	I	Baby Geoffrey even cooperated and did awaken not until an hour before dawn when he began to demand attention .
va	O	We haven 't been that careful about locking it , since we 're on the second floor , but apparently we should have been .
va	I	She had help said would find him .
va	I	And we now can spend days together .
va	I	The mention his of mistresses reminded her of his wife , and that she was now a statistic as far as Damien was concerned .
va	I	She jogged the up sidewalk , feeling eyes on her from every direction .
va	I	And even though there 's no boardwalk where I live , I walk by the ocean every night before gets it dark .
va	O	Like that 's gon na happen .
va	I	After few a minutes of taking long deep breaths , I was able to control the airflow through my lungs .
va	I	Duncan eyes 's closed .
va	O	Without conscious thought she latched onto that .
va	O	It sounded to him as if the poor creature wasn 't right in the head .
va	O	The depth of the ocean did not appear to lessen .
va	O	Angry didn 't begin to describe what I felt right then .
va	I	She couldn 't to go the bank .
va	O	The angel 's arms flashed out , and all air escaped Hank in a rush .
va	I	He patted her hand , shot her a reassuring smile and went back his to plate .
va	O	It was creepy , dark and dangerous .
va	I	I worried lower my lip .
va	O	Will , you 've done it before .
va	O	Rebecca pondered it as she and Laura stopped in front of a haberdashery to admire some ribbons .
va	O	Mr. Steiner has been arrested because he did something illegal .
va	O	Others floated past in the current , rising to the surface like huge , hideous bubbles .
va	I	Megan came up to Toby wrapped her arm into his gave and Craig a cold look with her squinted eyes .
va	I	Sonia stared at door the and she did this for a while .
va	O	It 's been goin ' on for too long .
va	O	Then with subtle threats of stronger action , if nothing was done .
va	I	I wait for her to turn around and look at me she but doesn 't .
va	I	Helen didn speak 't again .
va	I	Above poor the humans he shared the pavement with .
va	O	Now curiosity burned more than ever .
va	O	Paula was visibly dismayed to think she might be saying goodbye to Lee when she was just getting to know him .
va	O	Guy wondered if any letter had ever been read more than that one .
va	O	Poltergeist tossed the impaled eye into the wreckage .
va	I	Tibor have can his likeness .
va	I	She wasn that 't girl anymore .
va	O	With my heart in my throat , I 'd jerked back from the railing .
va	O	Devon didn 't like the thought of later .
va	I	We pulled into parking the lot , and I got out as soon as I shut off the truck , ending the conversation ... for now .
va	I	' You 're like the big brother I wanted never . '
va	I	We were having a standoff Mexican .
va	I	He had hoped fleeing to a new every area other year would throw The Boy off .
va	O	' Did she let you in ? '
va	O	It was just a dream .
va	O	The Shadow became aware that it was holding a nice set of cashmere pyjamas .
va	I	They too are noisy .
va	O	Instead of the clown , a man comes around the car .
va	O	A thief and a killer .
va	O	Her hands were delicate but not bony , and the fingers were long and slender .
va	I	He slowly set me down , sliding my down body his .
va	I	The had shouting drawn the attention of the surrounding camps and as they all knew , the surrounding soldiers and militia would soon be along to investigate .
va	I	Dolores and smiled nodded .
va	I	After rushing over him to , I quickly removed his micro radio headset .
va	O	' You did alright , ' he said avoiding eye contact .
va	I	He quickly discovered that had he a strong inner drive to survive .
va	O	Two stand guard , as the other two lift out a man dressed in civilian clothes .
va	O	But if you do , you will be unable to get out unless you have someone on the other end to help you .
va	O	Hell , he 'd never been so ... rattled by a woman .
va	O	They had trained female Bait to seduce and distract while they swooped in for the kill .
va	O	He opened his mouth .
va	O	He wanted me to come too but I was looking forward to those two weeks alone with Marcus .
va	I	She was in their house , and couldn Darcy 't believe his eyes .
va	I	It was still only late morning and the reverend was of confident resumption within the hour .
va	O	Goodness gracious , she wasn 't some green girl on her first carriage ride .
va	I	So charming to have you in class so fresh out of your time reflection .
va	O	I couldn 't see him .
va	I	Her body jerked her and thoughts fractured .
va	O	But I sure as hell learned my lesson that night .
va	O	We want to keep it that way for now .
va	I	Paul glanced Adam at sadly .
va	O	The night dragged on .
va	I	The basilica of a domed church on rose their right .
va	O	I grabbed my backpack , stuffing the shopping bag inside .
va	I	Verlaine leaned farther back in chair her .
va	O	We have gone to modern technology , and in the end that will defeat him .
va	I	After 20 minutes of doodling things she had dreamed about , glared she up at the teacher 's desk .
va	I	It my 's turn to be shocked .
va	I	His black eyes were thoughtful as studied he her .
va	O	A few good minutes of commotion followed , as people got off the train and others got in , hustling each other in search for their seats .
va	I	Let them how remember fiercely I loved ; how romantically I lived -- how I was a romantic to the very end .
va	O	Something that made them even harder to tell apart .
va	I	Hugging Aunt Kate seemed like whole the world was shut out .
va	I	She at looked the some numbers on the device .
va	O	She dropped the phone back into her leather bag and whirled around to face him .
va	I	Darcy looked at the dress , her eyes in widened amazement .
va	O	Shea 's green eyes touched his face , and warmth spread further inside him .
va	O	Sarah had always been such a puzzle to Esme .
va	O	Now the guy looked ready to snap , his arm trembling , the gun wavering so damned near Kathleen , the trigger finger flexing - No .
va	O	Without being able to put my finger on why , I was ready to believe the young technician now .
va	I	She was stunned , dizzy fear with .
va	I	Blood squirted from his wound in thick a geyser .
va	I	Ben held hands his up .
va	O	I liked this side of Alec , the playful one .
va	I	Before long they reached a tree lying its on side .
va	O	One fish remained in the net .
va	I	I was extremely thankful he wasn 't in mood the to tease me .
va	I	We also ask about family , which some causes inconsistent answers .
va	I	I didn 't where know she would keep things like that .
va	I	As explained I to you earlier , I have already made other arrangements .
va	O	Yet he seemed to end on an air of uncertainty , as though there might be more he held back from saying .
va	I	Chapter Thirty-eight Matt was distant during the sunset drive back Wellesley to -- so distant that he barely spoke to me .
va	O	Trevor 's frown deepened with confusion .
va	I	The woman smiled and nodded , her peacock and ostrich feathers along waving with her .
va	I	The fight seemed to gone have out of her then .
va	I	She , who 'd been raised by the Empire and trained to murder and massacre with a simple command , had somehow learned love to .
va	O	I couldn 't talk my first time and she gets to ?
va	O	I slept well , and I 'm feeling fine ; thank you for your concern .
va	I	A well of deep opened sadness up inside Avery and she felt her eyes prick with tears .
va	I	No people wonder were staring at him .
va	I	He urged her over him , driving up through her feminine channel , wanting to shout as pleasure burst around and him through .
va	I	But his question almost Emma made laugh .
va	I	Outwardly , it seemed to me everything that was pretty much the same .
va	I	That sent Jenna into peals laughter of .
va	O	The telephone began to ring , but as loud as it was , it couldn 't penetrate the depth of my concentration .
va	I	Tears panic of pooled in my eyes .
va	I	Hart hand 's came around her jaw again .
va	O	Marco sat on the deck beside her chair to listen while Cori absently ran fingers through his dark hair .
va	I	But Joanna wouldn 't be about sure that .
va	I	The tools seem be to there , but the successful completion is yet to be attained .
va	O	He once saw her help her father repair their small house .
va	I	Captain advances Hulls and holds his arms out to hug me , and I let him .
va	I	You feel it too , Corinne , I know do you .
va	O	So many horrible losses .
va	O	Instead he settled for a sullen look , seething as only a boy of eleven years can seethe .
va	I	She stretched forth a trembling hand and ran her fingers over the glowing letters her of name .
va	O	Before he could recover , Roberts was on him again , tackling him to the ground .
va	I	He kissed me on the top of my head and told me everything would be right all .
va	I	There people are who would bribe your Captains and their crews to divert some of their cargoes .
va	I	CHAPTER FOUR COURT HAD BEEN a breeze thanks to green a public defender straight out of law school .
va	I	He yanked 'd open the snap of his jeans , pulled down the zipper and he pushed between her legs .
va	O	He was obviously surprised but not as much as he could have been .
va	I	He did not seem concerned about the fact that was he losing right now .
va	O	All my nerves remain in contact with my brain .
va	O	From it , I felt a sense of peace and warmth , stirring softly into my heart .
va	I	I do the only thing can I .
va	O	Mason smiled that vicious smile I saw when I was leaving last time and shook his head .
va	I	I broke into this bcuz computer Op Nine is hurt .
va	O	She grabbed Lauren 's hand .
va	I	Despite the blood , he covered his face in his and hands did in his dream what he had never done when he was awake .
va	O	' It 's growing back , ' Ari instantly assured her .
va	O	What if the money she 'd set aside for their college education wasn 't enough ?
va	I	A knot of passengers huddled farther back in center the aisle .
va	O	I wasn 't ready to look .
va	I	Nick looked sideways him at , studying his profile while JD 's attention was elsewhere .
va	I	It was difficult to tell whether my partner 's voice held or disgust admiration .
va	O	His mouth found her temple , drifted , feather light , from the side of her cheek to the corner of her mouth .
va	O	They were telling us we have crossed into their lands , although I think they now fear us more than they did originally .
va	O	I needed to make time stand still in my mind , just long enough that I could process it .
va	I	His anger had as heightened he arrived at his next target .
va	O	God , I love you , Michelle .
va	I	Seeing ourselves as matchmakers with a surprisingly success high rate .
va	I	Duncan stopped , obviously listening to something said Tara .
va	O	I can 't do this .
va	I	She wished she could have watched prepare him it .
va	I	He listened carefully and who noted or what made the sound and learned to identify them .
va	O	And yes I did try that .
va	I	Dorrie turned to Sarah , took who up the thread .
va	I	Chan stood directly front in of her .
va	I	Security duty was actually fairly pleasant because it mostly entailed watching the beautiful scenery investigating and the occasional fauna that set off the security alarms .
va	I	Hayley had a dark side and was it coming out .
va	O	The tight clasp of her body welcomed him and was nearly the end of him .
va	I	Robert de Sable was the largest of them , the powerful most .
va	O	Later the four , now wet and tired , met in the kitchen to decide what to do next .
va	I	I glide over it my arm , feeling the smooth metal then hold the tiny screwdriver .
va	O	Not that he would care .
va	I	He looked at earnestly her .
va	O	Surely she wasn 't as tiny as he seemed to remember .
va	I	That definitely 't wasn the rosy , family filled future she 'd been hoping for .
va	O	She was extra glad she and Julie were taking their own cars .
va	O	Sure , he was swoon-worthy and real y nice , and patient and funny in a dry kind of way .
va	I	I was almost there , a just few more feet .
va	O	Kylie started the trek to her cabin and made a bet with herself on how long it would take Burnett to start hitting her with questions .
va	I	She felt courageous asking the question , forcing herself to face who and what he was flinching without away from his needs .
va	O	He stopped in front of a large , white house that looked like it was set up as a multi-family home .
va	O	Eric was shivering now , his skin cold .
va	O	It wasn 't like Seraphina was very quiet about their relationship anymore .
va	I	We not 're done , Ian Aberdeen , I told him silently .
va	I	She toward turned him .
va	I	She didn deserve 't it - she 'd been good .
va	O	The thief reacted with the speed of a wary cat .
va	I	Jessica asked , wrenching her mind away from thoughts of Rex dad 's .
va	I	My words are barely a breath the when white coats come into my vision .
va	I	I was filthy dirty , my long hair was in endless tangles and I was tired of picked being on .
va	I	He was quiet for moment a .
va	O	' Come on , I suggest we move ... We 've got a long ride ahead of us tomorrow , we should find an inn . '
va	I	Kali was about to answer him , but I stopped her by placing my hand hers on .
va	I	Raja saw the of flash recognition on the manager 's face .
va	I	He her grasped arm .
va	I	I my keep head hung low down so Luna can 't see the satisfaction on my face .
va	O	Joseph drove down Broadway , seeing the chaos that was occurring before him .
va	I	Selena looked into his eyes and saw guilt there , with along worry .
va	I	Sarah got of out the car and hurried across the parking lot to the pavilion .
va	O	She stepped into a well of blackness relieved only by a shaft of moonlight darting through the leaded windows .
va	I	I stared the at building .
va	O	He looks over at me .
va	O	I nodded and watched him walk back inside .
va	I	He reaches across table the , his hand shaking as he gives my hand a soft squeeze .
va	I	Arguing would no do good .
va	I	They started walking towards the noise the in cemetery .
va	O	Something about blood and the taste , I remembered that much .
va	O	Alec kissed me on the forehead .
va	I	And at this point , she was too exhausted to to try figure anything out .
va	O	That 's what killed him .
va	O	' I got rid of all my demons years ago . '
va	O	Josie didn 't notice them leave .
va	I	At least he still the had gun .
va	I	I want you to go through the applications have that come in over the week and weed through them .
va	I	The conversation during the rest of the visit could only be as described strained .
va	O	He hadn 't spoken to Joshua since that afternoon .
va	O	She just felt that she had to be pushed to accept that .
va	I	He got me new a identity and then recommended me to the management here at the spa .
va	O	Even those that barely knew the girl were ready to believe the husband that Alwyn was a witch and had done this thing for her own purposes .
va	I	I my shake head .
va	O	Might not have even been wolves in those woods but I sang anyway to keep myself together .
va	I	She raised one arm , wiped her fingers it along , then wrinkled her nose in distaste .
va	I	It keeps just going .
va	O	I am not sure I care about the boy , but I care about something .
va	O	Yours is damaged , so you can 't balance very well right now .
va	I	It 's all wasted effort at that point , only the good it serves is to soothe somebody 's conscience .
va	O	He kissed his daughter .
va	I	Oliver asked , if as hearing the truth behind my silence .
va	O	There were so close and yet so far .
va	O	Bull and I both had to stop when the demon reached the edge of the ravine across from where the girls were crouching .
va	O	He wanted me to compel Isaac to commit suicide .
va	O	Not that he blamed him -- the Kingmaker 's entire port side was rattling and shimmying like a one-legged loader .
va	O	The shop attendant had helpfully corralled all the simplest dresses in Julia 's size , but none of them worked .
va	I	Saber falling was in love with him , she just didn 't know it .
va	I	Things hadn 't to had end this way .
va	O	I 'm glad Todd called me .
va	O	The question was a delaying tactic to give herself valuable time to further enhance her story .
va	I	He looked be to a businessman .
va	I	When the doorway came sight into , I could spot father sitting on his throne , looking rather bored .
va	O	There was a buzz of static from the earpiece .
va	O	You mean us ? '
va	O	It was Micah who opened his arm and brought Jason into the group hug , which let Nathaniel do the same .
va	I	One eventually drew closer he until could see the torso wrapped in white cotton .
va	O	Ash had every right to ask questions .
va	O	She 'd come in on her way to school on purpose , because I 'd sent her a text message in the middle of the night .
va	I	We the saved cluster and we saved you and your people .
va	O	Likely to try and flank us because they 've finally figured out that we 're unarmed .
va	O	Seth reined around and was gone .
va	O	It was the football team 's colors , deep royal blue and golden yellow .
va	I	Sometimes your rebellious ways tedious grow .
va	I	He an is entirely different person when the darkness comes .
va	I	He lowered his head to up look at me before biting into his bottom lip .
va	O	She could only guess what was happening in the other room , but she knew it wasn 't pretty .
va	I	Besides , if Erik been had the target of the pool attack then he was better off , safer , in New York .
va	O	His cries went on and on .
va	O	I had enough of my own .
va	I	Nothing works in the with middle Max in front .
va	O	And a bit of good detective work on your part , too .
va	I	It been has six years since her Grandma Sandy died from cancer .
va	I	I knew something was wrong , that your wasn life 't what I 'd first assumed , but I never thought he was abusing you .
va	I	Or had a father all at .
va	I	Sometimes it means getting your hands dirty and doing the thing you hate most so other people might have an time easier of it .
va	O	Dylan wanted her stay because he wanted to get to know her better .
va	O	She could only moan and sob in agreement .
va	O	She looked at the childish face , the angry eyes full of hate .
va	I	Jacob his ran hands through his hair as he felt his ship building speed .
va	O	My dad pulled the trigger .
va	O	Tommy was pretty certain Wayne had died in the fire and he knew he 'd have to break the news to her sometime .
va	O	Sally 's one of the best salesmen in her region .
va	I	The of circle tents around me fade away as if they were never even there in the first place .
va	I	He turns and shows us pack the on his back .
va	O	They were from Hell , and didn 't Hell want us to find the Lesser Key ?
va	O	She tried not to look blank , but the amusement on the boy 's face suggested she 'd failed .
va	I	I don 't know sure for .
va	I	That was too bad because Adam began to get comfortable the with attention .
va	I	She barely could draw in enough air as he tugged her panties down her legs .
va	O	My sister bowed her head and instinctively I recognized that her daughter 's words had struck a deep chord in Margaret .
va	O	I stared after him , thinking that the Supernatural community was in a world of hurt if Travis Jackson was a typical Vampire hunter .
va	I	He confessed everything to sheriff the .
va	O	Between the efficacies of modern medicine and the power of what he presumed to be sheer determination , she at least was looking ... fit .
va	O	Black nodded his appreciation and turned to Frank .
va	O	# # # # NO SMOKE WITHOUT FIRE I 'll be home safe , Hannah .
va	O	My eyes slowly adjust to the bright light of the noonday sun as I begin to drive once more .
va	I	Her faded had nametag Patti imprinted on it ... though the P had long ago been rubbed away to look like an F .
va	O	I lifted the glass to my lips .
va	O	She was not a political disaster waiting to happen .
va	I	I opened the door to Christian standing there with his hands shoved deep in coat his pockets .
va	I	Bob asked , when noticed he her there .
va	I	It seemed as if it was only by sheer force of will that held she the tears back .
va	O	He 'd brought his best friend and battle buddy .
va	I	Then suddenly , before the lanky man could reach me again , there was a body between standing us .
va	I	I drifted back to sleep , wondering what I just 'd done .
va	O	Bill stood beside Chives and placed a calming hand on his shoulder .
va	O	Then his attention was drawn towards the red hair that weaved through the crowd .
va	O	The recollections were both disturbing and a turn-on .
va	I	I don 't think anyone give will their lives for you .
va	O	He nodded but before he could reply , Digger began sniffing at Ty 's feet and nudged his leg with her nose , begging for attention .
va	I	Its knuckles were enormous , and its fingers , they so were long .
va	O	For a second , I worried he might not like what he saw .
va	O	Everything is battered and fried in animal fat , right ?
va	I	As he wrapped his arm free around her waist , he peered down at her with those eyes the color of emeralds .
va	I	She should have through seen them all .
va	O	He knew they were in great danger , knew a predator was waiting to tear out their throats .
va	O	I became fully responsible for our family 's well-being .
va	I	The contrast made him look a bit ill at all times even though there was nothing visibly else wrong with him .
va	I	The day hot was and overcast , which suited his mood exactly .
va	O	Davis I tug off her sweater as she shrugs out of her bra , then I stop for one brief moment to savour the view .
va	I	Violet didn like 't to break the silence at all .
va	I	Lizzie stared at him with as mean look a as she could muster .
va	O	I was feeling the effects of the alcohol , and I was in no mood for whatever it was she wanted to talk about .
va	O	This revelation is innate and comes from the world of the soul .
va	O	When I am forced to leave ... that isn 't something I could ever put her through .
va	I	But craved she the comfort and familiarity of it .
va	I	And none of us knew its meaning true .
va	O	A sailor 's cry broke in on his thoughts .
va	I	Then I cleared my mind , to trying calm my racing thoughts .
va	O	I hid behind a tree , keeping my knives in hand , ready to help where I could .
va	I	When I got to my door I quickly it unlocked , walked inside and shut and locked the door behind myself .
va	I	He nuzzled her neck and wrapped his arms around her , pulling towards her him .
va	O	A smiling concierge approached to ask if we needed any help .
va	O	He told himself that it was because they needed time alone with their daughter , and that was partly true .
va	O	What was he doing ?
va	O	I wished there was some way to get rid of Gena because , somehow , I was afraid the worst was yet to come .
va	I	On these streets , I can still feel the of beating Day 's heart .
va	O	Another of our inspired capital acquisitions this will turn out to be .
va	O	What could he conjure that would stand any chance against a bunch of walking carrion ?
va	I	You can 't him kill .
va	O	I know I 'm hurting you , and I 'm sorry .
va	O	Usually I did the listening .
va	I	It pulls Serena the from ocean , water cascading down her scales as she sheds herself of the salty sea .
va	O	A tiny pink paw scratched at a tiny pink ear in a high window of the castle .
va	I	He have 'd to explain about his mother 's health later .
va	O	That car is terrible ; it 's probably broken down again .
va	I	When the call ended , I at stared the cell phone without seeing it for several moments .
va	I	Good thing still I wasn 't all that sensitive , or being compared to horses and cars might have been uncomfortable for me .
va	O	I let my eyes move slowly towards the trees .
va	I	She held the two pieces of the photo with edges the of her fingernails , as though they were something evil .
va	I	At the bottom where the signature should be was an infinity with symbol a backwards R attached .
va	I	He stepped forward and held to her him , their bodies touching .
va	O	Thank you for delivering Prison Supplies .
va	I	Things you don know 't about .
va	I	A sacred photo of the Master spilled out , along with several pages manuscript of .
va	I	Using her ability kinetic , she knocked the torches into the dirt , killing the flames .
va	I	In most cases , two uniques went up against a warlock single .
va	I	Every train of thought leading was me back to Valerie .
va	I	Hye Soon wanted to be a teacher , molding young minds and steering toward them their destiny .
va	O	But short it couldn 't be .
va	O	A world that she had been genetically altered to fight .
va	O	Christmas passes like Thanksgiving , without a bang .
va	I	When returns she , she comes over with four shots instead of three .
va	I	There a was knock on the door .
va	O	But he 'd done everything in his power to make up for those mistakes .
va	I	Your isn life 't normal .
va	O	At least , I didn 't cause any problems for your client .
va	O	Jamey picked my hand up and kissed it .
va	O	Even I could acknowledge my punishment could be far worse .
va	O	I just passed a gentle smile .
va	O	My father speculated that if that really did happen , then Ricky chose Monette because fewer people would know him there .
va	O	Matthew turned and found himself looking up at a colossal grey face broader than his whole body .
va	O	It , too , was crowded with people .
va	O	He couldn 't believe she 'd still go after saying she 'd marry him .
va	O	The creature was many times her size ... The falling trees were at the midway point in their rush to the ground .
va	I	And I couldn find 't you .
va	O	In her last email , she begged me to tell her more about Evan , Katie , and Ula .
va	I	After a triumphant roar , the demon lowered his and head charged , advancing in a jerky , scrambling crawl .
va	I	For now , the parted crowd to let them through .
va	O	' Well I 'm game if you are , ' Bri said opening the door .
va	O	With a laugh , Claire shook her head .
va	O	She turned off the water she 'd been running in the sink .
va	O	If she 's not at the cottage , or is in any trouble , rescue her .
va	I	Strip away the environment and we are all equal made over time .
va	I	Breath held , I watched the car by go .
va	O	For there was definitely anger .
va	O	His eyes came to rest on an outcropping of rocks surrounded by shrubs .
va	I	I the did right thing .
va	O	His hands moved to my hips , grasping my body and pulling me flush against him , and I forgot everything but the pleasure of his touch .
va	I	But my mother voice 's was ringing in my head even louder than Shallow Lucy .
va	O	You guys get into the van and get out of here when we get in the car .
va	I	The guard swung his battle axe wildly , slightly me nipping on the arm .
va	I	Ma wouldn 't notice , but lately the man old was really becoming a drag .
va	I	Some remote part of Nick brain 's acknowledged that yet again reality differed from the human perception of it .
va	O	He grit his teeth for a moment , feeling like he was making an ass of himself , but he pressed on .
va	O	' We 're only musicians . '
va	O	Eventually , as cold night warmed to day , their raw , frantic sex wound down into tender , gentle sex .
va	O	But she was burning out .
va	I	Nikki crawled forward , her eyes with locked Jax 's .
va	O	Ben 's green eyes looked particularly beautiful against his dark skin .
va	O	Chewy waved an exaggerated hand at him .
va	I	It 's birthday her .
va	I	You lucky 're the amperage wasn 't higher or you 'd both be fried .
va	O	' And you think they will tell you ? '
va	I	When I ask Nurse Kell she says she doesn 't what know will happen , a disapproving look on her face .
va	O	he started to ask , only to have her hand cover his mouth .
va	I	But this man makes me safe feel .
va	O	The thought that you love to please me , it gives me hope .
va	O	Just dropped off Keith and will be there in a few hours .
va	O	I grabbed a napkin and dried my eyes before I gave him weak smile .
va	I	But Matthew wanted to nothing do with Amelia .
va	I	Nausea hit below the belt , and he on leaned the stair rail .
va	O	It 's obvious we both want to , but it 's also obvious that I may have just met my match when it comes to stubbornness .
va	I	The notion that someone other than me having such was knowledge intriguing .
va	I	How can we fight such force a ?
va	O	I looked up into the icy eyes which spoke deep into my heart .
va	I	She around spun to face Sophia .
va	O	It 's always about you .
va	I	Her eyes as went dark as night , softening , something mysterious and eternal moving there .
va	O	Much of the town was destroyed and drowned when the waters receded .
va	I	At least , have I .
va	I	The windy day it was taken had on done nothing to improve either man 's image .
va	O	He 'd probably show up in a clown costume the next morning and juggle bowling pins for me .
va	I	You would think , I thought , from the news we see that war just is around every corner .
va	O	He confirmed that the number his caller ID had caught was a cell phone .
va	I	' We just can find another way mate . '
va	I	She him followed , no longer attempting to speak .
va	I	She loved for them that .
va	O	At last , they headed for the Holy Grail .
va	O	A deep , all-consuming orgasm like that would be worth whatever bruises and soreness I had tomorrow .
va	I	There a was dreadful crunching noise and Alexia grimaced .
va	I	The woman revealed that she knew she marry would the man who would become her husband .
va	O	Never a good sign .
va	O	Why should it end like this ?
va	O	He 'd intended to say good-bye and put an end to any illusions either of them held about each other .
va	O	Power answered his call from within the blade as he rolled it into a strong arc that met the deadly digits with a crackle .
va	I	' Certainly , ' said he reaching for two .
va	I	Beneath his lip one saw fang a protrude .
va	O	No one seemed to be looking at Cain 's chest .
va	I	They have 'll this whole area stitched up . '
va	I	Nathan took a to moment notice how beautiful she was , even at a time like this .
va	O	March sets me on my feet .
va	O	Paul reacted instinctively , ducking behind the broad trunk of a plane tree .
va	I	A crash sounded in the apartment , followed a by curse .
va	I	Marguerite threw her head back she as came again .
va	O	So , to save us both the trouble , I lied and sneaked some Tylenol when my Dad wasn 't looking .
va	I	It obvious 's he 's here on business .
va	O	And now someone was threatening everything she had .
va	O	She looked at the can of peaches tucked under her arm , remembering her task .
va	I	I have might slept too deeply .
va	O	I didn 't bring my guns with me when I left Montana .
va	O	Answers Hagar for them both .
va	O	He told himself that Coach Simpson hadn 't recruited him to play varsity to leave him on the bench .
va	I	But he normal looked ... whole .
va	O	The man was already on his second helping .
va	I	* * * Kylie spent rest the of the night mostly tossing and turning , unable to sleep .
va	I	It goes for about ninety dollars pound a .
va	I	Large , twinkling usually with some inner amusement , and a deep coal black color that looked like a starry night .
va	I	Smith fell to his haunches beside the downed agent and hot found blood on the back of his head .
va	I	Cameron touched the top of button her dull gray afternoon dress and forced his voice to soften .
va	I	My heaved dad a sigh .
va	I	The man wore swirling facial tattoos that distinguished him as person a of great importance .
va	O	' Of course she didn 't know about the pictures .
va	I	But why subterfuge the ?
va	I	When tongue his begged entrance , I knew it would shatter my world .
va	I	I smiled , resting my chin the on railing .
va	O	I cover for him .
va	I	I it imagined was the sound of a vampire about to detonate .
va	O	I did not heed him .
va	O	More fire erupted in the square and people were trampled by the mob .
va	I	Can she do really that ?
va	O	I told him the situation and helped him back on his feet .
va	O	I don 't even know how the hell you manage to go to school .
va	I	I had to clear throat my momentarily to draw his attention and watchfulness away from me .
va	I	Kira and Leona were probably arguing proper about skirt length again .
va	I	The table was abnormally talkative , many of the guys visitors expecting .
va	I	Her little toes hung over the edge of the shoes and she prayed one no would notice .
va	I	Joshua came up behind Randy and peered over his shoulder , then reached out and the grabbed plane .
va	I	Anon 's voice from came every direction , from everything .
va	I	Xander and laughed went to hug his mother .
va	O	I never should have .
va	I	True , I may have kept the wide-screen , but I 'm guessing he wound with up better on-demand entertainment .
va	I	The whiteness flowed down into its wings , the one on the side him facing dipping almost low enough to brush the grass .
va	I	Girl , you been have too long without a man .
va	I	At the end of the day , I don 't think there is any I way could leave Elle .
va	O	I thought she meant the room I was in , and I was confused if she wanted more lights on .
va	O	It added to the magic of the season .
va	O	The noise abated , and all the world fell into silence as suddenly as it began .
va	O	As I am about to knock on Marcus ' door , I overhear the conversation between Marcus and Saul .
va	I	Except one the he had with Kathy .
va	I	She 't didn have much of a figure but the boys did notice her after that .
va	I	There was reason no why the place would suddenly smell like kerosene .
va	I	He stood and ran towards the witches , knowing that he never would get close , wanting to die the way Sam and Lillian had just died .
va	O	Verne took a quick picture and continued on .
va	O	So did his rep as SEAL , though Shel didn 't seem all that impressed with his line of work .
va	I	Both of hands his reached up and cupped one of my arms .
va	O	Ezio put a finger to his lips .
va	I	He wasn 't scared , he told himself , but there was eerie something about these woods .
va	O	My heart began beating rapidly just at the thought of it .
va	I	Despite herself , Avery whipped her head around to glare him at .
va	I	She thought Calla and Kevin would eventually get married , but not probably for some years .
va	I	I swear could I saw stars spinning around his skull like in a cartoon .
va	O	But they were not just shaking .
va	I	So all shall of your race be banished thence when they choose to use their power to hurt their fellow creatures .
va	I	An abrupt on touch my right arm made my heart lurch .
va	O	And enjoy being with the one person on earth she 'd always completely adored .
va	I	Claire had decided a of couple hair grips would have to do .
va	O	Outside the walls , the large robots had finished planting the rods into the ground .
va	I	Titian 't didn waver .
va	I	He wordlessly handed the her glass .
va	I	Watkins began this unnecessary apparently task .
va	I	His face was somewhat gaunt , but he looked healthy as he studied the computer in front him of .
va	O	Nash was nothing but a blur of color in the darkness .
va	O	Inside , too , in his throat and chest and stomach .
va	O	Cats were programmed to be something that both George and Martha disliked .
va	I	I stretched out my as hands if to ward him off .
va	O	When his mouth came down on hers there was an inevitability about the kiss that thrilled her senses .
va	I	I smiled and glanced at the centerpiece of the table coffee .
va	O	The greatest fear that Josiah had ever felt filled his gut .
va	O	Late that afternoon Guy returned with food he 'd had Louis rustle up in the kitchens at Chagall 's .
va	O	She was glad that she had helped Anna .
va	O	She paused a moment , composing herself for whatever was ahead , and then proceeded .
va	O	Then he 'd heard Consuelo 's shout .
te	I	MPD has a history long .
te	I	It was Thursday , and he had only less than four full days to try to win her heart .
te	O	Healers went around between the mats checking on the patients .
te	I	I eat never in the same restaurant twice , and I always find a table with a view of the parking lot .
te	I	she challenged as she plucked her from phone my hand .
te	I	I squeezed my eyes tighter hoping to wash the image from mind my .
te	O	She took Lieutenant Perlman 's proffered hand , noticing his strength as he pulled her out of the trench .
te	O	Again the bubble burst leaving the small banks and the savings and loans hung out to dry .
te	O	You hope , I think to myself .
te	I	He went down to the cargo to area watch the loading .
te	O	So maybe it was time to quit acting like an idiot and give him what he wanted .
te	O	Aquarius could not make out the stranger 's face in the dark , just the yellow shine of the moon off the pistol barrel .
te	I	How the else hell would I know ?
te	I	I call dog the , and she hops up into my lap .
te	I	Tessa , knowing he right was , felt her heart sink .
te	I	Those yellow eyes looked almost murderous , though his tone had been as gentle his as ruined voice would allow .
te	I	The screamed crowd and the boy 's mother had tears in her eyes .
te	I	He gripped one buttock lifted and her against him even as his other hand cradled her head .
te	I	Dwayne was content with his for results the time being , which allowed him to concentrate on other tasks .
te	I	Bryan Raine , a narcissistic asshole who was a major catalyst The for Plan .
te	I	I answered by pushing her against far the wall and picking up where I 'd left off .
te	I	A wail from rises the crowd .
te	I	Not simply because she wouldn get 't her story .
te	O	The river disappeared behind a rock .
te	I	My first experience was far from perfect and I better want for you .
te	O	I sensed her absence acutely and resented being reminded of it .
te	O	Thick dust and the rubble of masonry and plaster covered everything so as to make you pick your way with care .
te	I	I tried had so hard at that first meeting for us to be friends .
te	I	We specialize in protection high-end .
te	I	Winston then walked the to far corner of the room and unplugged the late twentieth century security camera , wired through a small hole in the ceiling .
te	I	Was it you , Gandalf , or Saruman that we last saw night ? '
te	I	She passed out glasses the as they created a circle .
te	I	I could tell Lysander had put quite a bit of work into tome this .
te	O	Brach lowered his coffee cup .
te	O	I cracked the whip and spun in a circle , sending more currents into it as I felt it meet the resistance of bodies .
te	I	I kissed him back , mind my alert and acutely aware of Oliver , only a few paces away .
te	I	I can 't manage another just word yet .
te	O	The story about Brandon is more than enough to spring on Ethan right now .
te	I	Bri asked both them .
te	I	I suppose could I just leave it out , couldn 't I ?
te	I	Ryan 's quivered hands as they rested on the table and his eyes diverted in any direction away from Garcia 's stare .
te	I	I turned her toward and gave her one of my best smiles .
te	O	I wasn 't good with horror movies .
te	I	I 'm thief the .
te	I	He could hear Josie and her mother upstairs cleaning up mess a .
te	I	Slowly Nick stood and took bottle the of juice .
te	O	He was laughing at me !
te	O	Okay , this was different .
te	O	But she doubted he 'd care about anything except the destruction of his all-important reputation .
te	O	She tried to stress the word .
te	O	I looked at the frightened expressions on Joel and Billy 's faces .
te	O	Now it seemed shabby and small , its beauty just our last shared illusion .
te	I	He around turns looking directly at Diana and Marie .
te	O	Should she close it ?
te	O	Leandro sighed , winking at Durante .
te	O	Beside the bed sat a venerable gentleman in a long burgundy velvet robe , with black stockings and slippers of jeweled leather .
te	I	He was before back I could give it more thought .
te	I	Ash gathered her stuff up left and .
te	I	The other two guards stepped back warily but still their kept rifles trained on Colton and the others .
te	O	He promised that he wouldn 't come back .
te	O	Hoppy decided to go for the kill .
te	I	Though racked his brain , trying remember to .
te	I	Haskell had his head thrown back ; Julia knew his own eyes closed were .
te	I	It drove back him down the alley to the wall at its end .
te	O	Daniel and I have been together now for six months .
te	O	Because the girl that got a new body from the flames wouldn 't be me .
te	I	He smiled at me admiringly , eyes his shining .
te	O	It doesn 't look like much on the outside .
te	I	No sooner had one meeting concluded than Dan was called the to visitor 's cage .
te	O	Philip and Elizabeth aren 't easy to get along with .
te	I	Any resemblance persons to living or dead is coincidental .
te	I	As my eyes began to sting with tears , Jax looked away , a expression pained on his face .
te	I	She dropped the shopping bags next to the booth and sat down , oblivious to attention the .
te	I	She not does love me .
te	O	What was not an illusion was the shade .
te	O	Forget I said it .
te	O	I do it to pass the time , and to be part of the club I need to be strong .
te	I	This time , sighed he .
te	I	Trying to life imitate .
te	O	If that was the case than he 'd wait for me .
te	O	She thought she caught a hint of a smile on the clear side of the Ogre 's face .
te	I	As I reach the fence myself , I 't don slow down , accelerating and springing up on my toes .
te	I	Then she put her cheek to Charlie 's , closed her eyes , and pulled eventually away and went back to her seat .
te	O	Okay , that was a little cowardly and less than adult , but it would be the way to save her feelings .
te	I	College would have been exactly where I wanted to go but next there was no way that was in the cards for me .
te	I	He wanted the they child might have made together .
te	O	I decided that I 'd consult with Mr. Lynch Thornton at the post office on Main Street .
te	O	He sensed he was being spoken to .
te	I	The ranking system safety promised and opulence for number ones , but I 'd never felt safe in my rank .
te	I	I didn 't want to ask him why he was surprised his friend had told the truth , if he had him trusted so much .
te	I	He sets them to next my feet .
te	I	There were no windows , but indirect magical light radiated from ceiling the .
te	O	It 's best you never look into the details ; this protects everyone , as you know .
te	O	They are only shapes , tall and dark , against the brightness of the lights in my eyes .
te	O	It 'd been more than a year since she 'd last seen Murphy 's wife .
te	I	Reacher started to allow himself think to about the endgame .
te	I	The ship had struck a rock and the wind had blown them the against rocky cliff .
te	I	I 't couldn look away fast enough .
te	O	Alpha werewolves lived a long time .
te	I	It wasn 't until late the in afternoon that she sensed a disturbance .
te	O	Ambrose nodded thanks for this information .
te	I	He obviously wants to ignore my stab at humor and carries right on into account an of the horror that lies ahead .
te	O	And when I looked at her face , I realized she wasn 't .
te	I	The one smallest and the other were venturing out , blinking and hissing at the light .
te	I	Riordan was cursing it when ebbed away .
te	I	The cleaning crew had already left , so we were alone and didn 't need to worry about eyes prying .
te	I	Redding didn 't hesitate , even not for a second .
te	O	It 's her natural fragrance ; even Perry and Liv always said so .
te	O	Did I miss some of the poison ?
te	O	A breath before he reaches the trap door the main double doors to the bar flies open with a man standing calmly with his sword drawn .
te	I	Tavi back glared hard into Varg 's eyes .
te	O	I liked seeing her smile .
te	O	Perhaps if Wayne hadn 't discovered that he now possessed Eileen 's daughter , the issue of a ring left behind wouldn 't have been so important .
te	I	' Not change another of roles ? '
te	O	Just jump you coward .
te	O	As if that ' lover ' comment wasn 't proof enough that he still wanted me .
te	I	Alexander called after him , reminding the guard he that should ensure that she could stand .
te	O	Pollard gestured at the door .
te	I	My stomach did sickly another dive to my feet .
te	I	Half an hour after they left Turnout Pond they near stood the edge of the sink hole .
te	I	He had it proved in the darkest night .
te	O	Pussy was the one in control of this conversation , not her .
te	I	Again , I had a head vs. heart decision here , and my head 's didn argument 't seem so compelling just then .
te	O	He must have double-checked because ten minutes later Davis was in the yard , chewing out both offenders before firing them .
te	O	He must have written the notes in shorthand or some sort of code , though , because it read like nonsense .
te	O	I told her the good news about the probable sale of my own house as we got into her car .
te	I	He has spent many sleepless wondering nights .
te	O	He 'd tried to be more .
te	I	Faith her waved hand in the air .
te	I	He was at waiting Hearth and Home to show people the hazards of bathrooms .
te	I	When released he it , it sprang back .
te	I	There was writing inscribed into wall the , barely visible through the rain , just shadows on the rock .
te	O	We need to treat the virus , and then you 'll be free of it .
te	I	His hand rested on my shoulder and I to had strongly resist jerking my body away from his touch .
te	O	Fortunately , he was too close to land a solid blow .
te	O	Of course , she had also never seen the completed puzzle before , so it didn 't necessarily mean anything .
te	O	He didn 't need to be that thorough , but he was .
te	I	She gave up one more cough then and held up her hand .
te	O	Our sleeping together didn 't make the problem go away , Serenity .
te	I	I did what I could to make sure the trip wouldn 't take any than longer necessary .
te	O	They looked like a couple of lovebirds on a night on the town , annoyed at being trapped by the paparazzi .
te	I	I asked that it come my to hotel for a pick up .
te	O	Kayla still wouldn 't look at her .
te	I	Ari 't wouldn be throwing her over on that issue .
te	O	She looked around her , and let her voice fall soft again .
te	O	You sure you don 't want to go in my truck ?
te	O	She kisses Rob 's cheek lightly ; Josh sticks his finger down his throat in a gagging pantomime ; and Rob punches Josh in the arm .
te	I	She pointed towards door the .
te	O	Then something strange happened , Manju felt as if she the shadow moved .
te	I	I 'd sensed have your presence . '
te	O	He made no mention of the conversation he 'd been having with my cat .
te	I	I squeezed a worm seemed that out of place .
te	I	Everything that I dropped was away beneath the fire of her stare .
te	O	Jimmy , John and Ben all turned and stared at the aristocrats with questioning looks upon their faces .
te	O	What was he going to do ?
te	I	Then she marched the across room .
te	I	Even as considered he the situation he sensed his own arousal again .
te	I	She slips her arm through mine , herself hugging close to me as we walk .
te	O	They were high school seniors when Carol learned she was pregnant .
te	I	I could sense him thinking while he was sitting to next me .
te	O	Magnus waited for the Circle to return .
te	I	I want to nurture it , grow it , it cultivate .
te	I	His answer came a as sob .
te	O	Or , even worse , an unknown enemy .
te	I	Was he burning Kat telling without them ?
te	I	Her thighs begin to shake I as use my fingers and hand to control the pace .
te	O	I could have forced the issue .
te	I	When the car came , I didn think 't she really meant to do it ; but she did . '
te	O	Was I doing the right thing ?
te	O	he said looking towards his brother .
te	I	Because if he did , he 'd know was she shamelessly begging for every hard inch .
te	I	Kate told him about friends her and college experiences .
te	I	She on rested her knees , frozen , her eyes never leaving the window .
te	O	The countess opened her mouth wide .
te	I	There were monsters in world the .
te	O	I completely forgot about the meeting .
te	O	The anticipation kicked in instantly .
te	O	She was concentrating all her energies on getting the jacket unstuck from her hand .
te	O	All I want you to do is swap that bag with the one in the fridge .
te	I	After several more minutes of stumbling around like total idiots , we were finally able to calm enough down to be somewhat rational .
te	O	They had been sent out into the field against my father 's specific instructions .
te	O	Sara got out of bed and found her backpack still lying next to her bed .
te	O	Sending them to some Reboot reservation .
te	I	I worried that her boyfriend was the guy who had been pushed aside by Kevin , but she told he me played center .
te	O	But she recovers quickly , taking the lime out of her mouth and holding it up in victory .
te	O	He hated keeping secrets from Olivia , but it was necessary at the moment .
te	I	Then I turned to back the doctor .
te	I	Sierra was surprised enough she stopped her retreat and stared at him he as threw his head back and laughed .
te	I	And could he imagine the sort of advice she 'd give .
te	O	We need to rescue the Morning Star and bring it back to Saint Peter before Christmas .
te	O	Since there had been no deaths so far , this class was also left open .
te	I	There wasn 't any glass , curtains or shutters , or anything else that I see could , covering the openings .
te	I	He squeezed and released , his fingertips just barely my kissing skin .
te	I	He turned to the door and again knocked several times and stood back waiting for a response .
te	O	Some people had very light resistance and agreed readily with every suggestion , no matter how subtle .
te	I	I reached and down squeezed his hand .
te	I	She carefully peeled the peppers off the wax paper , before popping them in mouth her .
te	O	You or anyone else , could never treat me like that again .
te	I	It hit then her .
te	O	I ... find things ... sometimes .
te	O	' If you don 't want to celebrate , you shouldn 't feel any pressure . '
te	O	I took it and carefully lifted the lid .
te	I	I calling 'm the base .
te	O	This little bonsai tree will bring you luck and healing .
te	O	Nevertheless , however great the velocity , some mass must be thrown away .
te	O	He remained at my side , though standing , his arms folded over his chest in an intimidating posture that was rife with antagonism .
te	O	There were some things that even love couldn 't overcome .
te	I	Just thinking about made Murphy me angry .
te	O	But now I saw her and knew that nothing had changed .
te	I	James ready was to do some damage .
te	I	I enjoyed sharing these innocent gazes with every Darryl time we were in class together .
te	I	She him felt quake all around her .
te	I	I hop out of bed and search the floor for my shoes , needing to rid get of the feelings beginning to surface .
te	I	Around the enclosed hollow wall is the piloting console around and the console is a circular table .
te	O	In 1979 , it changed its name and moved to New Jersey .
te	I	He read the address : USC Office of Services Financial .
te	O	We made no attempt to go outside during this interview .
te	I	It me impressed then and it looks like it will be a success again this time .
te	I	He looked from Jocelyn 's pale face to Luke grim 's one .
te	O	Then I gathered my Will and shrunk him .
te	I	I still couldn 't believe that I was in sitting a room with my undead siblings .
te	O	I 'm in the wolf dream .
te	O	They 'd had one incident before I came here .
te	O	We tramped across the dirt floor toward the table .
te	O	He just liked to know what was going on at all times .
te	I	Maybe she 'd shot both Barrett and McKay perhaps ; there simply was no John Sawyer .
te	I	I envy people who just pump gas or flip burgers , who are happy that with and don 't have great ambitions .
te	O	Stay behind me , Byron , and keep an eye on the one-armed wolf .
te	O	Blythe buried her face in her shoulder and broke into huge sobs .
te	I	Eric held his up hands .
te	O	All that talk about sleeping with a stranger made me feel uncomfortable .
te	I	I that thought was a good policy .
te	I	So I found her and accepted her past , embraced her present and told that her she was my future .
te	I	It of consisted a little sliding panel in a frame .
te	O	Four guards , two for each duplex .
te	O	He took her hand in his .
te	O	The one-armed man ate the stinking cormorant in silence , not looking at them , chewing delicately because every bite is an exercise .
te	O	' Just calm down . ' '
te	I	He 'd have to something do about the blood on his hands and face and in his hair .
te	I	They passed a colourful print the on wall .
te	O	My heart skipped at her words .
te	O	Her dreams terrified her .
te	I	Heath cleared throat his .
te	O	Bax held his palms up .
te	O	I didn 't tell him where I was living , but that won 't deter him .
te	O	She turned to her side so they could walk past her easily .
te	I	I it read back to make sure I have copied it correctly .
te	O	When he turned back to her she could see the heat in his eyes .
te	O	Damien walks up and strokes the brown horse 's back .
te	I	With a smile of his own , Link touches compassionately her cheek , content to simply be near her , and know she is alright .
te	O	' The simple ones do .
te	I	The ship must impacted have the surface of the planet on a tilt .
te	I	Carmine at looked him incredulously .
te	O	She 's not seeing anyone , she 's sick .
te	I	' Thanks for that , ' said she following him out wanting to put her arms round him .
te	I	Graham kissed her while she rode out the wave , then he increased the speed of his thrusts , sending her up into again climax .
te	I	he said in a grumpy really voice .
te	I	Did you even once to stop think about how I felt ?
te	I	The man glanced once more the to guards , then nodded .
te	O	We were bad neighbours in those days .
te	O	With unmistakable eagerness , he was eyeing the hot water spraying down into the tub .
te	O	He smiled disarmingly up at Talon from where he stood .
te	I	I 've done nothing to deserve to be placed on a pedestal with these pioneers in the cause of justice liberty and for our people .
te	I	Any disappointment soon gave way as the 's song nature appealed to most who 'd gathered in close .
te	I	In his 's cousin company .
te	I	Hugging package the in her arms , she spoke to her empty living room .
te	I	Being in sync was so important riding in , especially dressage .
te	I	' Perhaps , ' she replied blandly , preening her tail feathers , ' but it me amuses .
te	I	I couldn 't believe she was letting me this do , and then it hit me .
te	I	She disappeared into the crowd and Jackson and I maneuvered our way in the gallery to look at paintings the .
te	I	he asked when 'd he stepped out on the porch .
te	O	He had been being beaten for five hours and he knew how bizarre his story sounded .
te	I	Edward gestured to grave the .
te	O	The wings which were strapped to his chest seemed somewhat less resplendent than they appeared at the bridge .
te	I	Until their Promised One Imam Mahdi al comes riding in on his white stallion , those blood-thirsty Arabs will not cooperate with each other .
te	O	I sucked in a breath , too close to everything to let that little spark of hope grow .
te	I	His face turned red as as the glowing table .
te	I	Plump apples dangled enticingly from the limbs were or scattered everywhere in the grass , not even a nibble taken from the skin .
te	I	I am braced against him , as my heart pounds loudly against his , as his hard thigh along slides mine .
te	O	It only took about thirty minutes and he had all the factory workers assembled .
te	O	But they 'll be all right .
te	O	He was even graceful doing that , Clary thought gloomily .
te	I	It was purpose on .
te	I	A blue spirit her eviscerated .
te	I	Jake pointed his to right calf .
te	O	Eugene , we may not make it !
te	I	She followed him into his office and sat down on the sofa from across him .
te	I	She shakes pang a of grief away .
te	O	' For a moment there I thought we were going to have trouble getting in , ' I said .
te	I	He might have lied about being her the first .
te	O	If you put me on pills I 'll just go foggy and not be able to think .
te	O	Kane , the Jester , the master of light , was tapping into Alma 's energy to make his music sing .
te	O	Suffice it to say , the problem could jeopardize everything we are working to achieve .
te	I	She uttered something , but I couldn hear 't what .
te	I	I realized glumly that , during sometime this hectic evening , Arlene would hear about Bill 's departure .
te	I	Victoria noticed the direction of gaze his .
te	I	No , it couldn be 't .
te	O	A scream sat on the tip of my tongue , a plea of mercy .
te	O	Timothy turned his attention to the leather album on his desk .
te	O	That 's the kind of combination that gets people killed very , very quickly .
te	O	Minnie 's red half of her face glowed like my hair , and her skin gave white light around my hand as I petted her .
te	O	Jack 's voice startled me out of my momentary adoration , but I hadn 't really heard the words that he had spoken .
te	I	I through lived the night , and a gorgeous , virile immortal needs me .
te	I	It 's kind of strange to think I never will be married again .
te	O	Lighting fell like rain from the orange sky .
te	I	It shone the in light .
te	O	His hand moved to Evie 's belly and pressed in gentle reassurance .
te	O	Pray to a God of some kind that none of us believes in ?
te	I	There had been a crackling tension all around me ever since our dinner the night previous .
te	O	He sounded like the starch had been taken out of his argument .
te	I	She grimaced the at onset of another contraction .
te	I	After some time the hobbits heard him again murmuring .
te	O	He hates her as much as I .
te	I	A casual phrase filled it with water from air the .
te	O	I could hardly believe what I was seeing .
te	I	We are obligated to listen because we 're family , but that doesn mean 't I still don 't think he 's full of shit .
te	O	The merchant had been so thrilled when he 'd brought his first load of Dredge Forest wood that he had paid him twice the amount agreed upon .
te	I	Liam her studied closely .
te	I	Lara sat there for quietly a full minute .
te	O	A loud rip escaped from his derriere and Josephine burst into boisterous laughter .
te	I	He looked at drawings the that Tom presented to him .
te	O	He looked down at himself and shrugged , not pausing in his slow , relentless pursuit .
te	O	He sat down on the couch and ran his hands through his hair .
te	O	I quickly tried to wipe at the moisture seeping from my eyes , but I knew it was too late .
te	I	Malcolm forward jumped , moving lightning-fast .
te	I	He put a hand to forehead her and then slipped it to her cheek .
te	I	My grandmother smiles at me and it reminds of mom my .
te	O	Look at my Kingdom .
te	I	In response , stepped she closer .
te	O	Ben 's fist tightened over it .
te	I	Unlike Taylor and Josh , he would never leave her because wasn she 't what he wanted her to be .
te	O	All their correspondence had been by letter or email .
te	I	Don 't shy be ; the deeper the better .
te	O	Sunder pressed a button on the remote and the chains picked me up of the ground .
te	O	We were going home .
te	O	Now he has become great , and he has his father in his hand .
te	I	Even with the debt , it didn 't look like would it close at any moment .
te	O	Riley was a part of my life that I couldn 't think about anymore .
te	I	Some that aren 't even maps on .
te	I	He found an identity card that that showed the Pole 's occupation was a truck driver .
te	O	My name is William Cross , ' he told her .
te	O	Kamil is beginning to lose his patience .
te	I	Her answer him perplexed .
te	O	I say to lighten up the dark and serious mood around us , it worked .
te	I	Cece was awake , looking out the window at their green yard throbbing with rhododendrons blooming and lilacs .
te	I	My mom used to watch those soaps cheesy all the time .
te	I	Something kept telling her Franz was dead , but didn she 't want to believe it .
te	O	He asked for the scroll and added a sentence after the thumb prints .
te	O	Just my luck : The first time I saw him wearing only boxer shorts , and I couldn 't even relax to enjoy the view .
te	O	She jumped as another man sat down on her other side .
te	I	These the were good guys .
te	O	Claire came to her feet , staring at him .
te	O	Finally , Chris spoke plain English and included her in their little conversation .
te	I	Nicola shook her head , then moved position into .
te	I	She and sighed nodded .
te	O	Valerie hurried forward to give Astrid a hug .
te	I	He nodded to the manager and baristas and waved they back .
te	O	Pain creased his features , but Shrapnel said nothing .
te	O	Those of us who were gifted with super strength were digging because we could move the sandstone easily and quickly .
te	I	Matty stood up with open arms and leaped Taylor into them .
te	I	That 's pretty really .
te	O	After two millennia , her constant yearning would end at last .
te	O	She didn 't want to share her misery with him .
te	I	He offered me his cell phone , braced then an arm on the pay phone , leaning into my private space .
te	O	Maybe he was in the mood for some explosions , after all .
te	I	She was vaguely aware of his accompanying shout and then swept darkness into her brain eliminating everything else .
te	I	From the time they were old enough to they walk had realized that their true power lay in their magic .
te	O	Thunder shook the air again with even more power than before ; its vibrations rattled around in my skull like balls in a washing machine .
te	I	Eddie was caught guard off and fell backwards .
te	O	The people began to loathe on you .
te	O	She was the first to do that .
te	O	In the middle of the page , there was a picture of his parents when they were dating .
te	O	Benson glanced up at Morris .
te	O	Joey gave her a look and then got up out of the chair .
te	I	Her gaze is intimidating , but I don 't look away I and won 't back up .
te	I	Certainly in not Maryland .
te	I	Nothing about this was remarkable , but his face hands and were remarkable .
te	I	This one Expectation ... .
te	I	He forced a shrug , even though was he being uncomfortably honest .
te	I	Matt understood her distance and helped by being a good board sounding .
te	I	Battle would get the truth , as fast as he write could it down .
te	O	They were spilling out of the material , begging for his touch .
te	O	Jacob nodded at me .
te	O	She sobbed , her hands shaking , covered in blood .
te	I	I your read interview with Faith Harrington in the News Journal .
te	O	He rose to his feet just as they fell from the roof in a wave , a shadow tide blotting out the moon .
te	I	She her rolled eyes again .
te	O	Jude felt Zach shift in his seat , and then , slowly , he stood .
te	O	Jack looked up and grinned at him with his eyes twinkling .
te	O	He studied her and a frown suddenly pulled at his lips .
te	O	Sensing her hesitation , he offers her a reprieve .
te	I	She each eyed of them in turn .
te	I	Likewise , he glared at her dark skin , her braids , and the look her in big brown eyes .
te	I	But when came he around the house , he realized that wasn 't the case .
te	O	As he continued to move his feet a feeling of peace enveloped him like nothing he had ever felt before .
te	I	She felt her legs move their of own accord .
te	O	It was only a fraction of that coming off the ocean , but it was bad enough .
te	I	Ric and Rodrick had been hanging in the background , watching , Katie until turned and walked to both of them .
te	I	The whisper of his breath on her skin made shiver her .
te	I	More used to starvation than nourishment , stomach his cramped viciously in reaction to the first bite of food .
te	O	She might be right about them not finishing anything tonight .
te	O	Maybe not exactly in those words .
te	O	As we walked past the other vampires , I couldn 't help but feel something was amiss .
te	O	The past few weeks Knox and I were really connecting and I thought by us making love it was going to finally seal the deal for us .
te	I	The few Chinese forces facing the American armored thrust moving out from Arizona had taken to their heels north heading .
te	I	I wasn 't going to let that happen I if could possibly stop it .
te	I	She the studied contents of her freezer with interest .
te	O	It barely barely covered them when she went and crossed them like that .
te	I	They were becoming fierce in attacks their .
te	I	You hurt a of lot people .
te	I	Once he tossed 'd the last thing aside , he glanced down to find her stretched out and waiting for him .
te	O	They were already halfway through their meal .
te	I	Julian turned and a cut glare to Paul that would have made anyone with sense back away .
te	O	It took about a minute to focus , vague colors wavering on the screen , but when it did , a surprising sight came into view .
te	I	They the scanned waiting faces carefully .
te	I	She leads me into the room dining .
te	O	Killed him in the doin ' of it , too .
te	O	The butter sauce was creamy and divine , giving the little piece of meat more flavor than I had been expecting for something so small .
te	I	He held up another black hard drive , which was labeled clearly in silver ink .
te	I	I know that Mia wrote down all of the recipes she learned from Gabriel for children the after insisting on doing all of the cooking .
te	I	She thinks ... she thinks I 'm bad a person .
te	O	I sat down in the dark mahogany chair .
te	O	It was all they could do .
te	O	I especially like it when you play that dulcimer -- that what you call it -- Mrs. Larsen ?
te	I	Another theory could be someone like Carmine was basically and clever cautious at most times .
te	I	Her arms circled his neck and she kissed his eyes , comer the of his mouth .
te	O	His grip is ironclad .
te	I	One day we may have to leave behind you .
te	I	You your did best .
te	O	Reuben sat there for a moment watching Jim slowly climb the steps towards Grace .
te	O	She shook her head again and was grateful her eyes were too tired to tear up .
te	O	Ethan sitting in the study , jotting down notes for tomorrow .
te	I	Xavier nodded and she tossed her and head leaned forward and kissed him on the lips .
te	I	Ryan Emily joined in the kitchen a short while later .
te	O	Paths between buildings on rainy days ?
te	I	Ivana uttered words of cursing , down let with herself .
te	O	Or rather , it dropped so suddenly my body went airborne for a few seconds before crashing back down .
te	I	The thought of being touched by the meant rogue she wasn 't above begging .
te	O	Maybe there was light in his darkness after all .
te	O	I 've been a widow for ten years and your mother is gone .
te	O	It would be another quarter hour before the carriage pulled up to the steps .
te	O	If you trample the flowers , then you receive zero points .
te	O	Then she did a double take .
te	O	I curled my hands into fists .
te	O	Nick and Allie opened their eyes to four stern , glowing faces looking down on them .
te	O	After that , I set him back down on his pillow and continued to brush my fingers through his hair , this time barely whispering my song .
te	O	JAX : I 'm willing to make it work .
te	I	Your cunt is tightening around my dick , and I can you tell 're turned on .
te	I	Community college 't isn really a hive of academic ambition . '
te	I	And now the garden sanctuary where they 'd lain was together gone , as well .
te	O	You Heal them , then I 'll Erase their memories of it .
te	O	After I clean up my plates , I decide to head into the den and turn on the TV .
te	O	If anything , she tasted even better than the memories .
te	I	He showed her card the and pointed at it .
te	O	I was the last to break away from the claws of my beast .
te	I	If all things now ended , McKie wondered , which of them would be the last to go ?
te	I	You make my feel heart like it could burst at any moment .
te	O	As my face crumples , he smiles .
te	I	He would never allow himself to be Garcia place in the same category .
te	O	Goodnight , and thank you again for a very pleasurable evening .
te	O	Me and John spoke at the same time , and I crossed my arms .
te	I	I pointed toward an empty spot parking on the main street .
te	I	He hunched forward , gripping duvet his cover in a desperate attempt to hang on to something until the feeling ebbed .
te	I	' Well , anything almost .
te	O	She yelped , and pulled her hand back .
te	O	As if she stood beside him with her hand in his .
te	I	If this was 2.0 Mallory , I thoroughly approved .
te	I	Then she said to me , ' Pastor , he felt he had to you tell about this . '
te	O	Either I was an extremely gifted student - which seems highly unlikely - or he was the greatest teacher who ever lived .
te	I	What I have done wrong ? '
te	I	It was exactly how she 'd given herself away the in first place .
te	I	It was so from different the emotionless mask she wore on stage .
te	I	' But were who these old ones ? '
te	I	His type of woman was the kind a sensible man would never marry and that was right all by him because he wanted to remain a bachelor .
te	I	As the sedan began to pull away , she out glanced the window and saw the lieutenant raise his hand in a vulgar gesture .
te	I	The Jaycee stumbled in his hurry evacuate to the chair .
te	I	But hadn they 't taken any nails .
te	O	She turned and waited for him to continue speaking .
te	I	And another time she me asked if she could borrow a dollar for a candy bar .
te	I	Five more of members the King 's Guard walk by .
te	I	Rae could not resist wondering about the she boy 'd wanted so much .
te	I	As he approached the entrance to the toilets , automatic the sensor detected his presence and the doors slid open .
te	O	The vision disappeared , and the face reformed in the cloud over his own .
te	O	Rose cried , blushing at the thought of the Captain and unable to answer that particular accusation .
te	I	Instead of immediately going James to as I usually do , I stay where I am and take a moment to clear my thoughts .
te	I	In the end , Will left a over marker the grave .
te	O	Had the ancient ones rested their elbows like that on stone railings ?
te	I	I your am father !
te	O	When Melisa was drunk or hungover , her fuse was as short as a matchstick .
te	I	Izzy a smiled little .
te	O	We 'd just started and already I balked .
te	I	A small kitchen stood at the end of the living room , along with a dining table surrounded by captain four 's chairs .
te	I	It was just another puzzle solve to .
te	I	It hit her much faster than ever it had before , driving deep into her skull .
te	I	Without knowing , Victoria walked towards him embraced and him all of a sudden as she closed her eyes .
te	O	I just need you to be more open with me .
te	O	When he returned to consciousness he lay in the rain , soaked to the skin .
te	I	She refused to the consider many terrible ways this night could end .
te	I	He grinned me at .
te	O	Except for her poor taste in mates .
te	I	He thought he surrounded was by someone ... or some people .
te	I	It would also make sure that he was fresh feeling and mentally alert .
te	O	Someone cleared their throat , and it wasn 't Charles Buckle , but rather Kenneth in the booth beside theirs .
te	O	Leopold waved his hand .
te	O	Do not do this thing , Raven .
te	O	He was coming up on the other side of the building ; he must have guessed where she was hiding .
te	I	Sitting up he is the who man bid upon me .
te	O	Camille reached for her water glass and glanced at Julian .
te	I	Even by their family standards was that pretty lame .
te	I	He was already lounging in the dining patio she when arrived .
te	O	So great was his horror that he didn 't even bother to correct her .
te	O	This was much worse than Peggy had realized .
te	I	These sorts of recollections were good both for of them , I thought .
te	I	Tell Mia the truth , throw herself on her best friend 's mercy and apologize for a of moment lunacy ?
te	O	It was over -- and so unceremoniously .
te	O	And when I 've finally planted my feet , I look up and around the crowd .
te	I	Fully conscious in his lupine form , Reuben is drawn to protect innocent victims of violence against attackers evil .
te	O	She kept reliving the conversation with Luke , over and over in her head .
te	O	At least not from personal experience .
te	I	The friction was nearly unbearable , so much pleasure it was pain nearly .
te	I	the guard ordered as he glared at Megan leaving before with his friend .
te	O	She tried not to blush , remembering the feel of Byron 's mouth , hot and wet and wild on her skin .
te	I	The road led an to open gate in the massive wall .
te	I	Until she looked up him at .
te	I	He stared at picture the of two women in uniforms smiling for the camera .
te	I	Weldon Harper 's son , Daryl , was getting married to Kathy Jo in Green North Dakota .
te	I	She could do not this without him .
te	O	I stopped at a grocery and got some cat food and another bag of cat litter .
te	I	Duncan his rolled eyes .
te	O	That gave her a feeling of contentment and somehow made their coming marriage even more real .
te	I	I give it right to back him , if he wants to play , let 's play .
te	O	He turned off the interior light switch so the overhead lights would not come on , and got out very quietly .
te	I	You 're smart , beautiful , hilarious and .
te	O	She knew he only did that now when he was nervous , and that made her love him even more .
te	O	My wad was starting to dwindle but there was still plenty left .
te	I	Closing her eyes , she tried to get some sense of the and time place where Gloria had passed .
te	O	It would probably take her months to hit every single one of them .
te	I	The who one was bitten .
te	I	They were getting their from sustenance somewhere , though , there was no doubt about that .
te	O	The two Iron dragons looked at each other and some unspoken communication passed between them .
te	O	I saunter into our joint bathroom , and surprise lights my face .
te	I	This entire seems year fucked .
te	I	I 'm aware not of moving .
te	O	I might never come back .
te	I	Something someone or wanted me back .
te	I	Delirious with happiness , Fintan made his way to back his room , and quickly packed his bag .
te	O	Folding her arms across her chest , Grace forced herself to go on .
te	I	Stealing away like thieves in the night , saying nothing to any of their friends , seemed like only the solution .
te	O	Even as the robot spoke a harsh white light suddenly blazed onto the shed , illuminating the stolen army boat with its cargo of elves and dwarves .
te	I	He wasn 't wearing even a coat .
te	I	He said few a of his lines and looked nervous to be across from Delaney and talking about a baby , even if it was baby Jesus .
te	I	But knew he that Geoffrey was speaking in another code .
te	I	He was frozen , could look only at the rock rising from the man 's head and relive the horrible thing he had just done .
te	O	He sure was glad the boy was talking and that he wanted to see him .
te	O	If I have to repeat the question again , your youngest sister will be killed .
te	O	he groaned , getting to his own feet .
te	O	There was definitely an air of tension in the room that hadn 't been there before her father arrived .
te	I	I 'm pretty I sure know where and how they are being taken .
te	I	An eternity later they finally the reached door .
te	O	I revealed the troubles that have transpired ever since Taylor and I moved in together .
te	I	The high-pitched scream raised every hair on body my .
te	O	I heard fast scuffling and hoped that meant a teacher was entering and rectifying the situation .
te	O	Celestino made the sign of the cross on her forehead .
te	I	Her brow with pleated concentration .
te	I	I watched him scribble , and I made out tiny his drawing of a martini glass , with olive .
te	O	Nevertheless , it was a good place for them to set up camp for the night .
te	O	Heather rattled the phone onto the hook in the kitchen .
te	I	While they 'd gone off colleges to in different states , Danni stayed behind to go to community college with Darren .
te	I	His shoulders sagged and I could feel him let up on gas the .
te	I	It was having people take advantage of you because you didn have 't the power to force them to be fair and courteous .
te	I	He feel could it .
te	I	Her blue seemed cloak to whisper through the tall grass as she came , and her familiar fragrance came to him on the vagrant breeze .
te	O	I need to go outside and give treats to Buck and Thunder .
te	I	She the was one who had said it would only take a few minutes .
te	I	Fifteen minutes later Scott Lyndon pulled the truck to a stop near large a yellow bulldozer .
te	O	With a wave of his hand he could push the door from several feet away .
te	O	The gunslinger walked to him , and held the jawbone in front of Jake 's warring eyes .
te	O	He smiled again and offered me his arm , and we walked on .
te	O	He belongs somewhere he would be offered the right kind of help .
te	O	The rest of the day zoomed by pretty quietly , each of us busy in our own little world .
te	O	I shook my head .
te	I	She didn 't tell how me she did it , but I 'm not complaining .
te	I	As long you as live , we are your committed servants .
te	I	Her implant had a hit and with a thought brought she the information to her senses .
te	O	It 's actually sort of hot .
te	I	He his released empty bottle and shook his hand a few times .
te	O	Just reading about his death made me sad .
te	I	He had seen the others hold out their arms , so tried he that .
te	O	I didn 't want to go back to Charlie 's empty house .
te	O	She frowned at him .
te	O	She tossed it to me .
te	I	He it picked up and studied it , never really having seen it before .
te	I	The cape isn 't up to either much . '
te	I	' I didn see 't .
te	I	She reached and across put her hand over his .
te	I	Didn 't touch penny a .
te	I	Had I heard just him correctly ?
te	O	There , on the bow of the Pamela , stood once crisp , now soaked white uniformed men , coffee cups still in hand .
te	I	He cocked his eyebrow and turned a on show on MTV .
te	O	His heat , his tangy scent and his sheer physical presence overwhelmed her .
te	I	I clapped my hands three times and he the hiked ball .
te	O	Sunfish swam in a halo around the periphery as courtiers of all shapes and sizes sat or swam before the throne .
te	O	You have an incredible knowledge of mythology even though you despise it .
te	O	He sat down and covered his face .
te	O	The point of my blade penetrated the mound .
te	I	She is bitter cold , colder she than has been on any given winter day .
te	I	To person a everyone in the Control Room gasped ; mouths agape .
te	I	The road Pines into was empty , and Ethan walked down the middle of the double yellow .
te	O	Ty knew that he couldn 't manage the feat with just one hand , and he relented with a grunt of displeasure .
te	I	One had who no problems with sex without love , or sleeping with a married man ?
te	I	Doc Henry stayed with the family the rest of the day and Ty at died dusk .
te	I	I didn 't want to ask , dreading the possibility of Theo 's guilt , so I 't didn .
te	I	But Turnbull couldn 't manage to fit everyone it into .
te	I	Can you with come me to the front office ?
te	I	Mike as paused he stared at the two young men .
te	I	Rose moved the fork and knife to closer the china and adjusted the position of the glass .
te	O	Doesn 't really work that way .
te	I	She thought Manuel 's was family involved in drug trafficking .
te	O	We don 't have a choice ; he 's a General with the President 's ear .
te	O	She tucked her silky hair behind one ear .
te	O	She stopped in front of him .
te	I	Chuck 's snapped eyes back to her face .
te	O	But remember that there are things more important than meat . '
te	I	He was more focused the on attack .
te	I	He sayin ' things me about ?
te	O	And he wasn 't quite as lame as I 'd thought he was at first .
te	I	What proper was to do with her ?
te	I	It all was nothing .
te	I	Because I had been honest about ... every aspect of my life - except one .
te	I	He over glanced his shoulder .
te	I	Evidently she 's learned that we can eliminate her children without much difficulty , so she 'd rather not have to us come up against .
te	O	I knew my efforts were in vain ; I wanted only the distraction of the effort .
te	O	You can 't fake this level of irritation .
te	I	He always said she her tilted chin up and crossed her arms when she was upset .
te	O	We were happy ... until they came .
te	O	It 's cold , but the sun is out , so I take Betsy to Dolores Park .
te	I	Not this in way .
te	O	They used the hearth for most of their heat , to conserve fuel .
te	I	We 've heard that cases these self-destruct if opened without the correct code .
te	O	Since Abbie admitted she changed the entire training program based on Lily 's objection , the little digs just didn 't have the power they once had .
te	O	The law states it has to be a full five minutes .
te	I	Brave and dedicated to ' fish him out ' Lady Bird -- Blackbird secretly was visiting him .
te	O	Without thinking , Luke reached up to touch his face .
te	O	All he needed was a twig of wheat sticking out of his mouth .
te	O	He was not used to feeling guilty about anything .
te	I	No wonder Squall so was happy all the time .
te	I	The music ends and releases Daniel me .
te	I	She pulled her hand away quickly , thinking she 'd been caught in her perusal his of body .
te	I	He exhaled harshly and reached up to rub the back his of neck .
te	I	I was always the new kid the on block - an outsider .
te	I	I back arrived early at the apartment .
te	I	Her head so turned that she faced Jamie .
te	I	She braced for herself what might come next .
te	O	His proximity stopped her breath and she could only nod , letting her eyes drop from his face to the rips in his faded shirt .
te	O	This weekend would be extra busy , because there would be a special guest : Ishmael Khan , all the way from Pakistan .
te	O	From threatening to suave , his demeanor changed instantaneously .
te	O	Back to the Table of Contents Chapter 11 From Will 's journals : February 27 .
te	I	' You had 've your day . '
te	O	One glance at the hardness that stole over her face told me I 'd do well to keep my distance .
te	O	Don 't you get me wrong , young lady .
te	O	He should be making the most of them .
te	I	Paddy hurried after the man who had inside gone .
te	O	Maybe she was being foolish or had misunderstood .
te	O	If Ivan 's theory was right , Chad was a mere half vampire until he killed someone .
te	I	It was working , Rema and was grateful for her kindness .
te	O	He struggled to his feet and tapped Sparrow again .
te	I	I imagined bursting into the lock room up and shooting her for the hell of it .
te	I	She did not try to scream , did not even try to away scramble , as he was fairly certain she would be too weak to run .
te	O	I tried to push those feelings deep down .
te	I	That was another matter another for moment .
te	I	Can conscience your bear turning your back on this poor little soul ?
te	O	A red , lycra clad arm waved from behind it .
te	O	Even if I was , take advantage of me , Jennifer .
te	I	Chuck smiles like I forgotten had about Terry Cleaver , and he was there to remind me .
te	O	The impact knocked all the breath from my lungs .
te	I	None of would them .
te	I	With his thick fingers , he popped the button of the sheath and drew the blade , the leaving sheath on the desk .
te	O	Kathryn could handle the other Mr. Hayes and the crowd on her own .
te	I	At that moment a flock of pigeons flew straight her towards .
te	I	She felt a little twist of premonition her in stomach .
te	O	The stress he put on the last two words was weighted with cold .
te	I	She bit her lip , not clearly happy with talking to him .
te	I	Devon felt like she stopped had breathing .
te	I	It 's not like the rails were actually ; forbidden in fact , they 'd been hailed as progress .
te	I	Sitting up , I keep the gun aimed at him , hating that hand my is a little unsteady .
te	O	She was there , but Rich wasn 't .
te	O	He 'd found several , fondled a few , kissed a couple , and left them all .
te	O	I match his strokes , pushing him deeper into my core .
te	O	Virgil looked up from the ledger , huffed with relief , and kissed his fingers to her .
te	I	But there were three other accommodations scattered across the island , and I hadn 't really had much to with do their guests or employees .
te	I	It was hard always , this part .
te	I	His hands spanned her waist , thumbs his lightly stroking back and forth .
te	O	I had heard enough , I wanted to destroy it using every remainder of my strength .
te	I	I also felt safe around you because I understood you had the experience of ten men and knew to how use it .
te	I	I pull on clothes my and twist my hair into a bun at my neck .
te	O	The only difference between us now was that I 'd gotten lucky .
te	I	Against the car body and the roof , the almost colors blended .
te	I	It would 've been for hypocritical him not to .
te	O	The water gently worked a great wheel , turning it over and over again without cease .
te	O	I never once imagined that I would end up suffering from some strange form of psychosis .
te	I	She was scratching at the wet sand with stick a , her hair a dark curtain hiding her face .
te	I	I never smoked that much before , but after these sights , I thought it was a time good to start upping my intake .
te	O	And her father would never know the difference .
te	I	Did she recall the moments her before death ?
te	O	I flipped on the light next to me and found myself in an empty room .
te	I	He says no one can pull them out that of freefall except themselves .
te	I	The face that had slid into mind her so many times .
te	O	His hold on her tightened as his tears fell in earnest .
te	O	A fragmented sigh stuttered from my lips as they parted .
te	I	And you fed solely him on fish the first two weeks , and also while on the transport ?
te	I	Every time Robin saw him play with Cole 's Labrador , she marveled at how they attuned were to each other .
te	O	They had no choice but to run the experiment .
te	I	A collective shudder runs through group the .
te	O	Jimmy crawled even closer to her , across the floorboards .
te	I	I patted him on the head and leaned over kiss to him .
te	I	Two minutes a later tear rolls down her cheek as she finally shuts her eyes .
te	I	At least that was plan the .
te	O	He seemed to snap out it , leaning closer to me .
te	O	I knew that she was going to try and climb up so I put my hand out to stop her .
te	I	Jase followed him in , where they were greeted by tall a young man with long brown hair pulled back into a ponytail .
te	I	It wasn 't question a .
te	I	Thank you for respecting the work hard of this author .
te	I	He could it feel .
te	O	And since I don 't like him , I 'd like to know what has ticked him off .
te	I	Max into snorted the phone .
te	O	He hoped they weren 't too late .
te	O	At the door to the block she turned and for the first time realised what a beautiful place she had been living in .
te	O	And the care she took , it was almost enough that he could pretend she had real feelings where he was concerned .
te	I	I seized the and sword leapt to the window .
te	O	Scott was waiting for her .
te	I	His search for could truths never be completed , but neither could it be ignored .
te	O	Like the angel 's chest , with her empty heart hole - but without the sparkler .
te	O	He drew his gun and barked orders at me .
te	O	She handed him one of her fur blankets .
te	I	How she could doubt Nicolas ?
te	I	Laurent was of ahead her .
te	I	His powered climax through both of them .
te	I	Let 's get just you inside where you can crash for the rest of the day .
te	I	Mr. was Mayor on the verge of crying .
te	O	He wanted to pull her against him and kiss her until she moaned , but he resisted .
te	I	Lisa and coughed felt immense pain in her body .
te	O	He wondered if this was what her patients had seen as they looked up , right before the anesthesia began to work on them .
te	I	I don 't lie to her cause she 's done never anything to me to deserve my lies .
te	O	I shouldn 't have told you about it now .
te	I	The front end extended farther from the ship still and bore the traditional ' living ' eyes on either side .
te	I	I think it 's going to take them a lot longer than they anticipated to them find .
te	I	The alien people shouted out their war cries as they and attacked what was left of the Pioneer turned to face them .
te	I	Effectively , meant that that a target 100 metres away would appear to be within touching distance .
te	I	I sat back down , anger and flooding worry my brain .
te	O	Mr. Jones slows the bike in a semicircle at the front of campus .
te	I	Blinding light flared the from distant mountain .
te	O	She hated this world of cruelty , hated the monsters that had created it .
te	I	Sybil shook head her .
te	I	One of the many things he learned 'd about Elizabeth in their short time together was that she was fastidiously tidy .
te	I	I him promised that .
te	I	The admiration in voice his was more marked .
te	I	Andy locks the door sighs and .
te	I	In a matter of minutes , the man had charmed on everyone his team .
te	O	They were too far away for her to make out what they were .
te	I	The metal needle in the bottle coke bounced around as if someone held the bottle and was shaking it .
te	O	It didn 't take a genius to be able to see that the Mexican Army had them by the privates .
te	O	I shuffled out to the front room where Janet was playing solitaire at the table .
te	I	I stopped actually and looked at him .
te	I	He turned away from the light and ran in to the dark streets of city the .
te	O	He could almost feel all the eyes peering at him from behind sheer curtains .
te	O	There was a mixture of amazement and terror there at being this close to a dragon .
te	O	Her senses were far superior to others of the human race , her hearing and sense of smell extremely acute .
te	I	After about ten minutes , I a hear tapping at my window .
te	O	She 'd hardly got her direction altered , when two wet individuals raced by her , Mike with a foot or two lead .
te	O	The other tour guide was Chet .
te	O	I took offense at first , but in a way it was true .
te	O	Then in one fowl swoop I kicked his gun out of the way and brought mine right to his head .
te	O	Everything about this suit accentuated his most favorable features .
te	O	Apparently Madeline 's five-part series would summarize some of her toughest cases , but only those that had a happy ending .
te	O	And then he looked up .
te	I	His arm got tighter around body my .
te	I	I open the door very slowly and only a crack that I wedge my body through the to outside .
te	I	Even now she asked very little of him , but desires what she made known he fulfilled gladly .
te	I	But for vampire the who was being yanked out of the rift by the infuriated Dark Lord .
te	I	She 'd been since fragile her last round of cancer treatments months ago .
te	I	Eyes with big surprise , she chewed her bottom lip nervously .
te	I	He fell into beside step her .
te	I	She had gone telling without Juliette or Jasmine .
te	I	So did fact the that my parents were so happy now and that they understood me .
te	O	or from across the room , hold up keys for the other one to see . )
te	I	Only five foot seven , no taller than Francesca , he had weigh to three hundred pounds .
te	I	The next was minute unknown to us , and it might not even come .
te	O	They have demanded the final two get sent home . '
te	O	he asked and he smiled at her .
te	O	He only knew of her blinding power .
te	O	And as I said , those that do , usually do not make it up this high .
te	I	The woody stem crashed into his face and rasped him from forehead nose to tip .
te	O	I was wondering if maybe we could start an orphanage and share the Gospel .
te	O	Are we going to shoot somebody for stealing an old truck ?
te	I	Tavi flashed the larger man young a quick grin .
te	O	We wouldn 't have it any other way .
te	I	But her voice was rough and he that saw her cheeks were flushed tawny pink .
te	I	Ever since Mason had gone back to Austin , she had become a somewhat fixture permanent at Scarlett and Max 's apartment .
te	I	Look at that woman fussing with kids her .
te	O	This idea of settling down with a quiet little Glory girl might not be such a good idea , after all .
te	O	His mouth was sweet and gentle at first but the more I shifted my body the more aggressive the kiss became .
te	O	' You 're a sweet man , Homer , and I love you for listening to me and riding with me , ' she says .
te	O	It reminded me of Dex 's camera light .
te	I	But she 't didn care ; it didn 't matter .
te	O	Hey , Doc , you ready to go yet ?
te	O	Her lips curve upward into a pleased smile .
te	O	The first family tragedy , and there would be others .
te	I	This stole a laugh from voice my box , which caught Neil 's attention .
te	O	I broke all the rules and I stumbled on my philosophy in a graveyard in North London when I was ten .
te	I	He sighed as the if thought pained him .
te	O	She was straightening with it in hand when the door to the neighboring room opened and Lord Radcliffe peered out .
te	I	She thought she a heard shout and she turned around to see Aidan pounding through the cocoon .
te	O	I gave it a pat from the top of my shirt .
te	I	She thought , If I get out of this alive , 'm I going to force her to get me a phone .
te	I	Not that was she planning to go anywhere .
te	I	Actually , though , Nell still had the power to haunt dreams my .
te	O	Presley was older by two years .
te	I	She herself forced to spill all she had to say on the subject in one go .
te	I	I 'm glad when dinner is over and we take leave our .
te	O	Olivia 's knees gave in , and Stacy reached out to steady her .
te	I	The meal she made was probably better than the fast food would they be eating up at the retreat .
te	I	She stretched out beside him , pressing herself against his back , how and Joanna Miranda were sleeping to keep warm .
te	I	But then , Captain Perry threw open another door at the end of another long , winding hallway , and light and noise filled suddenly the air .
te	I	Lily had talked Collin the into evening strolls as part of a healthy lifestyle .
te	O	' I appreciate the offer Sir but I 'm not sure I need any specialist help . '
te	O	Will judged the pickers by it and the grove owners judged Will and his company by it .
te	I	Granted , that 't wasn his intent when he placed his ad in the L.A. Trades .
te	I	Ray paused for a moment , and could Jolene hear the clicking of his keyboard as he typed information into the FBI systems .
te	I	That ain 't na gon end well .
te	O	But why write about him ?
te	O	She grabbed her Playbill off the floor and scanned through his bio .
te	I	I vow to look her after and treat her with the utmost love and devotion .
te	O	This poor captain 's always the one tasked with trying to get hold of me .
te	O	Sarah had to think .
te	I	There were no -- walls nothing .
te	O	In some places the ground was squishy .
te	I	What kind of monstrous would creatures turned up and prey on them ?
te	O	Either you 're lying to me , the same way you lied in that press conference .
te	O	Sibyl trudged back to the car , Mallory , as ever , loping hot on her heels .
te	I	Talon glanced around the loft noted and that the entire area was littered with framed and unframed art .
te	I	The flower remained , in sitting the exact place Hart had left the others for her years before .
te	O	The fallen man 's face was grey but his eyes flicked open and seemed to recognize fitz Maurice .
te	I	She thrashed her head back and now forth .
te	I	Eventually Gerry found his star munching on a roast beef sandwich and chips salty .
te	O	That 's the only time she 's been here .
te	O	His blood began to boil at the thought of his father digging up information on a girl he had shown interest in .
te	O	But if your grandmother 's called the cops , others will know about it .
te	I	Autumn was drawing in and this was surely going be to the last good weekend before the steady march toward Winter would begin .
te	I	Suddenly both of the McGill 's wandering eyes zeroed on in her .
te	I	I did a pretty good job of that covering up .
te	I	I finished strapping on my guns before her following .
te	I	A sinking sensation plummeted , deep along the recesses his of heart .
te	I	Logan jerked hand his away from the staff .
te	O	He wasn 't leaving .
te	O	A deep voice cried out .
te	O	She gathered her things from her desk and let the office door slam behind her as she left .
te	O	He lowered his eyes and stared down at the floor .
te	O	His army was massive and irresistible , an unstoppable juggernaut .
te	O	He pushed away from Mariah and scooted back in bed , staring dully at the whitewashed bunkhouse walls .
te	O	Nicholas had tried twice to reach him , to no avail .
te	I	What kind of ass answered pregnancy news with horror from stories the past ?
te	O	He gently pushed her curly hair off her face .
te	O	But that gangly teenager had been replaced by an adult Were who took her breath away .
te	I	When will stop it ?
te	O	And he also knew that it is by death that we are tested .
te	I	But it bad never happened to her before , and it took every ounce of will her to keep from fighting .
te	O	No Mal or Angels anywhere .
te	I	We weren keeping 't track of the numbers anymore .
te	O	I stay where I am , not wanting him to retreat any farther .
te	I	Something which he hoped , very soon , he 'd be between witnessing her and their own children .
te	O	Then he returned and teleported his own body to the room where he showed her the truth of the hologram behind the ritual .
te	O	They both nodded , so Eve pulled out three and kicked the door closed .
te	I	He just at looked her , face blank , but she could sense the uncertainty he was feeling .
te	I	They headed back to where they left 'd the horses .
te	O	He smiles and the room is brightened .
te	O	In this dream , Fat Charlie was cool , and beyond cool .
te	O	Vampires released endorphins into those they drank from , endorphins that created a pleasurable sort of high .
te	I	He laughed straightened and .
te	O	I ask in a bright voice .
te	I	It definitely 't wasn just sexual .
te	O	Two different lighting technicians were up on the catwalks , collecting the gels from the lighting instruments that hung over the audience .
te	I	She wasn 't all at surprised to see him following her as she leapt , jumped , ran , and swung easily from limb to limb .
te	O	She 's it for me , man .
te	O	They ought to eat , he thought .
te	I	She missed had that , his gentleness .
te	O	I moved my hands in small circles , easing the knots as I found them .
te	I	With upgraded brakes and tuned suspension , it was a to dream drive .
te	O	Fine lady , works at the nursing homes .
te	I	But they go anything after they find .
te	I	I stand under the statue of the Eldest Plague .
te	O	I supposed that wasn 't as far from the truth as I would have liked it to be .
te	O	He didn 't have the screen on , either - for which I should probably have been glad .
te	O	What if he gets caught out here and it storms ?
te	I	All the rage and pain over his wife 's murder now surfaced .
te	O	His lower lip protruded ever so slightly .
te	I	I leaned back my in chair and stared at the idiot .
te	O	The yard work finished , she went inside to cool off and tackle the housework , which was minimal .
te	O	Again he went to the door to examine his discoveries .
te	I	By lunchtime , they contacted had a third of the people on the list .
te	O	However , right now they were so sensitive that she was sure it wouldn 't take much for her to have a spontaneous orgasm right then .
te	O	With nimble feet he started to move quickly down each step , trying to get away without alerting the corpse to his presence .
te	I	But now Smith Ryder and in less than twenty-four hours .
te	O	I unzipped my tent and squinted my eyes at the bright light of the sun .
te	O	They were neatly fringed , but not stained or dyed except for Damon 's , which , of course , were black with sable fur .
te	I	When I opened my mouth I saw that not only I did lack a tongue , but teeth too .
te	I	With concentration , the fire larger grew and taller , rising like a column from his hands .
te	I	She looked pleased very .
te	O	Even if the psychic did internet checks on them , that kind of information simply isn 't available .
te	I	It was the third week of November and the admission college application process was in high gear .
te	I	Megan herself chided , exasperated .
te	I	That 's why they keep as them pets .
te	I	I looked at over her clinically and nodded .
te	O	He backed away , the glow shifting down as he studied the floor .
te	I	Her eagerness at physical contact surprised him , but he only a hesitated moment before wrapping his arms around her .
te	I	She muttered something under her breath , but he couldn 't what understand she was saying .
te	I	In fact , I can guarantee you love would my quiet , calm , librarian sister .
te	O	There had been reports every day that the Army of Mexico was not far off .
te	O	He checked the photograph , it was him .
te	I	It took him a couple of beats to realize that was he probably turning a dull red .
te	O	Sir Rupert raced over to the desk to write a note and handed it to the doctor .
te	O	I don 't know what I was thinking .
te	I	As as well I have ever been .
te	O	I don 't know how .
te	O	Or maybe my parents just needed something ?
te	I	I think 'm I going deaf .
te	I	Either way , you might be asking yourself , why wasn 't I calling the police to check come it out ?
te	I	He looked around the room as his army nodded agreement in .
te	I	Joan 's was voice soft .
te	I	Clearly , he 'd seen storm the brewing in my face .
te	I	Talking about Thompson him made angry .
te	O	It 's Old Mother who should decide what to do with him .
te	I	A tall figure came running the across parking lot .
te	I	Brown eyes flooded with scanned worry her body .
te	I	He shakes his head at else whatever he learned .
te	I	Capricorn will give a you call .
te	O	she asked the man sitting next to her .
te	I	An embarrassing it defeat was .
te	O	His poker face needed some work .
te	I	Like with a slap or two , not enough to hurt , but enough her for to know he meant business .
te	I	He thought if he could catch Xavier out in the open could he get off a deadly shot .
te	O	Granted , this discussion had threads of insanity through it .
te	O	Sarah turned a puzzled look to her brother 's wife .
te	I	' Here go you . '
te	I	The only light came through the narrow louvered and windows the tower 's skylight , high above .
te	O	As I said , I learned to knit while undergoing chemotherapy .
te	I	I sat in the center of living my room , tied to my dining room chair .
te	I	She not 's property to us .
te	O	Jackson 's eyes widened .
te	O	And then your life changed , and you became part of something bigger .
te	O	She 's the master at finding great deals .
te	I	That privileged was information .
te	I	Maybe it was just because I hadn eaten 't in almost two days .
te	O	' Bastille ... ' I said , raising a hand .
te	I	Why , if she had anything to hide , might somebody find it .
te	I	As I 'm finishing , I sense him approach me behind .
te	I	And don 't worry anger about .
te	I	' Is everything sir okay ? '
te	I	They always so seemed silly to me ; so small .
te	I	She poked and him he grinned .
te	I	She was my polar in opposite personality , and the only people who knew it were our family .
te	I	The followed mist me .
te	O	Most political candidates made the purchase during election years .
te	O	He was in her apartment once , but he didn 't see her in a nightshirt until now .
te	I	They are weeks you that don 't make yourself feel .
te	O	Another piece fell down as he touched it .
te	I	And if you disrupt it , are there consequences .
te	O	But I also loved him and selfishly wanted to protect him .
te	O	And this suit was really itchy .
te	O	And that would explain why the Citadel was going to such great lengths to curtail word of it getting out .
te	O	She was more stunning than he 'd ever seen her , her body bedecked in diamonds .
te	O	Spike gazed at it .
te	I	I 't don need you anyway .
te	O	He held me , stroking my back as my emotions leaked out .
te	O	I 'd always wanted to be an agent , you know .
te	I	And it ended had .
te	I	She hadn 't been up and out of bed yet either , but nodded Cole .
te	I	Skye gasped and popped out of office the .
te	O	Did I want that ?
te	O	Sanya 's face held a certain amount of satisfaction .
te	I	He brushed the hair away from her neck so that he could nip skin her .
te	I	Sophia mentally tried out them .
te	O	He thrashed against Madoc 's hold , trying to get to her .
te	O	She set the pieces neatly by her side of the board before looking up her green eyes flashing triumphantly behind the mask .
te	I	Crista felt herself pulled to the edge of the pool , and a murmur swept the chamber when she stepped onto the thick root kelp of .
te	O	At least he didn 't have to see Hunter face to face .
te	I	Dr. Holmes must speculation be correct .
te	I	His touch left tingling a trail .
te	I	Marcus stares , I and stare back .
te	I	None of the men she measured knew up to her vampire .
te	O	I 'm pretty sure they don 't plot together , even if they were all still alive , but it didn 't matter .
te	O	Sarah is entirely too pretty for her own good .
te	I	Logan picks the sword up off floor the and gives it back to me .
te	I	This time , I am determined to please him , his and kindness will be able to coax something useful out of me .
te	I	The foes didn get 't passed me .
te	I	I put arm an around him , a hand on Mistral .
te	O	Altair looked at the sun .
te	O	She patiently explains that the survivors are just that , nothing more , nothing less .
te	O	What was she to do ?
te	O	The scene I saw added more fuel to the fire in me .
te	I	Dagmar stopped and walking frowned .
