tr	O	Dreamer took the number , but she didn 't use it .
tr	O	Her supposed white knight had taken advantage of her , and she couldn 't recall how much she 'd told him .
tr	O	A door opened and firelight stabbed at my eyes .
tr	I	Why would his first born not take the throne after him , but his daughter would be the greatest queen .
tr	O	We hadn 't known each other for that long and it was hard to know what she was thinking .
tr	O	We 're closer to the mortal world than we 've ever been now , and you can go home anytime .
tr	I	There was nothing wrong with taking pleasure in each other 's company and Fun was the order of the night .
tr	O	He nodded as they passed and Claire stopped to say hello .
tr	I	A second later I follow and Abby leaves .
tr	I	Many people were still enjoying their sleep , and the sun was barely starting to rise .
tr	O	She shouted out a word I could not understand , and sunlight blazed down from the heavens , knifing through the trees .
tr	I	Her legs ached and her lungs burned .
tr	I	Soon the entire household was roused and Sarah called out for help as soon as they neared the gates .
tr	I	The rest decided to trade the loyalties determining their own fate and Lilith had taken out the majority .
tr	O	It didn 't close , but it did stop running .
tr	I	She had been careful to empty it out , since she didn 't want it to rust , and there was water in the pan .
tr	O	She didn 't appear to be physically harmed , and I breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	I	I just love Nicole Kidman , and it was so atmospheric .
tr	I	He frowned and a groan interrupted him .
tr	I	She wielded a spear , and the other horseman was a woman with short black hair , slender figure .
tr	O	He had paid good money to place people in important positions and he could call on them at any time .
tr	I	Their guns could not reach the enemy but the Nomads fired back .
tr	I	Our hands brushed against each other and he reached for his cup at the same time as me .
tr	O	A cold breeze swept through , and she tried not to shiver .
tr	I	At least I knew what to expect , but it sucks .
tr	O	I made to follow her , but a blinding pain went off in my head .
tr	I	I sobbed loudly and my body shook .
tr	O	He climbed down , and she followed .
tr	O	Van realized his giddiness could be attributed to the potion and he resisted the urge to swig down more of it .
tr	I	It wasn 't painful at all and an electrifying force surged through me .
tr	O	She knew he wanted this as badly as she did , but she wasn 't entirely certain that it would be enough .
tr	O	Heat spread through her belly , and dampness pooled between her thighs .
tr	I	I could hear a smile in her voice , but I couldn 't see her with my eyes on the road .
tr	O	The deal was made and no matter how powerful my magic was , it was useless against Hades .
tr	O	I breathe in , and he pulls me closer .
tr	O	Joanna stifled another giggle , and Michael looked , confused , between us .
tr	O	He winked , and a smile warmed Elspeth 's sallow face .
tr	O	As it was , he hadn 't and in an act of mindless pettiness , he 'd married .
tr	I	She took an instinctive step back , bumping into Hancock and she heard the door in front of her fly open .
tr	I	He closed his mouth and Ice realized his jaw had fallen open .
tr	O	I 'm not , until someone comes by and I wave them down .
tr	O	The entire floor seemed deserted , but I couldn 't shake the memory of the things that had happened behind some of these doors .
tr	I	He was picking at loose threads on his thighs , and Neal 's legs were bent in front of him .
tr	O	Everyone knows he 's mine , and besides , he 's microchipped .
tr	I	Randy Carter could turn , but turn - turn - blackness on every side .
tr	O	I want to spit in his face once again , but I cannot handle any more hits across my head .
tr	I	The enemy was victorious and the battle was over .
tr	I	He kisses me but I start to protest .
tr	O	We have to get Allie 's Light Stone from him and I want to be the one to do it .
tr	I	He got the last word and he 's not even here .
tr	O	Linde barely registered her , but Jack eyes acknowledged her .
tr	O	Sweat dripped through her black tresses , and her face was flushed beyond recognition .
tr	I	She didn 't dare touch it until Victoria gave it to her , but Lilith stood close .
tr	O	I felt liked someone kicked me in the gut , but Ashland didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	I cast a glance at Fade , but another guard had already conscripted him .
tr	O	Kara glared at Simon , but her lips were twitching .
tr	I	She politely declined leaving the room when I headed out to get food , but I didn 't know .
tr	I	Vampires walk in fear of him , but you do not know his reputation .
tr	O	I would make it better , but I didn 't know how .
tr	I	Her throat grew thick and she looked at Burnett .
tr	I	I 'm still not completely convinced , but Mason talked me out of the idea .
tr	O	Night had taken a firm hold , and darkness was now his ally .
tr	O	There was a small sliding door over the cluttered counter , and the green light over the door meant that the freight chute was loaded .
tr	I	The city lights flickered in the distance and the drapes were open .
tr	O	Signs of spirit use had been recorded over the centuries , but no one had really realized it was its own element .
tr	I	At the last minute she changed her mind , but at first she considered throwing it away .
tr	I	I 'd been intimate with Mistral , but once it would have impressed me .
tr	I	He was fixated on the scene across the room but I tried to get him to meet my eyes .
tr	I	It 's like I 'm hitting a brick wall but I strain my mind to hear what he 's thinking .
tr	I	The stars were washed out behind the glare of stadium lights , but he glanced up at the sky .
tr	O	He 'd said there was too much risk involved , that they had a good life and he didn 't want to spoil it .
tr	I	They climbed from the vehicle and he pulled up by the front doors .
tr	O	She 's helpful to the clansmen , and she always has a smile for everyone .
tr	O	It occurred to me then that he might be wondering , but feeling too shy to ask .
tr	O	He spun around , and I could see a sudden red rage in his face .
tr	O	You were just trying to help me , and I bit your head off .
tr	I	The only thing that is making this separation bearable is because I can watch her through the cameras and it 's been four weeks .
tr	O	He couldn 't remember a time it had ever happened before and he wondered if he was getting too comfortable with this occupation .
tr	O	As expected they fanned out to surround them , but they did not attack at once .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd do better exiting onto the second floor , but it 's early still , the back halls nearly deserted .
tr	I	How you contact Mr. Clause and give me all your passwords .
tr	I	I jerked my head up , banging it against the wall again , and my eyes flew open .
tr	I	I was only slowly starting to understand what he meant , but Dr. Miller 's words echoed in my mind .
tr	I	She 'd never really learn , or she had to figure it out on her own .
tr	O	Give us another chance , and I promise I 'll never hurt you again .
tr	I	When she 'd smiled , he 'd felt like he could conquer anything and her eyes had been luminous .
tr	O	Caitlin peeked over the corner , and a crumpled figure was lying over one of the building 's grates .
tr	I	He was determined to know the truth , but he knew he had hurt her feelings .
tr	I	Milo let out a startled cry , and her words echoed throughout the nursery .
tr	I	The icy water seeps through my shoes and the sand is rough against my skin .
tr	O	Gabe is in a rumpled X-Men t-shirt , and his jeans are torn at both knees .
tr	I	Instead of causing trouble he keeps the community together , but I guess you can compare him to a mercenary .
tr	I	I am an easy target tonight , and it 's a vicious cycle .
tr	O	I 'm going to ask Brice to release you as soon as possible , but you have to do your part .
tr	O	A smile shouldn 't send a zip of unnerving energy straight into her , but it did .
tr	O	I usually don 't read the sports pages , but I did read the articles under your by-line .
tr	O	He has actually got a great singing voice too , and he sings all the time .
tr	O	With anyone else I 'd get annoyed with that question , but coming from Aiden , it made me love him more .
tr	I	He was not quite sure what to make of it , and he had not foreseen this .
tr	I	We only meet on Saturdays , and we keep this a secret .
tr	I	Her lips trembled and her eyes were full of fearful tears .
tr	O	Yes , he could have his pick of these women , but he knew what they wanted : to date Smith Sullivan .
tr	O	There were the basic utility bills to be paid , but living in the country was cheaper than the city .
tr	I	It will always come back , but it will leave you .
tr	I	That was what made Ash so cautious , and as Vito users were rare , the government actively scouted Vito users in Sarum .
tr	O	She didn 't hate him , not down deep , and she wanted to , just because hate was easier .
tr	O	The floodgates were open and even though I 'd regret this , I couldn 't stop .
tr	O	Since Nate had already heard it , he wasn 't surprised , but the two other people at the table looked a little shell-shocked .
tr	O	Natalie knew what happened , but no one else did .
tr	O	I do not know if I was slow but I was not seeing how that is possible .
tr	I	They can never escape punishment until they are forgiven and the ones in the waters have wronged those on the bank .
tr	I	More than that , you have always been my one true love , but you are my wife .
tr	I	She could make it out , but they 'd have a man , maybe two outside .
tr	O	He remembered the begging , and how Franklin 's bladder had emptied in fear when he 'd heard the unmistakable click of a gun being cocked .
tr	I	No amount of preparation could replace experience and he had expected this , that this unit was as close as his old one .
tr	I	She had a cover-up on , but she was also wearing a swimsuit .
tr	O	I glanced at Roth , but his expression was unreadable .
tr	I	The two of us listened to the trickling of the fountain and after I told my story , Clarissa leaned back against the stone wall .
tr	O	She could outrun me in distance , but I could take her in a sprint .
tr	O	He looked green around the gills , and he walked like he was sore .
tr	O	His lashes fluttered , but he remained perfectly still as he gained his bearings .
tr	I	Then slowed , feeling compressed , like he was folding in on himself , and he began to soar .
tr	O	He hadn 't wanted to be here , but his uncle had insisted .
tr	I	I 've heard emotionally it can leave you feeling empty , but I 'm not sure how accountable one is held for these sins .
tr	I	Brant agreed , but Abby protested .
tr	O	My muscles still weren 't responding very well , though , and I was only able to raise myself a little bit .
tr	O	Blake 's irises glowed golden through blood shot eyes and he snarled .
tr	I	Then realized what he was seeing was a burning torch , and he stared intently .
tr	O	I shouldn 't have been surprised to see Murphy 's brother staring back at me , but I was .
tr	O	I whined at the end , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	I	I think he sniffs my hair as I pass , but I can 't be sure .
tr	I	Suddenly I 'm at ease , and a sentimental laugh fills me .
tr	I	The wyvern parried the blade with the edge of its scaled arm , but Eben stabbed out with the Sword of Light .
tr	O	Disease agents were wiped out and symbiotic bacteria allowed to grow .
tr	I	She could see his left shoulder sag , beginning to lose human shape , and Nick shifted .
tr	O	He believed this firmly , or else he would have had the ship destroyed by any means necessary , long ago .
tr	O	As she rose up , her gaze shifted up to his butt , his cute muscular butt , and she blushed again .
tr	I	Next to the cottages stood the entrance to the quarry , and there was a small clutter of cottages on its outskirts .
tr	I	How could she really tell , but he didn 't look as if he was ?
tr	I	As he had taken it with him when he 'd vanished , she pointed out , that was unlikely to change , and she did not .
tr	O	It all boiled down to money , but it confused him .
tr	I	Then it became more defined , but it started as a slight rattling of the leaves .
tr	O	The hair on its back bristled and it uttered a low warning growl .
tr	I	It was the safest place for her , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	His head is resting on my shoulder and I turn his little body so that we are chest to chest .
tr	O	The kindness of another woman had been something lacking on The Reliance , and now Kira felt some of her loneliness abate .
tr	O	He didn 't know what her wish was , but his was to have his way with her .
tr	O	The last thing they all saw was Raphael beat his wings once , and a pillar of light slam down on him .
tr	O	There was no doubt he and Ryan were brothers because they looked so much alike .
tr	I	She exhibited nothing so base as only a sexual energy , and she was in her early to mid-thirties .
tr	I	She opened a savings account for Kel and we set aside more for our college funds .
tr	O	She couldn 't see his ghosts , but they were obviously real to him .
tr	I	As soon as I smelled my food I realized I was starving , but I hadn 't realized how hungry I was after our morning activities .
tr	I	Only the barest current flickered into him , but I poked him with my right hand .
tr	I	I force myself not to gag and hot blood gushes over my hands .
tr	O	I have no idea what they mean and I couldn 't care less .
tr	I	He seemed to do it willingly , surrendering the battle , and Nolan complied .
tr	O	There will be scars , but you will heal .
tr	O	I must finish this floor or Father Anthony will be furious .
tr	O	She didn 't want to know more specifics , and she tried to move back into the house .
tr	I	The gangplank swung closed , and Kaz followed me up .
tr	I	It 's important to make the fans happy and it 's important to have fans like that .
tr	O	There was only one person who could stop Ronan , though , and Adam 's mother didn 't have that number .
tr	O	Part of her wanted to say yes , but the other part of her wanted to wait a little bit .
tr	O	I was tempted to announce my love for her to all the other commuters , but I didn 't want to break this moment .
tr	O	Min stumbled , and he unwillingly forced her down to the ground , easily ignoring her struggles .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to let her walk from the room and his normal cool was agitated .
tr	I	Screaming like a banshee and * * * * * Old Lady Griffin dashed into the clearing , wielding her cane like a battle axe .
tr	O	Alarm filled Marcus ' face and he looked at her sternly .
tr	O	At first , Savannah was smiling , enjoying the fascinating old legend , but a slow dread was beginning to seize her .
tr	I	I know , as always , that I am not alone , and because the moonlight shimmers in the empty wooden chairs around me .
tr	I	Her chestnut eyes glowed beneath long lashes and her chocolate hair curled at her shoulders .
tr	I	Most don 't , but some people seem able to shake it off while it 's just acting like a respiratory bug .
tr	O	You are strong and I admire you a whole lot .
tr	I	Pressed a button and * * * Ariella 's heart pounded as she climbed into the elevator .
tr	O	I didn 't have to turn to know it was Jack , but my eyes were suddenly desperate to catch a glimpse of him again .
tr	I	He was anxious to share them with the jury and he was a man of many opinions .
tr	O	They murmured their good-byes , and Aric left the study .
tr	I	There was also a slight hint of anger in her eyes but her features showed kindness .
tr	O	They are going to give her trouble and as the darkened shadow around one of them turns pitch , I see red .
tr	O	I felt the anger I had felt earlier and it was unleashed .
tr	I	He hadn 't and her father could have put an end to this romance .
tr	I	He never gave up and Klaus had always been a wanderer .
tr	I	The world is under one government : The United Corporations of the World , and Chapter 1 The year is 2161 .
tr	O	Here is a hero but I can shrink you , change you into anything I wish .
tr	I	She wouldn 't now know about it and anything could have been done to her .
tr	O	I 'll find the room , Ryland , but we have to buy ourselves some time .
tr	O	He had promised he would keep the president 's father safe , and a return to prison was better than being dead .
tr	I	Our soldiers weren 't letting them , but some of them tried to surrender .
tr	I	It 's not so bad , but the pain is still there .
tr	O	Knox didn 't want to wait and I didn 't want a big wedding .
tr	I	Everything would seem as if it were going fine and they would start .
tr	I	I did it again before he could cover up but he grabbed for his crotch .
tr	I	I bounced into Stefan 's arm , and Ricki slowed the boat to a stop .
tr	O	She had gotten herself back , and she knew her own worth .
tr	O	I secretly hoped it was the younger , not the older one , but there was no way of knowing .
tr	I	There was no sign of him , but he glanced quickly around the room , half expecting to see Bobby lurking in a corner somewhere .
tr	O	Jenny placed her hand on his shoulder in an attempt to steady his nerves , but he barely felt it .
tr	O	Tables had been arranged and place settings laid out .
tr	O	The guy was not in sight and I could not determine where his voice was coming from .
tr	I	I look down into her eyes and I feel her head move .
tr	I	I was damn good at it and I loved my job .
tr	O	In the flickering romance of candlelight we dined excellently ; but it wasn 't why I 'd come to Cumbria .
tr	O	Amy 's head swiveled towards me , and I tried to backtrack .
tr	O	When the snow melts off in the spring , the grass gets lots of water , and it grows very fast .
tr	O	He was hungry - no , starving - and his whole body was burning with the urge to drink as deeply as he liked .
tr	I	How his letters made me feel and he looked so interested in me .
tr	I	Eve didn 't chalk that up to naivete as she did with most pious people , yet he clearly found strength in being devout .
tr	I	Skylar pouted and Noah started .
tr	I	For a moment the sheer size of it took his breath away , and now they were above the main battle , which raged below them .
tr	I	Panic became a living beast in his chest , clawing at his heart , and Thomas didn 't see Inez in either direction .
tr	I	That would have complicated matters , but we could have given you a new , full life as a Little Person .
tr	O	She 'd even tried curling up on the couch , but thinking about their lovemaking on the soft cushions only made her miss him more .
tr	I	Tully closed her eyes , and he bent lower .
tr	O	It seems to do something to him , but he tries to hide it .
tr	I	With his face so close , I couldn 't help it , but I didn 't plan to do it .
tr	O	It seemed for a moment that he 'd reconsider , but then he shook his head .
tr	I	He tried not to let his hopes get too high , but he might have appealed to their pride a little bit .
tr	O	I do so want you and it was , well , unbelievable .
tr	O	He strode forward , but the old man was gone .
tr	I	John spoke first , but he was about to pronounce the summary of his thoughts on the matter .
tr	I	Lucian is able to control them with only his voice , yet you know vampires will do anything to continue their life .
tr	I	He smelled like an open sewer , and Din was filthy .
tr	O	She stumbled into the cool room under the command of that voice and the world focused .
tr	I	The box fell open and unable to wait any longer , I tugged gently at the ribbon .
tr	O	She 'd done well adapting to the changes , and every day we discussed our future .
tr	I	She especially enjoyed the popcorn but the food was delicious .
tr	I	He 'd put it on his head as he twirled around in circles , and he had a basket of his own today .
tr	O	It would cool before anyone noticed and they would be long gone before that .
tr	O	There were tables already filling up and I had a job to do .
tr	O	His eyes didn 't move from mine , but he swallowed audibly .
tr	O	She glanced away without responding , and Travis went on .
tr	I	Let 's keep it simple , but actually , I 'm a diluted version of his personality embodied in your sub-conscious since birth .
tr	O	She patted the bed beside her and I changed seats as requested .
tr	O	His body tensed and he let out a rough shout of completion as the first wave of release crashed against him .
tr	O	He could see how uncertain she was , but it only made him more determined to push past it .
tr	O	He had known money was tight for the retired couple , and the mounting medical bills couldn 't be making things easy .
tr	O	He 'd actually apologized , which for him was a lot , but he was still not on my favorites list .
tr	I	I could not get their glimpses but I looked around .
tr	I	A little intimidation is good for the soul , but like I said , I didn 't think there 'd be any trouble .
tr	O	I went to talk , but nothing would come out .
tr	O	Tanya motioned for Tom to step forward and he did .
tr	O	A hackneyed phrase to be sure , but one he also deserved .
tr	I	She still wavered on her feet , but as they finally emerged from underneath the bleachers , Balthazar lowered her so that she could stand .
tr	O	The noise abated and his engine was switched off , filling the area with silence .
tr	O	The lock splintered , and the door opened .
tr	O	I hoped that would suffice , and somehow , it did .
tr	I	It will make you feel better but it is only broth .
tr	O	9 The water soaked Sheridan 's hospital gown , making it cling to her , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	Carter raised his glass , and Ethan followed his lead .
tr	I	Emma last stood in this same cemetery before this same sleepy church and it seemed impossible that it had only been twenty-four hours since he .
tr	O	They galloped for a short time , and Mat slowed them at the next corner , holding up a hand .
tr	I	You won 't get in neither , even with that fancy shirt , and ain 't our kind .
tr	I	The farther we go , the uglier it gets , and the compounds feel like they could stretch on forever .
tr	O	There was a tag on a rubber band around my wrist , and I yanked it off , taking some hair along with it .
tr	O	Her eyes revealed the opposite effect , and Ethan could see her racing through the last hour of her life .
tr	O	We 'll answer your questions and Blake will drive you home .
tr	I	Not touching her and living with her , being near her .
tr	O	The walls were draped with white velvet , and the floor polished ebony .
tr	I	Hoping for some type of revelation , but my eyes search his knowing he cannot give me an answer .
tr	O	I turn to leave , but her voice stops me .
tr	O	I did my best to climb the fence gracefully , but it was no use .
tr	O	It was a hard kick , and my side exploded with pain .
tr	I	I looked up and he was silent .
tr	I	He watched her until she was safely inside before driving off and they hugged goodbye .
tr	I	Joshua was her best bet , but the whole thing was scary .
tr	O	Deep somewhere in her heart she was truly grateful , but on the surface she was thinking , How dare he defend me like that !
tr	I	When he saw her , he smiled , all teeth , and he was blind in one eye .
tr	O	In college most of my guy friends watched them , but I never had .
tr	I	It came up coated in white dust and I ran my finger over a shelf .
tr	O	She 's a marriage counselor , and her husband is a pediatrician .
tr	O	Her eyes closed , and her forehead lined .
tr	I	You get the train and I 'm going to cycle there .
tr	O	I shuffled past that vent , so I couldn 't see them , but I could still hear .
tr	I	Then as we got older , there were raves , too , and there have been camping nights .
tr	I	He seemed to enjoy her company , and she knew he found her attractive .
tr	I	He yelped , and I grabbed Mack 's arm .
tr	I	Hank led her daughter into the great room , then out the front door and the two of them stood .
tr	O	She wanted to know why they hadn 't gotten married , but obviously he was avoiding that question .
tr	O	Giselle 's shoulders slumped and she looked even more gaunt , which he hadn 't thought possible .
tr	I	He was against the wall , but he looked behind him .
tr	I	That never seemed to stop women from trying to tame him , but everyone knew Trenton Maddox was bad news .
tr	O	Susan went cold as she stared at the woman , and her emotions sobered .
tr	O	She 'd get part of an idea in her head but getting the words completely through her mouth took effort .
tr	I	Now without her they 've gone feral , and she was the one who tempered them .
tr	I	She leaned back against his chest and his voice was close to her ear .
tr	O	It shook as she stepped on it , and she wondered if it 'd bear her weight without pulling away from the building .
tr	I	He disappeared and with that he turned .
tr	O	I love you and I 'll see you tonight .
tr	O	This was very unusual and it put me quickly on edge .
tr	O	I don 't know how you found me , but I have to make sure you don 't do it again .
tr	O	I 'm fully covered , and a bit in profit over the whole affair .
tr	I	He swallowed hard and his mouth thinned .
tr	I	His breath caught when he saw the exact path the storm had taken and Donovan studied it carefully .
tr	O	He called her name but she didn 't respond .
tr	O	I flinch back , jerking my hands away , but the horn continues to wail .
tr	I	I couldn 't distinguish if there were any words involved , but I could hear the volume of the noise that Lindsey made .
tr	I	I came up on my toes , and Heat sparked between us like two live wires .
tr	O	Exhaustion pulled at her , but she couldn 't stop .
tr	O	He had no idea how he did it , but it always happened when the battle was most desperate , when there was no other hope .
tr	O	The coffee shop was just down the road , and I felt guilty when I saw the prices .
tr	O	He turns on the ignition and the car comes to life .
tr	I	Now she was paying for it , and she hadn 't though this through quite enough .
tr	I	We still just stared at each other , and the doorbell rang again .
tr	O	It was even worse than it sounds , but we enjoyed it .
tr	O	He knew that there were time constraints , but he was caught up in the story .
tr	O	The cuffs could restrain his hands , but they could never stop his music .
tr	O	Something has changed in him , something important , but I don 't know what .
tr	O	I 'm totally thrown by whatever the hell is happening between us and I don 't seem to be able to stop myself from reacting .
tr	I	Her head constantly ached , and she felt beyond dehydrated .
tr	I	She purred for him and he licked her again .
tr	I	We 're headed to the vet , and a bear attacked Charlie .
tr	O	The pain had faded , but she could feel it waiting , perched at the outer edge of her brain biding its time .
tr	I	You come crashing into her life , and she is setting up a business .
tr	O	The words were encased by a thick , grim shell , yet still her voice stroked over him .
tr	I	When he looks up , he 's smiling , which makes me feel very weird , but Coach looks down at his hands for a few moments .
tr	I	He snuffed it out with a decisive blow , but the tiny glow of belonging grew to a strong flare .
tr	O	They were probably useless , but if the rider had companions who were following , they would follow the tracks .
tr	O	The time to open the restaurant had come and guests were arriving when the beef came out of the oven .
tr	O	He caught his lower lip in his teeth , and I was sure it was to contain a laugh .
tr	I	The dragon breaths a stream of fire out of its mouth and there is a laugh .
tr	O	They exchanged some looks , and one of them asked .
tr	O	Sienna responded and I smiled .
tr	O	Rob starts leading me out the door and I suspect this is the end of the tour .
tr	I	It 'd grown since I 'd gotten back into town , and anxiety was my constant companion .
tr	O	Toby pulled the strings now as strongly as anyone in town , and both men knew it .
tr	O	Death might have taken a while to note our presence , but it 's moving swiftly to turn its imprisoned souls against us .
tr	I	He seemed to draw strength from her , and she kissed the top of his head .
tr	O	I noticed the curious glances of patrons near us and I didn 't want to draw any more attention towards us .
tr	I	I had no answers , but questions filled my mind .
tr	I	Then his eyes met Hywel 's , but Gwen thought he was going to dig in his heels when his shoulders tensed .
tr	O	You won 't be afforded such an opportunity , and you know what you told me about grabbing opportunities Donald .
tr	I	I didn 't know where from but he looked so familiar to me .
tr	I	He was curious , too and he knew nothing about Jase .
tr	O	Killing was something Rio was no stranger to , but he 'd never before taken pleasure in it .
tr	I	His tortured expression was almost comical , but I knew I should feel awful .
tr	I	It terrified me and he had never physically hurt me before .
tr	I	Cohen helped me into one of his T-shirts and we made our way clumsily into the bedroom .
tr	I	I suddenly remembered my school days , and these bullies are always the same .
tr	O	My eyes ask for permission and she nods .
tr	O	It was the power hub of the world , and Oliver Russell was the center of that hub .
tr	O	She 'd trusted me , and I had failed her .
tr	O	She scoffed , but the sound of a cell phone going off in another part of the house silenced her .
tr	I	What I didn 't expect was for her to slap me across the face , but I wasn 't sure what to expect .
tr	I	I wondered if I could really do that to my own daughter , and the idea turned my stomach .
tr	O	At our feet , cradled amid a vast confusion of mountains , lay a small valley bright as a gem , but opening southward on our right .
tr	I	My body moves as if jerked by a string , but I don 't want to turn toward the voice .
tr	I	His eyes were large and his face had softened .
tr	O	Andrea had to let go of the nurse , but Dylan moved to block the nurse 's retreat .
tr	O	All it took was a simple nudge in his direction , and after the first date they 'd become inseparable .
tr	O	We glanced around hastily , but the cat had disappeared .
tr	I	She wanted him to give way , and Heat coursed through her own body .
tr	I	The light hit the dark curls , and the late summer sun dyed the wall red behind them .
tr	O	She 'd been crying for days , and she didn 't know if she was ever going to stop .
tr	O	She had known about Al Forte for years , but their relationship had been cemented through their spouses .
tr	O	Her face flushed red and she gave me an awkward smile .
tr	I	They were building it and it was the pulse canon plans .
tr	I	The child was brought back to the family thanks to the relentless strive of the Kerala Police , and the case was reported .
tr	O	They might be perfect for a business venture I have in mind , but I don 't know anything about them .
tr	O	Her power was waning , but the prophet was blocked the exit .
tr	O	Jason 's eyes went wide , and then a grin tugged at his lips .
tr	I	She took his , and ignoring her embarrassment , he held out his hand .
tr	I	I sat down facing her , and she eased herself onto the couch .
tr	I	She had to get it right and she only had one chance to turn the tables on him .
tr	I	You 'd have to be a complete beast to swat butterflies , but they ruined my ferocious badass image .
tr	O	I 've never before seen someone turn blue , just heard the expression , but I 'm worried about you getting hypothermia .
tr	I	He said so , and Reuben was grateful .
tr	I	I don 't know how to stop them , and tears prick at the backs of my lashes .
tr	O	You 're definitely not excited about this , and we 're on the verge of leaving .
tr	I	Her brow puckered and her eyes narrowed .
tr	O	He called her repeatedly but she didn 't answer .
tr	I	He didn 't want to lose her and Mia could keep something secret .
tr	O	He was going to be the first to reach the dragon and he was going to slay it with his bare immortal hands .
tr	I	I heard it , but I missed seeing Griffin 's entrance .
tr	O	They swirl around the small ballroom , and April finds me in the corner .
tr	I	He 's hanging in there , but the doctors couldn 't believe he was still alive .
tr	I	I needed the money from the sale , but I was loath to drive a stolen car an hour away .
tr	O	He clicked on it , and the Mehra file opened .
tr	I	He looked like a child , and the lines from the man 's face had gone .
tr	I	I had my fingers crossed the whole time and I wasn 't sure she bought my acting .
tr	O	Reggie began to understand with growing horror that this might actually happen and there may be nothing he could do to get out of it .
tr	O	There were long , dark shadows at the back door , and the scratching noise had grown louder .
tr	O	Evelyn was always very respectful of his wishes , but today she ignored his plea for silence .
tr	O	Even now she could feel the darkness shrouding his soul and the iron control he was exerting to contain it .
tr	I	The taxi inched into traffic , and the driver started his meter .
tr	O	He obviously didn 't trust Liam , but with a man down , they had to use him .
tr	I	The wind told him different , but below him the region looked stable .
tr	O	Shawn 's first reaction was to call Lynette on her cell phone but he changed his mind .
tr	I	For the helmet , that would 've been her skull ; but a fragment of her helmet lay shattered against the snowy ground .
tr	I	I didn 't like where this was going , and the feeling of someone watching us persisted .
tr	O	It rang once , twice , three times , and she prayed that someone would pick up .
tr	O	His eyes were dancing and she let out a huffy breath .
tr	O	Jem slashed away at him with the blade , but it seemed only to slow the man down .
tr	O	The boats might go west but they would never go home .
tr	O	The sand was damp , and there was a cool breeze .
tr	O	We had a week together and it didn 't work out .
tr	I	He could feel sadness radiating out from her with every single movement , but she wasn 't crying .
tr	I	She leaned into the kiss , telling him without words that she liked it and there wasn 't anything to be nervous about .
tr	O	She needed an out , and she needed it now .
tr	O	This was supposed to make me feel better , but it didn 't .
tr	O	They 'd told him that he needed to see the shooting in a larger context , but Diego knew damn well that there was no larger context .
tr	I	It was obvious that it had troubled her greatly , but he did not know what had happened with Luther .
tr	O	The boy with me was used to the place but I , of course , wasn 't .
tr	I	She can tell he is mad , but he isn 't looking at her .
tr	I	A certain magic is gone out of the world , a wet magic , but then the color is still there .
tr	I	Oliver loved it , and Power was a seductive mistress .
tr	O	I didn 't know what I 'd just had , but I knew a large portion of it was alcohol .
tr	O	The lower jaw collapsed and the mouth fell open .
tr	O	Lea remembered the one thing that she was actually good for , and it paid well too .
tr	I	It was clean , but thanks to my momma 's smoking habit the place smelled like stale smoke .
tr	O	Michaels frowned , and the Inquisitors all wore grim expressions .
tr	I	She disregarded that guess instantly , but David 's was the first name she thought of .
tr	I	That obviously wasn 't enough , but she knew the mechanics .
tr	I	The creator of the first blanket beamed her delight , and all the ladies cheered .
tr	O	She hung up before replying , but again , I ignored it .
tr	I	Sticking out of the car were two legs and the door was open .
tr	I	Stealing his breath and tightening her muscles .
tr	I	He was falling more under her spell by the minute and she truly was a beautiful lass .
tr	O	His muscles didn 't work quite as they should , and he felt as if he was moving in slow motion .
tr	O	They looked at each other again and Detective Mercer shrugged .
tr	I	It was almost impossible , but I tried to maintain my game face .
tr	O	I had a pen in my jeans , and I wanted to get it out .
tr	O	The note was late , but it would be an unexpected development that would keep the police busy chasing up worthless leads .
tr	O	Tavi froze , and his mouth went dry .
tr	O	I claw at the hands holding me , but I only end up scratching myself .
tr	I	Julia couldn 't believe her eyes and he looked for a second uncertain .
tr	I	A soft breeze whispered across the back of her neck , and the scent of yellow mustard tickled Emma 's nose .
tr	O	Mr Johnson speaks softly in agreement but I also hear the amusement behind the words .
tr	I	Stopped when he saw Jin , but he asked , looking around .
tr	O	Realm stiffens next to me , and his hands fall away .
tr	O	My mind stayed human , but my senses were animal .
tr	O	Dermot had been sure about Bill , but he didn 't sound so sure about Eric .
tr	I	Her face was pale and her eyes were wide .
tr	O	It took twenty minutes for him to reach the Loop , but he didn 't stop there .
tr	O	Kira waited for what seemed like an eternity , but nothing happened .
tr	O	She opened it slowly and I saw both of her parents on the couch watching TV .
tr	O	Isaac waved from the darkness of his past and James forced his lids open .
tr	I	He noticed she was shaking a little from his caresses , and she lay back .
tr	O	The rage in his eyes terrified me , and any thoughts of fighting back rushed away as he yanked me into the bushes .
tr	O	A string of boats were moored there and she stepped into one , careful not to rock it overly much .
tr	I	I stared at each other in astonishment and the message replayed as Michelle .
tr	I	She was right about bringing Sis ' Shirley along and she was right to do what she did yesterday .
tr	I	I hoped her change of heart didn 't have anything to do with her midday rendezvous , but I liked this new Nina .
tr	I	His fangs had extended at the taste of blood , even his own , and I could clearly see that it was still bleeding .
tr	I	Again , he was starving , but Michael almost laughed out loud .
tr	O	Briggs opened the card , and a photograph fell out .
tr	I	He was also enjoying irritating Dean , but he might have wanted a sandwich .
tr	I	I 'd bet money his Dad was the cause and something was definitely going on with Marcus 's family .
tr	O	We heard a rustling in the leaves far away , but then we heard giggling .
tr	O	My eyelids grew heavy and I was having trouble keeping them open .
tr	I	He couldn 't bring himself to say the words , but Gene had his familiar thoughts about what was equitable .
tr	O	He had a heart attack a few years ago , and his wife stays after him to take it easy .
tr	O	They make no beautiful things , but they make many clever ones .
tr	O	I thought I was clarifying , but it seems like I 'm only more jumbled .
tr	I	You 're not , but I 'd understand if you were thinking with your dick .
tr	I	I don 't know why and I don 't like it when he calls me it .
tr	I	Here I was being a follower and Khan had just finished explaining to me that we were meant to hunt alone .
tr	I	The answer was immediate , and Kat 's eyes met mine .
tr	I	I don 't remember that , really , but they said I tried to get out .
tr	O	I asked her , but she ignored me .
tr	O	His skin was warm against mine , and I felt safer than I had in a while .
tr	I	Brown skin marked the spots where ears might have been , but there were no visible ears .
tr	O	I wanted to ask her about herself , but I was afraid the guys would overhear .
tr	O	The woman is a nut and if she 's gotten herself pregnant , there is no way it 's yours .
tr	I	They were overjoyed and nothing this exciting had ever happened to them before .
tr	I	It wasn 't as hostile as it had been , but her voice wasn 't warm .
tr	O	Gol 's eye closed and she let out a sigh .
tr	I	Crimson knew enough about me to know that , and I wasn 't really one for playing games .
tr	O	Soon enough instinct took over and she did what he said .
tr	O	His hair was shorter than she 'd realized before , but then he 'd worn his hood most of the time .
tr	O	The floor seemed to vibrate under his feet and he knew there was no aftershock this time .
tr	O	I 'd tell her everything that was going on and then hope she wasn 't angry at me for keeping it all from her for so long .
tr	O	I bite my tongue and we continue in silence .
tr	O	She was staring down at Vic , and I saw her face .
tr	O	He didn 't even deny they had been lovers , and a year wasn 't as long ago as he made it out to be .
tr	O	Summer had stayed late , and then the trees had turned their leaves quickly .
tr	O	Their marriage would work and it would be excellent .
tr	O	The laundry room door creaks open and we slip inside the tiny room barely large enough to contain both of us at the same time .
tr	O	He did blink , but it wasn 't long .
tr	I	It 's a small place , but Silicon Valley covers a big area .
tr	I	I didn 't have the energy to move again for several minutes , and just that small motion had exhausted what little strength I had left .
tr	I	The bombings took place anyway , resulting in the loss of several thousand civilian lives and this memo was supposedly ignored by the administration .
tr	O	It is as if this is all prearranged , and we are walking into a spider 's web .
tr	O	On the plane she 'd rehearsed several apologies , but none sounded quite right so she 'd have to wing it now .
tr	I	Now I don 't , but I thought I did .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought that Grandma wasn 't going to answer me , but she finally let out another soft sigh .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed as she made sense of the name , and confusion creased her forehead .
tr	I	It didn 't stop the jealousy that sprang up out of nowhere , but being aware of the truth made it awkward to talk about Mark .
tr	I	I suddenly felt a little awkward and he looked contemplative as he watched the floor numbers light up .
tr	O	He would have stayed all night , but Brenda handed him the keys to her car .
tr	I	Some people aren 't going to understand them , and Mr. Winkler , I have decisions to make .
tr	I	They had and he 'd waited for them to resurface .
tr	I	He didn 't care but an audience was gathering .
tr	O	She had cut the tie first , but she 'd paid the price .
tr	I	I wasn 't to blame , but I squeaked out possibly the stupidest question .
tr	O	His arms were slightly bent at his side , and legs were partly separated .
tr	O	It 's just not fair that you have to provide everything essential for the kids and he just gets to have fun .
tr	O	Chapter Four THE SAVAGE BEAST The air was thick and damp , the sharp smell of ozone signaling rain .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say but T-Bone looked at me like it was my time to speak .
tr	O	Lord Hastings stepped forward into the light of the raging fire , and Becky 's heart raced .
tr	I	Tears began to trickle down her face and she felt her throat build up with pressure .
tr	O	We 're staying here one more day , and then we 'll be heading toward Plymouth also .
tr	O	He had tried to do something to help once , but he learned there wasn 't anything to be done .
tr	I	You can 't go on living in the same house as me , and you can 't go on working in the yard .
tr	O	It 's a weird story , but I don 't want to talk it .
tr	O	His Dana was in danger and he was furious that he hadn 't been there to protect her .
tr	I	He 'll come crawling back to me , and one day Ares will get over himself .
tr	O	It felt like she entered a different world , and yet it felt familiar , almost like home .
tr	O	He had heard what Yves said , and he knew it for a falsehood .
tr	O	I stopped at a hipster bar to have a few beers but it only made me feel more like a stranger .
tr	O	He switched off the engine , moving to stand beside me and he opened the bike 's storage compartment .
tr	O	She caught the glint of guilt in my eye mid-sentence , and I reflexively turned to look away when she persisted in staring back .
tr	O	I would bury him forever but you stop me !
tr	I	I put my hand on her back , guiding her towards the kitchen and Sarah gives me a weak smile .
tr	O	He had not counted on her reaction , and he felt like a heel for not calling her sooner .
tr	O	Daemon groaned louder , but this groan sounded less sincere .
tr	I	I had heard enough to understand it , but Raziel never got to finish explaining his plan .
tr	O	I 'm sorry for what happened to you , but Brian really does like you .
tr	O	The Watson story would overshadow my own for a while , but once that was over , it would be my turn .
tr	I	She 'd gotten her wish , but she couldn 't know it .
tr	I	It was good , and Conner let me take mine first .
tr	I	It was as good a place as any , but he didn 't know why he wanted to go home .
tr	O	The shock caused his knees to fold and he hit the road with a thud .
tr	O	It would be best for all if Frederick was not a candidate for the throne , but Leopold knew that was impossible .
tr	O	Cricket isn 't cool in the same sense as Max , but he 's the most interesting person I know .
tr	O	He 'd just found Emily , and he wasn 't losing her .
tr	I	Elise is awake , sitting close to April , who has carefully braided her hair , but in the cabin , Henry is still asleep .
tr	O	I left him , but he followed me .
tr	O	I feel angry , small , stupid and his calm confidence is unnerving me .
tr	O	She is an Outsider , and it 's clear to everyone that Madam Uri hates living in the Cueva , even more than the other Outsiders .
tr	I	Together they walked on under the bridge , the traffic thundering over their heads and she fell into step beside him .
tr	I	Harriet knew The Economy of Aberdeen would be well on its way now , and the sea had turned choppy .
tr	I	I couldn 't believe her composure , and Elsa didn 't bothered to check .
tr	O	A current slid into him , but he didn 't pull away .
tr	I	Sometimes she agreed to special orders , and people bought what was on the shelves .
tr	O	It was faint , but he heard it .
tr	O	She didn 't want to know , but she wanted it to go away .
tr	O	Jerome of the cathedral was there , and he looked miserable over the proceedings .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite as confident as all that , but I knew that he needed to hear it .
tr	I	He wasn 't there but I spun around quickly .
tr	I	Hart carried her up to bed , and she almost dropped in her tracks from exhaustion .
tr	I	It wouldn 't last forever , but there was a great deal of money in the bag , supposedly .
tr	I	We entered what appeared to be a dojo , and he parked the car .
tr	I	It was pretty damning and I saw the evidence .
tr	I	I howled in sudden blazing pain as they yanked me face first into cold water and fishing hooks jumped out of the journal into my soft eyes .
tr	O	Craig hated to disturb the man from recovery , but he was in need of some important advice .
tr	I	The pressure somehow seemed less , but the masses still piled up .
tr	O	I wanted to stay lost forever , but all too soon I felt him pull away .
tr	O	Marci is still missing and no one seems to know where she is either .
tr	I	All hoped it would never happen again and nothing like it had ever happened before in the history of Astoria .
tr	O	I knew she was right too , but I had to try .
tr	O	The electricity pounding through my veins was intense , but it was also focused .
tr	O	I know he 's young , but he does a great job .
tr	O	It might not reflect on your scorecard , but it should .
tr	I	He cut her off , but she opened her mouth .
tr	I	He was already speaking into the mouthpiece , but she let out a yelp of protest .
tr	O	There was no fire crackling in the hearth behind him , and no office noises filtering in from the other side of the wide double doors .
tr	I	I did , and I wanted to make my own way .
tr	I	I cried out and her touch was painful .
tr	O	I pulled my hand out of my bag holding my digital camera and he relaxed .
tr	I	I felt my eyes fill up with tears , and that one made me lose it .
tr	I	I had to tell her something , but my mom stressed out way too easily .
tr	I	It made me ill to look at mine but we had agreed to continue wearing our rings to keep up appearances .
tr	I	Daniel came back and the girls sat .
tr	I	She ducked inside and he opened the door .
tr	I	Sherry was very impressed , and she cleaned meticulously .
tr	O	Her h * ps swung from side to side , and her tits moved with each beat .
tr	O	He 'd have to move and his next step would seal my fate .
tr	I	The view was a mountainous terrain , but Behind here looked like a window .
tr	O	There was no end and there was no light .
tr	I	With a second thought she pulled it back , but Aisling 's hand hovered above the mushroom .
tr	I	Jared let out a breath of relief , fol owed by a smal smile , and a smal sigh emanated throughout the chapel .
tr	I	There was one awkward moment of silence , and Charlie helped Franz unload the luggage in the back of the automobile .
tr	O	he roars , and I about wets me pants .
tr	O	It wasn 't like him to allow anyone to push him around , and his resistance to that showed , even when he was in character .
tr	I	Her wings caused a slight breeze as they flapped frantically and she looked like she was wearing the wood as clothes .
tr	O	She breaks her stare and when she does I feel a pull leave me .
tr	O	Calder is staring straight at the door , and his hands have curled into fists .
tr	I	Because I had not witnessed the gradual topographic expansion , this sudden revelation was staggering , and it had changed overnight .
tr	I	I believe our present leaders realize this and we can learn a great deal from you .
tr	O	I have to admit , if you 're having a total freak-out it doesn 't do squat , but the placebo effect was always worth pursuing .
tr	O	Draping her arms around him for a moment and exchanging a very passionate kiss .
tr	I	The only upsetting occurrence was the rainy , gloomy weather , and Chocolate Fair The next days passed by without any incident .
tr	O	The pulsing within the sould got stronger , and a sense of power caressed the air .
tr	O	Tonight was my turn and I couldn 't wait .
tr	I	You 're going to the performance at the Strand and you 're going to a nice dinner with Alex .
tr	O	I was no expert on kidnapping , but these guys appeared to be careful .
tr	I	Sam caught a glimpse of scarlet , and came Vale 's shout again .
tr	O	You 're definite or you 're dead .
tr	I	We walked inside and I hooked my arm around his .
tr	O	As the gray sun faded to night , the fires were banked , and the exhausted villagers closed their eyes on the panic of the day .
tr	O	I turn about to ask him what 's wrong , but the door flies open again .
tr	I	The office shuddered , and a muffled boom sounded from somewhere far below .
tr	I	She would know her voice anywhere but Julia had never met Sam Thornton .
tr	I	I doubted she ever would , but I knew she was trying to understand what I was saying .
tr	O	Something is stirring in her , and it 's all for me .
tr	I	He knew he 'd miss her , and he 'd never see her again .
tr	I	I could see a man trapped by his position , but no remorse reflected back at me .
tr	O	Hollywood was full of working writers , but I was not one of them .
tr	O	He heaved it to me and I jumped to grab it .
tr	I	It had taken him a while to realize he could do a whole lot better than her and she must have bewitched him somehow .
tr	I	Lytle Creek was a real gem , tucked away amongst tall peaks and I had always liked the San Gabriel 's canyons .
tr	O	She had never dropped into Home Cookin between mealtimes before , and she 'd never set foot in the double-wide trailer set up behind the restaurant .
tr	O	He whispered he was just going to his room for a little bit and he would be right back .
tr	O	A chamber ensemble began playing from his caster , and he waited , helpless to do anything else .
tr	I	It was difficult for him but hands in his pockets , Rash looked like he wanted to say something .
tr	O	Dillon was not familiar with any black girls but he thought immediately that this one was very beautiful .
tr	I	It would hold me just as effectively , but the room may not have looked like a traditional prison cell .
tr	I	He jerked back , raising his fist as if he were going to punch me , too , but I touched his elbow .
tr	I	You need to avoid him , but I don 't know where they went .
tr	I	His eyes never wavered from his opponent , yet the crowd , it felt like on both sides , was cheering at him .
tr	I	This one was slower than the first , but when one piece ended , another began .
tr	O	Desperation takes hold of his heart , but even so , he feels a more important urge to fight for her .
tr	O	As it flew open , I fell to the right , and Yang rushed forward , sweeping the room .
tr	I	Zoe braced for the rebut she expected , and he cleared his throat .
tr	O	Things would just appear in my fridge that I didn 't buy , and she would plead innocence .
tr	I	The other was dead to him , but only two were in graves .
tr	I	The flip-top gave way , and it hit the wall .
tr	O	Shaking , I tried to grip the armrests of the chair , but the chair wasn 't there anymore .
tr	O	Mutual laughter filled both their minds and they broke the connection .
tr	O	Maybe it doesn 't start with a V , but I feel like it has one in it .
tr	O	A gray , thick sky promised something ugly , and a testy wind stirred up dust devils .
tr	I	Nick managed to find a movie that we could agree on and we sat on opposite ends of the couch .
tr	I	I sure was good at keeping this little munchkin entertained , but I may have not had Ariana 's magic touch when it came to children .
tr	I	I was still broken , but he might have healed .
tr	I	I couldn 't tell you what his ordinary facial expression really meant , but I can 't say the goblin looked pleased to see us .
tr	O	He wagged his eyebrows at me and I laughed .
tr	O	He looked away and that was it .
tr	O	Reason took over then , and I grabbed the grate .
tr	O	Other people develop Diabetes , usually through overeating , and they do have the disease because their bodies previously experienced life without it .
tr	I	Our feelings for each other are genuine , but I 'm sorry we 've gotten so off track together .
tr	O	I assumed it was the same Cole , but it was the normal question to ask .
tr	O	She removed her hand from mine and I found Fabian frowning at me .
tr	O	Defending himself in the nude was something he had done only once before , and vowed would never happen again .
tr	O	Tony got clipped in the hand , and the rest of us responded with hundreds of rounds .
tr	O	She lets go of my hand and her eyes lock on the lake .
tr	O	I heard my own harsh cry and I was on my knees next to Rene in a flash .
tr	O	Grief filled me , and my knees trembled .
tr	I	There was more blood , and they fell to the ground , kicking .
tr	I	There was no help for that , and she was coming to her termination .
tr	O	You asked me to talk to you and I had nothing better to do so I did .
tr	I	There was no one there , but he flicked on the switch .
tr	I	I was trying to save him , and Jack was trying to save me .
tr	O	We made it to the top and he turned us to the crowd .
tr	O	I didn 't like the ruse , but I could think of no reason not to go .
tr	O	Rick clips another slide in place and I peer through the microscope .
tr	O	Declan felt her trying to pull away but he wasn 't done with her yet .
tr	O	The streetlight didn 't quite reach the patio , and the outside lights hadn 't been turned on .
tr	I	She slid a bite of dessert into his open mouth and it dispelled more when he leaned forward .
tr	I	I was more confused than ever , but I could tell from Neil 's expression that he was hoping that had made sense to me .
tr	I	Suddenly he felt a little foolish for donning a pair of expensive white trainers for their jaunt , and Ryan did .
tr	I	I slid into the passenger seat , and he opened the door to his shiny new hybrid .
tr	O	Stars swam before my eyes , but I tried to wait out the torrential wave like Finn had taught me .
tr	I	Logic was not getting a vote , but she knew she shouldn 't want it .
tr	O	They often provide me with helpful information , and I pay well to be well informed .
tr	O	The mere sight of him made my heart beat in double time , and I resisted the urge to wake him for round two .
tr	I	The blade was a battered lump of flint , and the haft of the axe was now little more than a splintered stick .
tr	I	Ragnar gave a small nod of his head , and she glanced back at the Horde dragons watching them .
tr	I	She 'd always remembered it , and it was a comparison Rob had made once .
tr	I	He knew he had begun to feel numb to it , but he didn 't feel any pain .
tr	O	Her wand was in her hand and she was laughing hysterically .
tr	O	I called after her , but she didn 't stop .
tr	O	The innocent curse didn 't surprise him , but the panicked shock bubbling from it did .
tr	I	Luther couldn 't distinguish them , but all the voices were familiar .
tr	O	I backed as far into the wall as I could , but he just pushed himself further into me .
tr	O	My extraordinary sense of hearing would certainly be able to depict every word of his conversation , but I cracked my window just in case .
tr	I	Martin began sending a monthly check , but the letter was never published .
tr	I	It appeared his influence was still questionable , and Alistair had always been dragging him into one crazed adventure after another in their youth .
tr	I	Her nerves were strung so tightly that she was certain she hadn 't covered her insult , but she tried not to flinch .
tr	I	He couldn 't help smiling , and she sent him a pointed look .
tr	O	She pulled at the restraints , but they wouldn 't budge .
tr	I	Marty came in with a grin , and a truck pulled up just as Shawn got the last brush cleaned out .
tr	O	Josephine focused on closing the flow of power but nothing happened .
tr	O	His eyes bulged and his head swam .
tr	I	The town was still quiet , and it was mid-morning , though .
tr	O	The great hall had stood since the time of Edward III and it first came into Stafford hands in Duke Humphrey 's time .
tr	I	Then bowed , smiling sheepishly , and Davion held himself for a moment .
tr	I	Jasper 's instincts were telling him it was true , but they 'd check the story on the shrink .
tr	O	Close behind them rode hundreds of seasoned warriors , and behind them rode the horde in its thousands .
tr	I	Genny 's father 's incarceration would easily become a death sentence , and if he was so motivated , he could contract a vicious assault .
tr	O	Her hair stood on end and she collapsed to her knees .
tr	O	He 'd asked her not to cover up her body and that was the first thing she was looking to do .
tr	O	I don 't know who Hunter is , and now I can 't go to class .
tr	I	The barrel was pointed right at me and she was holding a gun .
tr	O	Some of it overflowed slightly , making her blood boil and her hands squeeze into such tight fists that her nails pierced the skin of her palms .
tr	O	The flames got through my skull , immediately stabbing at my brain and the bolts of flames were tearing through it .
tr	I	He found himself being pulled toward her , but he didn 't know what to say .
tr	I	Slung it over my shoulder and I picked my bag off the floor .
tr	O	It took several deep breaths before he realised the movement had stopped and he was still safe inside the hangar .
tr	I	He stared intently at her and he wore a heavy frown .
tr	O	His hand found the edge of my shirt and it traveled up until he cupped my breast .
tr	O	Then her mother had died before Luna reached puberty , and Luna had gone through her first shift with no support at all .
tr	O	I 've been poring through databases since we talked earlier , and I 've got nothing about the sale of the car .
tr	I	They were going to find it , and there was information to be had .
tr	O	At first he thought her hair was gray like his grandma 's , but that wasn 't right .
tr	I	He wrapped his arms around her and Leah sat next to him .
tr	I	She was starting to get hungry , and it was past lunchtime .
tr	O	It was cold out there , bitterly cold , but she barely felt the ice around her .
tr	O	Austin looked at the brightly lit shelves , and her eyes were immediately drawn to an icing covered dessert .
tr	I	The door panels stayed closed for several minutes , and the elevator door closed before she could exit .
tr	I	There was no way Aden had met this particular cow , and Cheese came from cows .
tr	O	Its grip weakened , and Cindy easily tore the weapon from its hands .
tr	O	I was facing Zeus , and Hades was behind me .
tr	O	The rest of the day passed quickly , and it was soon dusk .
tr	O	I looked up at her and she smiled at me .
tr	O	My eyes scanned the water for Janet , but I didn 't see her .
tr	O	I 've had time to think , and I believe I know what 's happening .
tr	I	I am lost in his embrace and his kisses go from tender to all consuming .
tr	O	At least this was a distraction for Cassie and she didn 't have to worry about herself .
tr	O	He was just a few steps away from her and Mia could feel him already .
tr	O	Joe was in a pretty good mood , and he hit that bottle hard that evening .
tr	I	I stop when she pushes him down , then gets right back to what she 's doing , but my feet start to carry me forward .
tr	I	He guesses it 's true , but that sounds strange to Elijah .
tr	O	Everyone was looking up at Chewy , and Clint could hear their complaints .
tr	O	Ink didn 't want to think about the old guy at the cabin , but L.J. brought it up all the time .
tr	I	He would get stronger , but now he was weak .
tr	I	I turn to Jaxon as I pick up my jacket up off the floor in the corner of the garage and they start arguing .
tr	O	There wasn 't any such thing as a bad blowjob , but the really , really good ones weren 't all that common either .
tr	I	Again she looked away , and she read the meaning in his glance .
tr	I	He hadn 't known anything about her , but it was no secret he 'd been attracted to her from day one .
tr	I	They call Phil and Andy signs off .
tr	O	He tasted more like me than him , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	His voice was urgent and his eyes were bright .
tr	I	The pain , with every inch of his hips , was unendurable , but he tried to shuffle his body , so that it faced upwards .
tr	I	She rose early to make her preparations , and it was still raining the next morning .
tr	O	There is nothing overtly sexual about the pose and if anything , the contact appears fatherly .
tr	I	At least we knew it was safe to eat , but this pizza didn 't look half as good as the one Wendell had ordered for us .
tr	I	The third was blinking , and two of them were solid .
tr	O	She 'd never heard of anyone puking up a vital organ , but odds were she was missing a lung right now .
tr	O	I turned back around in my seat and Wyatt shook his head .
tr	O	I immediately felt guilty , and I slouched toward her .
tr	O	The television was off and there was no music .
tr	O	Sam sat back in her chair as she tried to accept that , and then glanced at him sharply as a question suddenly occurred to her .
tr	O	The universe is rich with raw materials and if you already have the systems in place to harvest them , you can do so .
tr	I	The fear had felt very real , and the man had almost gotten her .
tr	O	Wandering , we find the area , and she checks out every angle .
tr	O	He drew a sharp breath at the first touch , and she loved this ; the moment when a man was helpless to her touch .
tr	I	With his help , I push onto the other shore , but it rushes at my legs , trying to topple me .
tr	I	I don 't care and I don 't know what kind it is .
tr	O	It would take the officers a little while to get here , but he knew they were closing in .
tr	I	She was sure that Josh was feeling the same way , and it had been at least thirty hours since she had a meal .
tr	I	He fitted them together and Mada noticed that they were of the same fruit .
tr	I	Any hesitation in her body evaporated as the pulsing need of desire overcame her senses , and then he bent his head down again .
tr	I	His face was redder than ever , and he was holding another glass .
tr	O	We got halfway down the lane and Ty was drumming on his knees .
tr	I	It 's not easy , but it can be overcome .
tr	I	He 's off trying to stay out of jail , but you 're supposed to be holing up at Dylan 's house .
tr	O	I pet her head and she licked my hand .
tr	I	Ty could see his body coiling in the moonlight , but the man didn 't respond .
tr	O	My body filled with pain , and I screamed shaking uncontrollably .
tr	I	We had to head to class and she asked as the bell rang .
tr	I	She hid her anger well , but Jennifer was angry .
tr	I	We 'll end up sharing the same fate as Kevin or once we 're plugged in , we can 't disconnect .
tr	I	There was something about her , a spark that made her ... unforgettable , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	I could only stare , bewildered , but I knew the words meant something .
tr	O	I asked for admittance and they let me inside .
tr	I	I wonder if I should be writing it all down , and I try to remember everything he 's telling me .
tr	I	The cruise control would get stuck on the interstate and it had a tendency to die at stop lights .
tr	O	I 'm simplifying , but she did .
tr	I	I should not like to say I heard a voice pronounce it : but I heard Ransom 's name pronounced .
tr	O	Gratitude wasn 't flowing , but Jane 's blood was .
tr	O	Then his eyes became marble , and his body leaned to one side , a long , rattling sigh escaping from it as it relaxed in death .
tr	I	Nerves darkened her eyes , and her smile flickered .
tr	I	I was so screwed up , but I didn 't want to leave you .
tr	I	The springs creaked and he leaned back in his chair .
tr	I	I could hear her footsteps pounding against the stairs to the top floor and as I dealt the next hand , Alexa walked down the hall .
tr	O	It had been years since he 'd seen her , and even then she 'd inevitably been with Jessica , who always stole his attention .
tr	O	I half expect him to yell at me , for putting a guy before the world 's needs , but he simply nods .
tr	O	I provided a detailed statement , and the judge has it , so there is very little left to argue , as I see it .
tr	I	She pulls it away , but I grab her hand .
tr	I	This puzzled him very much , and the wings were perfectly recognizable .
tr	I	That was that and you left .
tr	O	She was grateful for the tiny bikini that didn 't hide much of her skin from his hands but it still wasn 't enough .
tr	I	She thought it was , or it was Wes Harris .
tr	I	She didn 't even bother to come to the hospital , and Brand could 've died in surgery for all his mother knew .
tr	I	The didn 't reply a smile , but Carmel smiled at him slightly as if she knew him .
tr	O	Her lips moved , but no sound emerged .
tr	I	No one left the store , and it was still raining , though .
tr	I	He had to figure out her involvement in this mess , and she was driving him insane .
tr	O	I am the person I am because of her , and I awaken each day reminded of how she has contributed to my existence .
tr	O	I tightened my grip , but I didn 't swing .
tr	O	She 'd asked them repeatedly if they would prefer another decorator from Ross 's business , and they 'd insisted she was their first choice .
tr	I	Insulting Tiny just wasn 't on in her books , but it was bad enough she kept reading her thoughts .
tr	O	His ornately carved white wood chair wasn 't quite a throne , but it would do .
tr	I	He shook his head , but I tried to kiss him again .
tr	I	Quinn didn 't have one of those , either ... but instead , they used pain switches to ensure compliance .
tr	I	He will be bitter about this development and he 's a gifted , independent boy .
tr	I	He still wasn 't giving in completely , but the little guy didn 't protest as he had the day before .
tr	I	She clamped her mouth shut , but when hell freezes over came to mind .
tr	O	She 'd fought so hard to keep it her own secret and she didn 't want anyone to know , not until she 'd found her brother .
tr	O	Margaret blushed , and Allan guessed he had the truth of it .
tr	O	Stephanie was my friend , and she really liked him .
tr	O	Now this guy comes along and you jump all over him like Taylor never existed .
tr	O	No sooner than her voice clicks off , my door bursts open and Eden comes running in with two exasperated nurses hot on his tail .
tr	O	Edward held out his hand to Corinne and she placed hers within it .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , yet he gave me a concerned look .
tr	O	I couldn 't remember the last time I 'd lain down during the day , but I was feeling very strange .
tr	O	They had offered their lives to save us , and I wanted to repay that .
tr	I	They collapsed within minutes and my defenses were puny .
tr	O	That was an illogical reaction and I had to banish it .
tr	O	The day had been exhausting and she quickly fell into a hot , unsettled sleep .
tr	O	His lips mouthed words I couldn 't hear but I assumed were prayers .
tr	I	His breathing came in short spurts , and the heavy smoke made it impossible for him to open his eyes .
tr	I	I handed him one of my extra napkins , but a rather dashing whipped cream mustache it was .
tr	I	I went flying with the fixture into the other room and he leapt out of the way as the chain broke .
tr	O	There was no pain , but something had gone wrong .
tr	I	He never said a word about it , but Justin had problems with the kids at school too .
tr	O	There were field headquarters in every sector , but she seemed to prefer the one in Gamma , which was his .
tr	I	I don 't leave , but he isn 't there .
tr	I	He decided he had better break the kiss before things got out of hand and his lower body tightened predictably .
tr	O	I don 't know how Sarah got those pages , but I don 't think she had the whole diary .
tr	I	His gran 's a dear and his dad 's a gentleman .
tr	I	The thought of Lexa succeeding wasn 't in the plans , but he could tell she really wanted to find out everything she could .
tr	I	When I snapped my head up , no one was there and Sophie was glancing at the corner .
tr	I	They were confined to barracks and the departure was delayed for a month .
tr	I	It 's even worse doing it in the neighborhood , but its bad enough we have to fight at all .
tr	O	They focused on me , and now I couldn 't be entirely sure that I didn 't pee myself .
tr	O	She stared at me and then , without warning , dove for the syringe again .
tr	O	He looked hurt , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	He thought this would have been good for me , but he couldn 't let it happen because of political considerations .
tr	I	She wasn 't accustomed to taking risks like Hailey and the whole bubbly thing didn 't work for her .
tr	I	I don 't think so , but it could be my imagination .
tr	O	Still unfocused , he stared at her , but she got the sense that although his eyes were on her , he wasn 't really seeing her .
tr	O	You don 't just fall in love in a day and you don 't fall in love in one day either .
tr	O	Max attempted to stifle his laugh but it didn 't work .
tr	I	I knew they had to be somewhere if the shrieks echoing through the hallways were any indication , but I hadn 't seen either of the guys .
tr	O	Then I wondered if I should call my mother , and it didn 't seem like such a bad idea to tell her where I was going .
tr	O	Tiberius waited a second for an objection , but none was forthcoming .
tr	I	He cuts me off , but I open my mouth to protest .
tr	O	March was early to rely on good weather , but people were thoroughly enjoying the warmer , sunny days .
tr	I	He was on me ... and I opened my mouth .
tr	O	Sarah turned and her eyes widened as she looked over the man attached to the sultry voice .
tr	O	Aidan hit Necrosis with a wave of fire , but it had no effect .
tr	I	I knew why and she seemed surprised .
tr	O	Tony knew as well , but they were keeping the secret for the moment .
tr	O	He was supposed to be an up-and-comer , and he didn 't disappoint .
tr	O	Max knew my parents would be out to get him , and he 's called them on it by showing up tonight .
tr	I	His soul ruined it , but his new body was just as good-looking as the last .
tr	O	He had seen Leslie at the back of the church , and he had had an uneasy feeling .
tr	O	They were honest enough , but they were a nuisance .
tr	I	His throat tightened and he was reminded of his daughter Anne .
tr	O	She had been left alone , and she had also been left empty .
tr	I	I could see that even Arian was feeling queasy at the thought and her announcement , made out of the blue , had me gulping .
tr	I	To risk it all to be known around mortals -- or to remain forever in a hidden identity ?
tr	O	He pauses , lowering his head , and I think he might be crying .
tr	I	They didn 't initiate any more conversation , and I couldn 't think of anything else to talk about .
tr	O	She didn 't know why but this was something more than just sex .
tr	O	Let 's swap cards , and you be sure to tell Jack I am thinking about him .
tr	I	Will recognized the concern on his face , and her husband , Jack Griffin , stood attentively by her side .
tr	I	It speeds on by , siren blaring , but I pray that the police car will follow us .
tr	O	Yes , Brian is loyal , very loyal , but he doesn 't understand .
tr	O	He looked away from her , and his scowl deepened once more .
tr	I	An hour later I 'm in his office , and Frank Beebe calls me at eight the next morning .
tr	I	He drives through and a gate lifts .
tr	I	Some delicious fragrances beckoned him toward the snack bar , but Trevor smelled no people .
tr	I	At reception they are expecting me , but it is not visiting time .
tr	O	I felt like that whole situation was her idea somehow , but I was trying to think more positive about this girl .
tr	I	His chest ached and he could smell her scent on his sheets .
tr	I	Then she drank , but she was never out doing anything other than working , as far as I knew .
tr	I	He told me he 'd handle it himself , but I offered to look into it .
tr	O	His little world was turned upside down , that was for sure , and he didn 't know how he could ever hope to right it .
tr	I	Really , I can 't help it , but I know I shouldn 't be sarcastic .
tr	O	He tried to offer some sense of comfort , but his attention was already split too many ways .
tr	O	Bill was about to ask him to explain , but they were interrupted by the arrival of Colin .
tr	I	That , at least , was an improvement and she wasn 't late for any other classes .
tr	O	She had deliberately worn the white lace in hopes of enticing him , and she was angrier with herself than with him for his reaction .
tr	I	She refused to be completely distracted , but she pressed her slender curves tight against him .
tr	I	My entire body tingled in response , and he looked deeply into my eyes .
tr	I	He was watched closely , but Chapter Six The Arapaho Chief Michael wanted to leave the village .
tr	I	She wiped it away , and a single tear came .
tr	O	Deep within the tangled darkness , twigs snapped and branches rustled as things moved through the brambles .
tr	I	Elena was happy and Bonnie was safe .
tr	O	He wanted her , and yet he 'd given her a choice on waiting to have sex .
tr	O	The alcohol made its way down and the effects riveted throughout my body .
tr	I	The memory of her vibrant voice sang in his ears , and her lush auburn hair reminded him of autumn .
tr	I	The elegant woman looked snooty , and Janice looked a little startled .
tr	O	Some of the bigger shards made their way to my feet , and I stared at them for a moment .
tr	I	That was that , and she did love him .
tr	O	We were almost at the bus stop , and I totally didn 't get his humor .
tr	I	The corners of his eyes creased with the smile I so rarely earned and he chuckled .
tr	I	I move on instinct , and Chapter Twelve I notice she 's barefoot a second after the glass breaks .
tr	O	She could almost feel it , but then again , she knew them both .
tr	I	Kylie was totally caught off guard when her thoughts went from kissing Derek to kissing Lucas , and socks leapt up on the mattress .
tr	O	The enemy archer had not slackened her pace , and her shafts only became more accurate as the distance closed .
tr	O	She was so wet , so tight , and Chase struggled with every breath now to hold back .
tr	O	Matthew was still looking into Amelia 's eyes , but her face appeared to be shape-shifting before him .
tr	I	The stench of tons of decaying clam pieces was at an all-time , putrid high and it was now the summer season .
tr	I	His bad vision kept him on the ground but he always wanted to fly jets .
tr	O	Suzy rebelled from early on , and they clashed at every turn .
tr	O	Each member would watch the backs of the others and at the end of the day they would divide the take .
tr	I	We have ourselves another dead body and you come back to town .
tr	O	She heard footsteps coming but she just ignored it .
tr	I	Her eyes were still closed , but tears streamed down her face .
tr	I	Nicolae was certain Pater was behind it , and this had been a carefully prepared battle .
tr	O	Before Carmine could shift the car into reverse , his door opened and someone grabbed him .
tr	O	You 're the one ... And Keller would have told him how insane that was , except that it was just what she was feeling herself .
tr	I	It was still nice to have familiar faces around her but she didn 't particularly like any of the people who were getting fired .
tr	O	I flip through it , and after settling on an arbitrary page of my jump entries , I pretend to be reading numbers on it .
tr	I	The Freaks went down before him in great piles , and his rage manifested in every slash of his blades .
tr	O	She knew what I held in my hand , and she reveled in it .
tr	I	We did reach an understanding and we both smiled with the innuendo .
tr	I	I needed to rectify that , and I stood there once again at a disadvantage .
tr	I	It does , but he says it so casually , like it doesn 't matter .
tr	O	She feels a slight stinging , but the redness soon begins to fade .
tr	I	I barely felt it , but wind whipped around us .
tr	I	She was traveling the star lanes as soon as she was old enough to jump , and Ms. Navarro was raised in a spacer family .
tr	I	The drive still took a few minutes , but Traffic wasn 't bad .
tr	I	He 'd hated it , and that 's how they 'd been with him .
tr	O	The thought was so vile he felt his gut roil and he started to run .
tr	I	I opened it to find Vee smiling , and there was a knock at the front door .
tr	O	All I had was my knife and I drew it as I crept slowly towards the noises .
tr	I	He was almost certain that there was going to be trouble , and his princess had been smoldering since the incident with the amulet .
tr	I	I crumpled to the floor , and my knees gave out .
tr	I	She catches them and I toss her the keys .
tr	O	The company was always dubious , but the freedom was incredible .
tr	I	Turned on the player and * * * Meg put in a music disc .
tr	I	I can 't just leave and I can 't just sit here .
tr	I	The learning process extended over a period of years , and Young chimps literally learned how to do it .
tr	O	I sense he thinks I 'm an assistant to the photographer , and if Xander wants to play along with that , I don 't blame him .
tr	I	Now it offered her some comfort from the unknown , and the book had offered her hope of something better .
tr	O	It was a plain , fair fight to the death , and that was something he couldn 't control .
tr	O	A sudden picture of how they must look popped into her mind , and Helen closed her eyes with a moan .
tr	I	She had startling green eyes , and her long red hair was pulled to the side .
tr	I	I point to my ceiling and we lead them back to my room .
tr	I	Instead , she gasped , but she was expecting her mother to be pleased .
tr	O	The cab dropped me off in front of Vanessa 's house and as soon as I rang the bell she opened the door .
tr	I	Finally the good Doctor announced that it was time to get to work on the startup and Progress was encouraging .
tr	O	I don 't belong at parties like this , and I certainly don 't belong with Nate Thornhill .
tr	I	If you let it , it will only force you to make more mistakes , but Guilt has its place .
tr	I	I grinned suddenly , and my back straightened .
tr	O	The agreement wasn 't bad , but he knew that she needed legal advice from an uninterested party .
tr	O	His body began to tense and he pulled her head free .
tr	O	Brianna came up behind Trina as she was speaking and I saw her open her mouth to defend me .
tr	I	It was enough to feel me with guilt and it was killing her to go against her father .
tr	I	How could they possibly recognize me , but they might know Tobias ?
tr	I	He didn 't like to believe her but Trinity often tried to tell him they had ran away from a home for orphans when they were smaller .
tr	I	I wish you luck , but I think that you are out of your mind for this .
tr	I	I heard footsteps walking away and she set the phone down .
tr	I	The entire surface of Hallowed Hill had quickly become a forest of rock spires , yet Rock had been falling for mere seconds .
tr	I	He cut me quickly off but I opened my mouth to protest .
tr	O	She wondered if she 'd lain on them strangely , or perhaps it was a side effect of nearly drowning .
tr	O	There are three intruders behind her , and I 'm behind them .
tr	I	He forced himself to check his anger and he saw the reports in his head .
tr	I	Charlie always felt crowded , but the food was excellent .
tr	O	He seems to like stepping on my toes and it 's getting annoying .
tr	O	The cashmere yarn was the most expensive in the shop and she 'd bought it in a creamy gray .
tr	O	His grip loosened for an instant , and I gained the half inch I needed .
tr	O	His eyes grew intense and his grip tightened around her body .
tr	O	I held it up to my face to look at it closer , but it really was just a rock .
tr	O	Please , I do not mean to offend you and I would understand completely if you felt the need to leave immediately .
tr	O	The cane was smooth and the dark wood glistened .
tr	I	It wasn 't , but it was over .
tr	I	Once again , she was right , and my grandmother always told me women could do whatever they had to do .
tr	I	It was the best connection I 'd ever had , but I knew he must be on a cell phone .
tr	I	I haven 't even touched mine and when I finish , he 's on his second bowl of pasta .
tr	O	Cassidy 's rising need surprised her , but she didn 't move her hand .
tr	I	Her eyes were closed , and her beautiful face was tilted up , toward his .
tr	O	He knew this land , these trees , and he knew where the blind spots were .
tr	I	He 's an innocent idealist , but he 's a good man .
tr	O	Carl 's stomach growled aloud , and he looked at his mother .
tr	O	They used their feet as she might use her hands , and their vacuum suits had been adapted to accommodate their more dexterous toes .
tr	I	Philip drove with his attention fixed on the road ahead of them and Alice kept her eyes closed .
tr	I	The king wasn 't , but Thomas may have been distracted by the clowns activity .
tr	I	I recognize it , and two more steps .
tr	I	She was aware of someone leaning close , and she heard footsteps next to her bed .
tr	O	I am here because my parents want something better for me and the missionaries convinced them to do what they did .
tr	O	Nick met the gaze with confidence , and both the boys looked away at the same time .
tr	I	That 's bad for both of us , and he already knows I care about Rachel .
tr	I	The searing behind her eyes would ease , and it would be dark soon .
tr	O	It was shockingly easy , but it did require preparation .
tr	I	I changed where I lived often , and no place I lived was home .
tr	O	I know not what you intend - but I assume it is not trivial .
tr	O	Mona Rossi was closer to sixty than fifty , but you 'd never know it from looking at her .
tr	O	Her name was Blair , and she was obviously leaving .
tr	I	He was never one to follow rules too closely but he knew this was against the King 's orders .
tr	O	There 's a TV in there too , but I always listen to the game , never watch .
tr	O	I was about to answer , but I stopped myself .
tr	O	There are very few things that can mess with my abilities , and I don 't appreciate not being able to monitor you anymore .
tr	O	It didn 't hold any substantial financial worth , but sentiment carried a far higher value .
tr	O	He has two thousand militia under his command , but few of them follow him into the village .
tr	I	He wasn 't utterly retarded at least , but Cain wouldn 't call him a smart demon .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready to call attention to himself just yet , and she hadn 't realized he was watching .
tr	O	We 're on our way to a party and here we are moping like a couple of bitter old ladies .
tr	I	People with money are not starving , but supplies are low .
tr	I	It wasn 't the cuts that worried Jenny , but Michael 's cotton undershirt was showing signs of pink .
tr	O	It was Ryland , but this had been well before I 'd been truly initiated into the Resistance .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and when I opened them we were standing in some sort of hallway .
tr	O	The colony must be contained in one structure or all structures must be linked with indoor connections .
tr	O	He shook his wrist , but the girl held on .
tr	O	Gregor was a member of The Council and with Gregor 's alliance he could assist with making Leah safe .
tr	I	She turned to her side , swiping at her face , to look up at him , but he laid her on the bed .
tr	I	He has even less interest in his people getting pulled into the public 's fear of vampires , and he wasn 't happy about making the announcement .
tr	O	* * * * Cass had beaten her to the game room and was already in his chair when Joanna dashed past behind his seat .
tr	O	Andrea eased her concentration under the threads and slowly , slowly started to loosen them .
tr	I	I needed the physicality of fighting , and maybe it was all the pent-up rage from being caged for so long .
tr	O	She flinched from the pain , but her grip didn 't weaken .
tr	I	Graeme held up his hand , but tavis started to scowl .
tr	O	We already spoke to Hettie a couple of days ago , and she 's not changing her mind about the golf course .
tr	I	Now I wasn 't quite sure , but I had dismissed that thought earlier .
tr	I	He knew it was a name for the devil , but he didn 't know nothing about Mephistopheles .
tr	I	He didn 't know what came over him and he saw her bare breasts loose within the shadow of the fabric .
tr	O	All were called more than once and none claimed to know Gabrielle Brant .
tr	O	The expression on her face , six inches away , was unmistakable and I felt a slight impulse to respond .
tr	O	I 'm standing in the aisle Evie and I walked down to make our vows .
tr	I	It worked , but it hurt .
tr	I	It made my heart sink all the same , but it was a breathtaking sight .
tr	O	A good approach by almost any measure , but you fail to enjoy it because there goes par .
tr	O	As if on cue , my phone vibrated next to my plate and I glanced over as the screen lit up .
tr	O	We didn 't say anything for a minute , and Alice stopped crying .
tr	I	He was gone , and I woke up the next morning .
tr	I	Soon to be failing to hold back her orgasm and she was whimpering , trying .
tr	O	asked Bruce , and she shook her head .
tr	O	A glass sphere with a flat spot so you can put it down and it won 't roll away .
tr	I	It could mean bigger trouble in the interim , but it 'll cause trouble down the road .
tr	O	She lifted her hand to stop him , but it was too late .
tr	I	She really wanted a slice of fudge , but the fruit looked beautiful .
tr	O	I had no doubt Aidan really texted Toby then , but it took Toby three songs to reach the roof , probably because he was three sheets .
tr	I	I opened my eyes and my feet touched the ground .
tr	O	I can hear the water turn on and the sound of her brushing her teeth .
tr	O	She had no recollection of how she arrived to the place , but she knew she liked it .
tr	I	She would have hated you even more than she does now , and she would have known you felt sorry for her .
tr	I	I groaned and his tongue swept inside my mouth .
tr	I	It probably needs to be done , but I don 't look forward to doing it a second time .
tr	I	A fire was made and it was almost dark .
tr	O	The light switched , and the massive crowd crossed the street .
tr	I	His body reacted instantly to her beauty and Sam watched her walk into the room .
tr	I	Eric vaulted up beside them , and once the girls clambered aboard , Reese held his food .
tr	O	They weren 't yelling for help , and those shrieks weren 't telling him much .
tr	I	This one was not the type he usually attended , but she knew he attended his share of parties .
tr	I	He wasn 't letting her off the hook that easily , but she moaned above him .
tr	O	Lavina gasped and he looked up .
tr	I	Children are in dorms , and parents are on one side of the caves in their own rooms .
tr	O	He hated to admit it , but he owed Kari the truth .
tr	I	Leathery pincers became one indistinguishable mass , and fangs , furred paws , mandibles .
tr	I	She could not hear it , but all the world could hear Marius 's voice .
tr	I	It was becoming quite foggy and the cloud cover was dense .
tr	I	Antonio courteously opened the door for them , and the car pulled into the police station parking lot .
tr	I	She remains vexed , but I grin excitedly .
tr	I	I just couldn 't help myself , but I really didn 't mean to eavesdrop .
tr	I	I would require insurance first but it was time I saw a doctor .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure if she would have stopped him if he had leaned forward , and that was disorienting .
tr	I	I don 't bother responding , but I know he 's talking about Realm .
tr	I	She had never dared repeat it , but he had told it to her often , the sound blending with his accent to form something beautiful .
tr	I	She didn 't want him to run off , but she couldn 't let herself want a relationship with Jude Southerland .
tr	I	None of it is true , and I can see it clearly .
tr	I	Later I saw you pull up to the office , and the principal seemed a little worried about you .
tr	I	We will do our best to protect you , and whatever you decide , we will respect it .
tr	I	When I get freaked out , I can get a little bit weird , but maybe I have too much imagination .
tr	I	He wondered if it might work for him now and it was a look that Theo liked .
tr	I	He wasn 't memorable either , but he wasn 't bad looking .
tr	O	Oliver was also there and Daniel could see his friend was worried about what Terry had done .
tr	O	The Stone was almost translucent now , and there was a shimmer of rushing waters there .
tr	O	Marion leaned over , and he could see the scientific part of her mind take over .
tr	I	It warmed her and Natalie sipped hers .
tr	I	A rush of burning energy into his mind drowned his thoughts out but Zook began to think .
tr	I	Lena walked into it , and a green pipe appeared .
tr	I	If something happens we 'll let you know , but we 'll be silent most of the time .
tr	O	After they left I could see how down Jonathan was and I tried to cheer him up .
tr	I	It had never touched his skin , but she wished it smelled of him .
tr	O	I 've been in the force , and I was tracking Green for years .
tr	O	Maybe it was as simple as my denied heart wanting him as a friend , or maybe it went deeper .
tr	O	It wasn 't polite , and it was dangerous besides .
tr	O	He tried to smile , but it was forced .
tr	I	She categorically refuses , but I would like to run more tests .
tr	I	She returned my kiss tentatively and I lowered my lips to find hers .
tr	I	I wish she would relax and although I 'll still go no matter what she says , I want her to support me .
tr	O	She almost didn 't dare to open her eyes , afraid that the bullet would just be closer , but she did .
tr	O	Look , make yourself comfy , let me take your jacket , and I 'll fix us a nice drink , your favourite .
tr	O	Gerald obeyed her without question and Lara studied the first snake head .
tr	O	It meant that he was on the right track to finding an answer , but Nemesis wasn 't about to give it to him .
tr	O	He sang the next one looking at me , and I felt like my whole body would melt .
tr	O	I doubted it but you never know .
tr	O	She stood and Elise led her to the front door .
tr	I	I stood there , silently , and shock froze me in place , gaping like an idiot .
tr	I	Stu hadn 't come back with his normal file on her either and there had been no word from the woman .
tr	I	He didn 't turn to see us but our waiter was passing three tables away .
tr	O	The crowd started to thin , thankfully , and all I wanted to do was leave .
tr	O	We will discuss societies another time , but I want to really elaborate on some of these individuals .
tr	O	Two days passed in this manner before she was able to speak , and I often feared that her sufferings had deprived her of understanding .
tr	O	The sun is shining , but the wind is still cold .
tr	I	I hoped it would at least tide me over until dinner , but it wasn 't cheese fries .
tr	O	She sat up a little , holding the sheet to her chest , and vaguely recalled not being able to sit up earlier .
tr	O	Australia Day is a national celebration but the day isn 't without it detractors .
tr	I	He was wearing shorts , but his back was bare .
tr	O	She felt drawn by those eyes , and she knew instinctively that anything drawn into those eyes now would never come back .
tr	O	As the alien matured he would see this as a good thing , but for now it was another insult to add to his growing bitterness .
tr	O	I looked around for Tristan , but for some reason , he wasn 't there .
tr	I	I think I know the basics but I may not have all the facts .
tr	O	The village is not in the tourist map and the village has only around 25 houses .
tr	O	At school I spent a lot of time with Brielle and after school I spent a lot of time with Lis .
tr	O	It felt too good , and that was bad .
tr	I	The shift of power in this form hung on the tiniest thread of thought , but I was in control .
tr	O	The ecstasy of it was greater than I 'd ever felt , and it rolled over me in wave after wave as I shivered .
tr	I	Aunt Tabby made him sit down next to her , and Uncle Drac shuffled in past Edmund .
tr	O	Cassie truly believed he was trying to better himself , and killing Dani was not the way to do it .
tr	O	I felt as though I could breathe again , and I realized things would be okay after all .
tr	O	He knew it would sweep her off her feet and they would live happily ever after .
tr	I	The numbered flags on poles betrayed its real purpose , but it looked like a movie set of a wharf scene .
tr	I	He could make sure her dad did , but he couldn 't protect Mary Ann .
tr	O	When control was lost , a vampire could do anything , and often that was when the human population became aware of the demons lurking amongst them .
tr	O	This was rather transparent , and Laurence treated it with the contempt which it deserved .
tr	I	I put my hand on her shoulder and I could see Adele 's chest rising .
tr	O	I feel my eyes burn and the tears forming behind them .
tr	I	Ian held the door fast but she tugged on the handle .
tr	O	It slides down just a little , and I close my eyes , letting the fresh cold breeze fan my face .
tr	I	My heart was pounding so hard it hurt , and every muscle in my body was strung tight .
tr	I	They could not have possibly consummated it yet , but they may have married .
tr	O	He 'd shaved his head , but a short , carefully shaped beard hugged his jaw .
tr	O	The tears in my eyes clogged my throat and I forced them down in a painful swallow .
tr	O	He sounded only mildly interested , but Elena glanced at him sharply .
tr	O	She 'd feared that , but having it confirmed scared the spit out of her .
tr	I	She usually kept her thoughts reserved , but it was what she was thinking .
tr	O	The Fiddler 's Green was the largest vessel in the marina , and it sat on the very end of the very last dock .
tr	I	It doesn 't mean that she likes it , but she understands it 's part of my job .
tr	I	When movement ceased , he was completely still again , yet he flowed .
tr	O	These words were well rehearsed , and the effort was worth acknowledging .
tr	I	As he tried to regain his balance , she pulled away , and surprised , the man staggered .
tr	I	A third stood talking to Tony Vincent , the coroner 's investigator and two cops searched through the trash along the buildings .
tr	O	I feel each word slicing into me , and a tear escapes my eye despite my best efforts .
tr	O	It isn 't little and it isn 't needed .
tr	I	Watson shrugged his shoulders , and Renton was unusually quiet .
tr	I	She casual y flipped her hands , slapping her servants in the face , and her mage smiled .
tr	O	Heat flooded her cheeks but she was glad he 'd noticed .
tr	I	Lori walked into her embrace and Nikki held out her arms .
tr	O	He released me , and I thanked him wordlessly , then rushed out of the store .
tr	O	When I opened them , it was done , and Madeline Magda Monroe was fully encased in my elemental Ice .
tr	I	He needed answers , and he could do it because no friend meant more to him than his son .
tr	O	I realize the car is overturned on its side , but the windows are still intact from the impact .
tr	I	Today it seemed meaningless , but it would have felt good two years ago .
tr	I	That was over now , but there 'd been talk around town about his DUI .
tr	O	The door swung open then and Lady Hutchinson strode in with Caroline following closely behind her , chattering away .
tr	O	The spray came splashing over the bow and the boat dipped down between the waves , covering the deck in white water .
tr	O	What had been said couldn 't be taken back , and those were the exact words that Jared definitely did not need to hear .
tr	I	I felt a strong tug , and that ghostly wind soon returned .
tr	O	The dog gave Mac another puppy kiss , and he laughed heartily , snuggling it close .
tr	I	At this stage he was willing to let her set the parameters of their relationship , but he wasn 't happy about it .
tr	I	He bent to taste her , and his fingers curled around hers .
tr	I	I wondered if Peter somehow knew it , and even my virginity I had given to Matt without hesitation after barely more than a week .
tr	I	She gasped and his hand dipped between her thighs .
tr	I	The flames seemed to lick all the sweat from his body , and a fire blazed nearby , so hot that his skin itched .
tr	I	They are inhabited , and they go down a long way .
tr	I	At least , I think she 's his ex , or Travis Murray is accused of hooking up with his ex-girlfriend .
tr	I	It didn 't but she says she knows for a fact that car should have rammed right into her car .
tr	I	It still took forty-five minutes to get out to the hospital , but I rode as fast as I could .
tr	O	If the hounds didn 't find me , the guards would , and they 'd feed me to the hounds anyway .
tr	I	He swallowed , and his jaws worked under his skin .
tr	I	Her name was Corinne , and he had a home now .
tr	O	Fred hated fraud scheme cases more than he hated doing dishes and he stocked his house with paper plates .
tr	O	Carol bought something , too , but Steve couldn 't see what it was .
tr	O	He watched as her brows snapped together and her eyes flashed .
tr	I	I grew bored and it was a slow day .
tr	O	After a few minutes Joshua stopped laughing and it then became real serious for him .
tr	O	I supposed that worked with the whole vampire thing , but it was still pretty shocking to see .
tr	O	I open my door and Onyx is standing outside .
tr	I	It was directed to Stefan and her statement sounded more like a question .
tr	I	That was a crime , and to remain silent was to hinder prosecution .
tr	I	It didn 't look very forgiving -- and the ground was coming towards me .
tr	I	They start shooting at each other and two guys in cars with no insurance have a fender bender .
tr	I	She was shopping and he said she 's five miles out .
tr	I	I didn 't doubt the Alchemists would soon have them all monitored , and there were a number of exits .
tr	I	Before I made it to the doorway , a loud boom threw me in the opposite direction , but I walked toward the front area .
tr	I	I couldn 't move through it either , but I couldn 't feel it .
tr	O	I glanced at the vial of gleaming blue liquid , and a fierce hunger seemed to gnaw through my stomach .
tr	O	It was reliable method and it worked every time .
tr	O	I tried to let her off easy but she wouldn 't take it .
tr	O	My heart kicked and my pulse pounded throughout my body .
tr	I	They were all closed , but flanking either side of the hallway were other doors , only a few .
tr	I	We 'll always be grateful that we had the honor of serving with him in the Marines and he was an extremely talented engineer .
tr	I	He tried to sound convincing and he anticipated this question .
tr	O	Asphalt grabbed Cliff 's bag and slung it easily over his shoulder .
tr	O	Her stomach fluttered , but her nerves held steady .
tr	O	His scales were more than half gone and his skin was covered with huge scarlet boils .
tr	I	She went with it and Sylvia felt a rush of adrenaline .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure how much of that I actually believed , but it was what had come out .
tr	O	She was the type of woman who could never fully be in the seat of power or her man would lose her .
tr	I	The hysteria that is gripping my chest already has its hold on me , but his words would usually comfort me .
tr	O	No one disputed it , but no one agreed either .
tr	I	I cut her off , but Lea opened her mouth .
tr	I	I was feeling anxious , and Sundown was minutes away .
tr	I	I couldn 't exactly leave Colin 's sister hung out to dry , but we 'd obviously be late for the dinner .
tr	O	The vampire was naked from the waist up , and he wore no shoes .
tr	I	I was grateful that all in all there were only about fifteen women present , and I looked around as she spoke .
tr	I	We are nothing compared to you and you 're the son of the Great Master .
tr	I	At the same time , he felt a chill , but he found himself smiling as he leaned over them .
tr	I	It takes a second to remember where I am and my eyes open .
tr	O	Their souls were lighter , brighter , and I knew they would find peace .
tr	I	She awoke everyday to their soothing greeting , and she had wind chimes on her balcony .
tr	I	I was frazzled , but I tried to pay attention to the road .
tr	I	Every night from here on out he 'd be with Blythe , but he 'd spend this time with her .
tr	O	He tried to smooth some of the knots from her hair , but she twisted her head away at his touch .
tr	I	Their schedules never gelled well , but they 'd worked together occasionally .
tr	I	What she 'd done to Josh 's truck had to be reckoned with , but maybe her craving for a cigarette would pass .
tr	O	As she moved , their eyes caught and he wouldn 't let her look away .
tr	O	My head was bleeding and my vision was blurred .
tr	I	Slung her shield and with Coral 's help she donned her helmet .
tr	I	She let out a shattering groan and Rhiannon 's entire body bowed .
tr	I	I had no desire to eat it , but our food arrived .
tr	O	Her voice chills me , and I can see by James 's posture that he knows his threat didn 't have its intended effect .
tr	I	I couldn 't refute it now because it was taking over me , but it was something I never would have believed about her .
tr	O	Liza was sleeping up in the front , and her little noises were driving me insane .
tr	O	He had expected it to be good but he hadn 't expected it to be like this .
tr	I	I decided not to question her again , but I would be working , not lounging .
tr	O	I 'm going to see that she gets it , and then I 'm going to find who did this to her .
tr	O	He handed it to me and I took a small sip .
tr	I	I wasn 't so sure , but he said you 'd be home soon .
tr	I	Apparently there was no religious litmus test , but the man was a saint killer .
tr	O	It made my heart lurch , but I let him go .
tr	I	He smelled like the wood he 'd used to start a fire , and damp tendrils of hair fell against his forehead .
tr	I	I know he is afraid of the red stallion , and his fingers are clumsy .
tr	I	He realized there would never be a better time to say what he had to say , and she stared at him , puzzled .
tr	I	He is also Josh 's accountant and he was your Dad 's accountant .
tr	I	I started to panic and we approached a door .
tr	O	Yeah , they 're offering more than a ride ... or rather , it 's not transportation they 're thinking about .
tr	I	She could still see the sneer on Alex 's face , but she wanted to say how proud she was of her .
tr	O	She didn 't want to leave , and he didn 't want to stay .
tr	I	His aloof behavior made her feel nervous , but Kaylee was glad that he was remembering .
tr	I	Paris could smell his stench from where he was standing and he was half asleep .
tr	O	After all I had a cool million riding on him and I 'd protect him to the best of my ability .
tr	I	It was still careless , but it 's not a likely time of month .
tr	O	It 's a maze , and I 'm hopelessly lost , just as I was when Doc found our way in .
tr	I	Charlie helped her to adjust the sandbags and she placed her weapon on the sandbags .
tr	O	His dark expression said he was ready to deny what he was hearing , but Claire cut him off before he had a chance to speak .
tr	I	Samira was very chatty with me and we started walking to my office .
tr	I	Her lips trembled , and tears glistened in her eyes as she stared back at him .
tr	O	He 'd gotten his point across and he needed to slow down .
tr	O	Three are true , and one is not .
tr	I	Padme felt as though she could barely stand , but it might have been the exhaustion coupled with her late stage of pregnancy .
tr	O	This was a different place and it had different spirits .
tr	O	I don 't know how we can end her but it will come to me in time .
tr	O	I 've been in the presence of Gods many times in my life , but I 've never encountered a presence like that of UL .
tr	I	Brett lifted it up and the phone rang at that moment .
tr	I	He stayed quiet , and I hurriedly gathered the rest of my things , including my shirt I couldn 't find earlier .
tr	O	Both men shrieked as Ezio 's blade tore through , and the men fell , their legs useless .
tr	O	Devon batted his eyes in exaggeration , and I found it a bit disturbing .
tr	O	Danger is so close and they don 't know .
tr	O	The boys have returned to their neighborhood and they 're pretty excited .
tr	O	One more day goes by and he takes back his charges , only to make a deal with Morgan .
tr	O	I was mortal at the time and there were still nights I suffered from the haunting memories of my incarceration .
tr	O	It was only a sketch , but it had to be perfect .
tr	I	Each day before then , I wished it wouldn 't come and three days came by .
tr	I	She couldn 't tell them they 'd just met , either , but she couldn 't let them believe she was James 's girlfriend .
tr	O	I felt sleep weighing down upon me , but my eyes wouldn 't close .
tr	O	It is out of action and we can do nothing until propellants have vented safely .
tr	O	The vampire clutched at his chest as his heart stuttered , but he made no attempt to fight the order , so powerful was that voice .
tr	O	A deep groan rumbled through him and a thousand emotions erupted inside me .
tr	O	His words finally penetrated my anxiety and I stared at him , astonished .
tr	I	The word had not been put out that we had escaped or maybe there was a turnover of duty .
tr	O	I never thought I 'd enjoy being a blonde , but I really did like this look .
tr	I	I brushed it aside , but I felt a pang of disappointment .
tr	I	As I do he pulls me to him , his free hand gripping my waist , and I rock back , wanting to take more of him .
tr	I	Then , at the last moment , I called Tim , and my autopilot sense of direction started to take me home .
tr	O	The calendar might read century twenty-one , but in New Orleans the old ways prevailed .
tr	O	She was threading her fingers through his hair , and he could feel her breath on his neck .
tr	I	He dared them to stop him and he had bigger fire power too .
tr	O	One of his hands found its way to my sex and my legs widened shamelessly at his unspoken command .
tr	O	Emma 's chest constricted , and she almost couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	Ms. Kale must be inside and the door is cracked open .
tr	I	I could feel the energy surging through my body and I felt the restraint release , even as we both stumbled back .
tr	O	Jan is so sick , and she can 't do much with Tanner .
tr	I	She froze , and he started .
tr	I	Lupe was taken , or Lupe was dead .
tr	I	I was out of tampons , and it was actually getting close to my period .
tr	O	My curiosity won out over my stubbornness and I scooted back in the chair in surrender .
tr	I	There was celebration far into the night , and Women arrived with supplies not long afterwards .
tr	I	I shuddered involuntarily and she flicked the bit of toenail away on to my floor .
tr	O	I will proceed without concern for consequences , and you will act with an eye toward propriety .
tr	O	These acres were more exciting to him than Disneyland to a kid , especially when it was late and Butch was gone .
tr	O	Most of the cars in the student lot have cleared out , and I don 't recognize any of the people still milling about .
tr	O	He mated with my mother , and I was born nine months later .
tr	I	There were no more tears , but her sadness grew heavier suddenly .
tr	I	The room sways for a moment , and the thought of Skyla stabbing anybody throws me for a loop .
tr	O	My heart went into overdrive and I felt almost weak with relief .
tr	I	Belinda didn 't want to give her friend false hope , but Pia was a true romantic .
tr	O	The woman fought him , but she didn 't see another man come from behind with a machete .
tr	I	They would never see it , because they didn 't know what it was to love , but they were surrounded by the answer .
tr	I	He shrugs , and I say .
tr	O	They 'd always been reclusive , but now were almost driven underground .
tr	O	Dover was the busiest route , but customs had always been quite heavy there .
tr	I	His tone suggested there was more he wasn 't saying , and the eagerness she usually heard in his voice was gone .
tr	O	I cranked the starter one cylinder hit then another and we started limping along making maybe six knots .
tr	I	The entire city seemed to enjoy the celebration and it was a festive show of colored explosions .
tr	I	I crossed my ankles , my core tightening in greedy demand , and my thighs clenched .
tr	I	I struggled even harder , and I heard whoever had me grunt in pain .
tr	O	Somebody heard a scream , but nobody saw her dive .
tr	O	The tower is tilted , nudged , but it stands .
tr	I	When I told her my idea she was more than happy , and I talked to my mom the night before night .
tr	I	He tensed up more , and I raised my hand .
tr	O	She hadn 't had enough practice to do it herself , but she remembered his instructions .
tr	I	They were stable and they were large enough for men to easily move through them .
tr	O	He was so gentle , but she needed him closer .
tr	I	I felt well rested and it was ten a.m. .
tr	O	He passed her in silence , and she followed , silently grateful that he kept his pace slow .
tr	I	That friendship wasn 't exclusive , but I considered Peggy a friend .
tr	O	Zac touched it and a door opened .
tr	I	The signal keeps moving , but we should have found them by now .
tr	O	His glasses are askew and his hair is ruffled .
tr	O	The air rushes out of my lungs , and I scratch the stubble on my chin to hide the horror .
tr	O	Eugene really has no alibi , and I 'm stumped .
tr	I	It covered his shoulder wound , and Preston had draped a towel around his neck to catch the drips from his hair .
tr	I	I usually take it in small doses and I 'm not a big drinker .
tr	I	If a child got shot because of her , she 'd never be able to forgive herself , but she didn 't want to die .
tr	I	It makes up for that in coziness , but obviously it doesn 't match the John Hancock penthouse in opulence .
tr	I	He hated pity and he hated scandal .
tr	O	It was garbage , but it had been cooked by an expert .
tr	O	A thorny rose she had been , but a rose .
tr	O	He had headphones on , but he was watching us .
tr	I	I hated leaving her , and I couldn 't resist her smile .
tr	I	The move had been good for the children , and the house had been built specifically for his family .
tr	I	It still seemed strange to me , but Diana said it was a hurricane .
tr	I	I 'm rather looking forward to it , and I expect it 's coming , though .
tr	O	My jaw ticked as she approached , and I kind of wanted to lash out at her for having the ability to make me this uncomfortable .
tr	O	Too busy here , and we 'd have to find someplace where no one knew me .
tr	O	She doesn 't know what to make of Paolo , and I don 't know what to make of Davis .
tr	O	Lucas didn 't look like he entirely believed that , but he nodded .
tr	O	She 's never fast enough , but it is a close race .
tr	O	He laughed again , and she felt a flicker of annoyance at his amusement over his situation .
tr	O	The only aim I have is for me to make you and father disappear completely in this world .
tr	I	I hear what I think is him sliding down my door , sitting down on the other side , and a thump follows .
tr	O	He didn 't turn , but he did stop playing .
tr	I	Her eyes dropped to the ground and she felt her face fill with colour .
tr	O	My deepest sleep is around three a.m. , and sometime during that period I was awakened by the grip of a hand on my shoulder .
tr	I	Alec wasn 't telling it , but there was a story there .
tr	I	She knows our lives are intertwined , and she has always valued my life .
tr	O	She snorted onto his chest , but he gently lifted her chin .
tr	I	The words wouldn 't register but Helen heard his deep voice .
tr	O	The inner panelling meshed together with little overlap and it gave the surface a mirror-like smoothness .
tr	I	I kept a fair distance from Rob , and we began walking away from the others .
tr	I	She had disappeared , but he kicked deeper .
tr	I	My muscles felt like I 'd run a marathon from being tensed while crawling through the duct and I was shaking .
tr	O	His gun was gone , but she couldn 't tell if it had been stolen .
tr	O	Marcia could see what was happening , but she knew better than to run to Silas 's aid .
tr	O	Put that with the military 's plan and it doesn 't take a genius to work it out .
tr	O	A chorus of chuckles hit the group , and Brodie sat back down .
tr	I	This time her skin tingled as his warm breath washed over her , but suddenly , he grimaced again , pushing his face into her neck .
tr	O	People were coming out of their houses now , but the Bradbury children ignored them .
tr	I	I don 't come out from behind her , and I don 't let go of Tequila 's halter .
tr	I	Now they were free , but long they had been trapped down here .
tr	O	It was dark , but a thin sliver of moonlight illuminated the cabin .
tr	I	Now she wouldn 't have to hike up four flights of stairs every afternoon , and First Nolan had actually invited her out on a date .
tr	O	John F. Kennedy is reported to have said that we can forgive our enemies but we shouldn 't forget their names .
tr	I	Dermot hurried out to his car , and I heard the screen door bang .
tr	O	He could scarcely hear his own voice , but she made out his words well enough .
tr	O	Some bad people are doing bad things to people like you , and these guys want to stop it , blah blah blah .
tr	I	For me morning time was for coffee , but it didn 't taste bad .
tr	I	The EMT shook his head , but it was subtle .
tr	I	He gave me another toothy grin , and I quickly clicked the belt into place .
tr	O	The others must 've drove out of the city while Jeremy and I were out .
tr	O	She tried to look around , to see where he was taking her , but she couldn 't turn her head .
tr	I	She knew she could endure that but the thought of never seeing Carlo again broke her heart .
tr	I	Her ladies ' boots slipped on the icy trail and her feet ached on the river crossings .
tr	O	I could hear the voices , but I couldn 't see the gloves .
tr	I	There was little else holding her together , and her arms were open to the bone .
tr	I	Touching the stone wasn 't painful anymore , and the wall had cooled down under the rain .
tr	I	Milton turned to the projection that showed the battle and Nisha nodded .
tr	O	She glanced at Allan and both of their faces went red .
tr	O	Moving was still impossible , but the pain was much less .
tr	I	When my mind pushed past the screaming of my nerves , I realized I was laying on top of Samson , and I lost a few seconds .
tr	I	The fire returned and their cheers echoed far .
tr	I	Him screaming expletives into the night sky and the last thing she heard was the sound of paintball guns going off .
tr	O	The porch light was on and they looked at each other .
tr	I	Jack had almost dropped it back on his cousin 's side table and although barely the size of his palm , it was heavy .
tr	I	Austin leaned back , accidentally knocking over her sand castle and the man took a step towards her .
tr	O	True , it had only been boys , but he paid no mind to the difference .
tr	I	Everywhere else I could think of , and I checked up here twice , your parents ' house once .
tr	O	I began to yawn every few minutes and my eyes became very heavy .
tr	I	Then we got out , and I helped him wash .
tr	O	His blood pounded harder and he had to open his eyes again to push away the smell , the need .
tr	I	She felt herself drifting off , and her eyes were fluttering closed .
tr	O	It rang four times before it went to voice mail and she still stared at it like it was a snake .
tr	O	You 're purposely disrespecting me , and I won 't have it .
tr	I	He was able to leave work every night to be with her and she had been overjoyed when the transition period ended .
tr	O	Dr. Holbrook wanted them back soon , and Gustav knew that .
tr	I	It wasn 't so perfect now - filthy , ripped , bloody , but she was still wearing her perfect pink suit .
tr	O	Maybe Ashleigh had taken it a little farther than Hannah had anticipated , but it was silly to feel such envy .
tr	I	That included not drinking more than he could handle , and he never did anything to excess .
tr	O	You chose to regardless , but you must not interfere .
tr	O	They had come looking for battle , and I 'd wasted their time .
tr	O	Elijah can see that Julia is troubled , and it is the core of his nature to want to make it better .
tr	O	After The Great War that changed but those families still keep those connections with each other .
tr	I	He 's an instant too late , but he reaches for me .
tr	O	The rats had grossed her out , but they hadn 't diminished her appetite .
tr	O	First get them to see her , and then she could make them listen !
tr	I	She was surprised to discover she remembered the names and something about the movements snagged at Claire 's memory .
tr	O	I wouldn 't even have to take more than a sip , and no one would notice .
tr	O	I think I know what you 're worried about , but I meant what I said .
tr	O	He whispered something in a foreign language , and the room instantly iced .
tr	I	At least it was a start , but I wasn 't ready for anything .
tr	I	These we sack for goods , and other buildings have been abandoned , however .
tr	O	His smile stretched right into the middle of his ears , and Mary simply had to say something about it .
tr	O	Ellie heard hushed voices behind her , but she couldn 't worry about that .
tr	O	The bags he brought home are still on his floor , but there 's no sign of him .
tr	I	I smiled and Curiosity pulled at me .
tr	O	It opened and the dimly lit face of Detective Charley Elliot was staring me in the eyes .
tr	I	In my effort to not land on my leg , I slam into Nora , effectively pinning her to the counter , and I lose my balance .
tr	O	Lizzie tried to take in what the woman was saying but it seemed so far-fetched that her brain just turned off .
tr	I	The shine had returned , but it had been ages .
tr	I	I 'm supposed to study , and he brings that horrible priest over every week .
tr	I	I remained firm , yet as I listened to her words questions exploded in my consciousness .
tr	O	They 'd come across the memoirs of Simeon Blake , and she 'd spent many hours reading tales of an earlier generation .
tr	O	I 'd never seen a young beautiful one and I was stunned by her appearence .
tr	O	The doctor told her she 'd be uncomfortable sitting for about a week , but other than that , she 'd be just fine .
tr	I	She didn 't want to believe it , but something kept telling her Franz was dead .
tr	I	Her heart plummeted to her feet , and she gasped .
tr	O	Her hands were on my arms and I flexed my muscles for her .
tr	I	His hands tightened on my waist and I undid the next button down .
tr	O	Her mind , always so open with the big-picture view at an event , narrowed to pinpoint focus , and she couldn 't widen it past Jax .
tr	O	That practice had stopped a long time ago , but I believed I saw the remains of it .
tr	O	Tears slip down her cheeks and I slide June a glance .
tr	O	They 'd made love , and she 'd taken off .
tr	O	The trip down had been a lot of fun , and after all , it was not his fault how she felt about him .
tr	O	My confession ignited him , and he picked up pace .
tr	O	If he walked out , he walked out , but at least he 'd leave with the truth .
tr	O	Everything was , and everything would be unless I got rid of her .
tr	O	I tell her it 's helping but I lied .
tr	O	Pa asked , but there was no sting in his words .
tr	I	Many found their homes , and many children were rescued .
tr	O	Especially if the door were locked , and your family stayed away for a very long while .
tr	O	She glared at him when he gave her a soft push and she landed on the bed on her behind .
tr	I	The cars parked in the driveways were not exactly cheap , and all of them had expensive houses .
tr	I	His lip curled and his head declined .
tr	I	Right then , she knew and her stepfather 's words echoed in Kylie 's head .
tr	I	The next started , and the song ended .
tr	O	There was probably some perfect maternal response , but darned if she knew what it was .
tr	I	She held my gaze , and I looked into her eyes .
tr	I	There 's no further hell falling from the blue sky , and this private estate fared slightly better than my mother 's villa .
tr	O	Things were set in motion and I felt like it all was going as it was supposed to .
tr	O	He pulled me into the tightest hug and I lost control of myself , sobbing into his shoulder .
tr	O	she shrieked hysterically , but I was undeterred .
tr	O	It wasn 't my business and I really didn 't care .
tr	I	I turned , giving him thumbs up , before heading into the change room , and he called after me .
tr	I	I could not handle her all day , but the lady is as sweet as pie .
tr	O	I 'm the oldest and I feel responsible for the others .
tr	O	I reached for his pants , but he caught my hands , holding them over my head as he unhooked my bustier .
tr	I	Now they are showing remarkable strides and your children were turned because of my pack .
tr	O	I don 't want that but I 'm so screwed up .
tr	O	It was now or never she thought taking a deep breath .
tr	I	I wrenched myself out of his grasp and Bennett kissed me hard again .
tr	I	For us right now , this just might turn out to be a good thing and Don was back in the world in his mind .
tr	I	I dug my nails into my palms , and the edges of my vision turned red .
tr	I	The rest of the room followed suit , and he rose from the chair .
tr	I	I needed to touch him , and I 'd never been on such a precipice before .
tr	O	The engine purred to life and there was a slight rumble as the propeller sliced its way through the water .
tr	I	I 'm going to pretend I didn 't hear it , but he claims you put him up to stealing the feathers .
tr	O	My voice had gotten hoarse with misuse , and the sobbing had done nothing to help .
tr	I	They showed no mercy when I was in school with them so I wouldn 't show any now , but I knew I should probably forgive them .
tr	O	His scorching stare was aimed at me and he didn 't seem the least bit sorry for crashing into me .
tr	O	' S , I will not , and s , I will be there .
tr	O	I had asked the lunch lady for an extra dessert yesterday and she gave it to me for free .
tr	I	The flesh of animals that had been killed was wholly repugnant to me , but vegetables were not so bad , although my body immediately rejected them .
tr	I	You get my drift but not quite Bruno 's exact words .
tr	O	The girl listed several choices , and Jackie picked one , not really caring what it was .
tr	O	I was so sure of how Calvin felt about me , but I really didn 't know if his parents had just been being nice .
tr	I	Everyone was ill-tempered and nerves were jumbled .
tr	I	He 'd be left with nothing and some moderately competent attorney would swoop in with a suitable representative .
tr	O	You had them completely fooled and you did great .
tr	I	The air around her did , but she didn 't get smaller .
tr	O	These things have so clearly evolved from us , and now the world is theirs .
tr	O	You 'll have some pretty strong dreams and when you wake up you 'll be on another plane .
tr	I	It did not kill her , yet the woman knew the truth , lived with it .
tr	O	My mother in law took Noah 's hand and they disappeared into the house .
tr	I	It felt so good ... but even if she hadn 't been , however , as an unmarried lady , she shouldn 't be allowing it .
tr	O	He could close his mental eyes , but his hearing he could not mute .
tr	I	I widened my legs to give him better access and gripping the counter for support , a tiny moan fell from my lips .
tr	O	Cal reached out for Kali , but she threw up her hands .
tr	O	Her voice started to shake and she began to breathe heavily .
tr	I	Every movement registered in his brain and every noise was amplified .
tr	I	I read the cards for her and we went into the other room .
tr	I	She was absorbing the sensation of our coupling and those dark , mysterious eyes were now closed .
tr	O	It was just too embarrassing and she didn 't want to deal with it now .
tr	I	Pulling clothing on hastily and Marco was human again .
tr	O	I sighed again , and we headed off to Inverness .
tr	O	She may have known about the supernatural , but she had never seen anything like a Sea Hag .
tr	O	We struck a deal and I hopped on board .
tr	I	She wanted to see his face when she destroyed him , but he wouldn 't hesitate to take her out from behind .
tr	I	Kevin stayed silent , too and Missy continued to ignore him .
tr	O	She wanted more , but he didn 't care enough to give it to her .
tr	I	His face looked lifeless and his eyes were shut .
tr	O	Vivian 's voice was cold and her face was a frozen mask of disdain .
tr	O	I would accept his conditions for a driver , and he would accept my inability to share my past with him .
tr	O	I told her I had spoken to Column about it and we probably would go .
tr	O	I had a sneaking suspicion Henry had something to do with his change of heart , but I didn 't ask .
tr	I	He pulled me off of the horse like a rag doll , and I leaned down to him .
tr	O	A few people came out of hiding when we arrived , but areas that didn 't prepare are desolate .
tr	O	There is no need to rush and there is no rationing , here !
tr	I	Drake had been too busy listening to Malcolm 's twisted tale , but she 'd tried to warn him .
tr	I	The machine slipped from his hands , loudly clanging on the stone below him and her voice startled him .
tr	O	Jenny was a child , and he treated her like a common whore .
tr	I	The face was completely destroyed but he could see where the bullet had entered .
tr	O	There was never a lack for food and there was never a lack of appetite .
tr	I	He would return to his statue form but the gargoyle would not be harmed by the sunlight .
tr	O	He almost took her hand , but thankfully he came to his senses before he did something careless .
tr	I	In more ways than I care to count , I actually was and I felt as if I was just starting my life .
tr	I	A foreman had watched the floor below , or he found himself on a gal ery , a platform where perhaps trunks of tea had been stored .
tr	I	Reluctantly I joined in , and jess began to belt it out .
tr	I	You don 't want anything else and you eat them almost mindlessly .
tr	O	They have feared the beasts for a thousand years , but superstition keeps them from admitting it openly .
tr	O	The gray cloak was not a ceremonial garment , but rather was something thrown on for warmth .
tr	O	The snake was back and ready to try again .
tr	I	I drew it close around me , and I was wrapped in my detachment .
tr	I	We walk inside the building and I 'm stuck in my own head as the line moves forward .
tr	I	The memory of her pain returned and she remembered how she was put aside .
tr	I	She could go back to normal vanilla sex and Hell , maybe the reality wouldn 't even come close to her fantasies .
tr	I	The vines roped it to the frozen ground , and the boar 's knees buckled .
tr	I	Here he was , apparently doing his utmost to start an argument and he wouldn 't see his wife for weeks .
tr	I	Odin slammed the stock of his rifle into the man 's jaw , and thanks to the Doc the door was malfunctioning .
tr	I	It was taking its toll on her , and Katie spent every weekend at home .
tr	I	The mamas would come after them and he used to get into trouble when he was small , pinching cubs .
tr	I	They continued on their stroll and she laughed under her breath .
tr	I	His back hits the wall and I shove his shoulder .
tr	O	I go to work , and then I go back to my apartment .
tr	O	It lingered for a while this time , filling the air thickly , and he didn 't know why it bothered him so much now .
tr	O	She let out a howl and her body tightened against me .
tr	I	He looked up contemptuously with his very human eyes and Fenrir 's sensitive nostrils flared at the yelling .
tr	I	I can tell his eyes are scanning the surrounding area and as we walk across the courtyard , Andrew brings me closer to his side .
tr	O	I stopped walking , and he eyed me curiously .
tr	I	She moved back into her own seat , rubbing at her wrist and I let go .
tr	I	I saw now that it had begun to wane , but the moon was high in the sky , as it had been the night before .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do but she didn 't like that feeling .
tr	O	I met Amelia in the lobby and we stopped at the coffee bar before heading back up to see Julia .
tr	I	She felt herself drawn to it , and it was a very handsome face .
tr	O	It 's hard to walk sometimes , but other times I manage it fine .
tr	I	The narrow beam of light sure slowed her heartbeat down to a steady beat , but the flashlights didn 't banish all of the shop 's gloom .
tr	O	Maybe they were , but she wasn 't .
tr	I	Soft flannel brushed my bare legs , and his knee rose under the covers .
tr	I	It can only be bad news , but I don 't know what 's happening .
tr	I	I 'm afraid it won 't be enough , but that 's helpful .
tr	I	He pushed his own sleeve back , exposing his right forearm and one corner of his lip pulled up into a sort of smile .
tr	O	That 's my story and I 'm sticking to it .
tr	O	Occasionally one of the piles rumbles , and we can see whiskers poking through .
tr	O	I didn 't know who I was , but I wasn 't used to such confinement .
tr	I	With an obvious effort , he refused to be swayed , but Viper 's midnight eyes flared with an instinctive fury .
tr	I	To my relief , they were roughly my size and I pulled his trousers off .
tr	O	It felt like water to my touch and I imagined this was keeping the air in the ship .
tr	O	My spoon clattered against the bowl and I pushed away from the counter .
tr	I	You would have never known from listening to her , but they spent only three years together .
tr	I	He 's been there ever since and he went directly to the bar .
tr	I	It would also ruin Ty 's good mood , and Ty would probably kick his ass in the end , though .
tr	O	I never loved Kirsty , but I gave her love .
tr	I	His brother looked up from his cards with a worried look on his face and Finn found himself chuckling .
tr	O	Four should be enough , and in keeping with the dose I had been taking .
tr	O	He was planning to kill that Salamander when he found out , but he never got the chance .
tr	O	I don 't know what I did , but I know when I 'm not wanted .
tr	I	It took a long time to even begin to feel normal again , and it seemed like it was almost killing me .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure how she knew , but this she knew .
tr	O	The buggy disappeared into the night , and even the sounds faded away .
tr	O	She flipped him off , and he gave another laugh .
tr	O	I don 't know if that makes sense , but it 's how most of them do it .
tr	O	She shook her head to get rid of the Darke feeling , but a doubt stayed in her mind .
tr	I	She hardly knew anyone in Paris , but she thought he looked vaguely familiar .
tr	O	We might want to drop by a few more villages , but I don 't think it 'll be necessary .
tr	I	I certainly had no idea what I wanted , and I had no idea what was going on .
tr	I	She left her baby and she was running scared .
tr	O	The marauder 's war hammer swooped through the air , and Ward easily dodged it by moving to the side .
tr	O	I should try to kick again , but my legs are too heavy .
tr	O	The chase continued until the rebels were within cannon range , and they began firing shots at us .
tr	O	His nails dug into my skin , but I don 't think he noticed .
tr	O	I shifted my gaze to the man next to him , and my eyes locked with familiar ones .
tr	I	They 're not sure when he 'll walk again , but he 'll live .
tr	O	It could buy courage , and it could buy dignity .
tr	I	She was there , right in front of me but I turned the corner , hoping to sneak by her without being seen .
tr	O	Sliding her legs across a non-existent mattress and dangling them over the non-existent edge .
tr	O	I told her , and she backed even further .
tr	O	He wasn 't quite ready to reveal his surprise for her , but perhaps it was better to tell her sooner rather than later .
tr	I	Tink intercepted him , but Jason took an awkward step forward .
tr	O	She wanted to pace , but she controlled the impulse to a light tap of her fingers against her leg .
tr	I	Then he raised his head so that his face was very close to mine , and I felt a reluctant smile touch his mouth then .
tr	O	This book is better because of all of your input and I 'm so grateful to everyone who helped me make it the book it is today .
tr	I	She reveled in that fact , knowing she 'd never get tired of touching him , and she could finally show him she cared .
tr	O	He wasn 't quite as effortlessly strong as Maria , but I could still feel the power in his grip .
tr	O	The silence in the car was so absolute I was beginning to think he hadn 't heard , but then he glanced at me .
tr	O	A bit like in hybrid cars , it has two modes of operation , but this one is to go on rockets .
tr	O	Liam covered his face with his hands and Connor placed a hand on his shoulder .
tr	I	Early Sunday her sister delivered a thick chocolate caramel cake , and Mrs. Card called her sister out in the free world .
tr	I	Because of that , the truth was bound to come out eventually , and Hannah knew I 'd been Masked .
tr	O	The sea was a steel blue beneath a bright white sky , and the inevitable rain fell hard in silent sheets of sparkling silver .
tr	O	Because you 're either gon na be on your way to meet the God you just got through damning , or this war is going be over .
tr	I	By now the sky seemed far too low , and the cold made her shake .
tr	I	I feel a chill and she touches my hand .
tr	I	I 'm amazed you had any time for housework , and it 's a wonder you have time for homework .
tr	I	He intended to treat us as such , and we were outcasts .
tr	O	It was wider , likely to accommodate more traffic , but I also knew it was a primary thoroughfare because it seemed almost alive .
tr	I	I didn 't want the noise , but I could have shot him in the back .
tr	I	I can hear the savage hatred in her voice , and Echo snaps .
tr	I	Some photos of him posing with a soccer ball , and they took some photos of him with Coach Simpson .
tr	I	Everything would be as it should be and I prayed that I would wake up .
tr	I	They failed to react fast enough and they were completely caught off guard by her presence .
tr	I	His pants looked like they were just a bit too short and his shirt was opened , showing a mass of black hair .
tr	O	Elliot started to kiss me again , but he was interrupted by a knock on the door .
tr	O	Ryan had gone to jump school right away for his job as a pathfinder , and he had told Jake all about it .
tr	I	His teeth ached and his face muscles locked .
tr	I	The movement of the waltz brought her lower body into firm contact with his , and he pulled her closer .
tr	O	At first I closed my eyes but there was no feeling , so I opened them to find his eyes still locked on our stalker .
tr	O	It takes me a moment to actually remember his surname but the quick browsing of my memory is worth the trouble on seeing him flinch slightly .
tr	O	The noise might have dissipated , but she was too wrapped up in the misery of her breakup with Jack .
tr	I	Its leaves were far too delicate , and it didn 't have a thick stalk .
tr	I	He paused when I gasped as his fingers brushed against my bare flesh and he ran his hands up my skirt , looking for underwear to discard .
tr	O	Castle uses his energy to toss the objects into the air and it 's my job to destroy them from across the room .
tr	O	When she pulled the dangling chain , the light went on and she felt slightly comforted .
tr	O	Rachel was surprised , but then realized she was in a much different town than the one she came from in Pennsylvania .
tr	O	We sung another song before wrapping up and I watched Kade as he sung .
tr	I	Mandy brought in a tray of coffee , her usual morning task and Colin had just settled into his desk chair when the door opened .
tr	I	I knew it was my turn , and then she gave me the nod .
tr	I	She still had friends in the business , but we got kicked out of our apartment .
tr	O	I didn 't know what she meant at first , but then I remembered what I had told her .
tr	I	His eyes were a little wild , and he helped me down .
tr	I	We are just sitting here and she 's come all this way to find us .
tr	I	Once was enough , but James had only met Vicky once .
tr	O	Most of the residents were farmers , and everybody in town knew everybody else .
tr	I	Almost immediately I caught a snatch of inner monologue that shook me up , and I closed my eyes to help me concentrate .
tr	I	He sat next to me and I sat on the bed .
tr	O	Conversations broke out , and the room went into a quiet uproar .
tr	I	I just couldn 't stop and I broke into a crying fit .
tr	O	She let my hand go and I raised it toward him as he shouted .
tr	O	Not for the reasons you think , but yes , I 'm happy .
tr	O	The sun was up , but heavy clouds dimmed the sky , hiding the light .
tr	O	Reginald shrugged , but something was strange .
tr	O	Carl grabbed Quinn by the arm , and Quinn braced himself to be hit .
tr	I	He was holding my homerun until I agreed and the man knows how to run my bases .
tr	I	Finally , I caught a break , but looks like it 'll cost me .
tr	I	Then he stirred lightly , and for a moment there was no response from Resnick .
tr	O	He waited with Spyder at his side and Frank behind as one of the butterflies stopped directly in front of them .
tr	O	We got the pre-party plan out of the way and now it was time for the night of epicness to begin .
tr	O	Now he was forced to look at how Rafe might view his dealings , and he was embarrassed by what he found .
tr	O	Jonathan , once again fades and they are locked in battle .
tr	I	Jonah returned , and reflection time followed .
tr	I	He swings his arm around me , pulling me close to him and I laugh .
tr	I	His adorable mop of sandy hair falls in his eyes and he shakes his head .
tr	I	I knew it wasn 't this feeling of uncertainty , but I didn 't know what love was yet .
tr	I	She 'd heard about him on the grapevine , but not that Annie had ever attended the same parties .
tr	I	Some of the crowd did as well , and he chuckled .
tr	I	He liked that she was unafraid to challenge him but he wasn 't used to being so openly disobeyed .
tr	I	Nothing could get through and the doorway was closed .
tr	O	She pressed the cloth to the jagged claw marks , and I set my jaw .
tr	O	She hoped the fresh air would help but it wasn 't helping .
tr	I	Being a leader is still an ill-fitting coat on you , but men have followed you because of your name .
tr	I	He tasted the lingering sweetness on her tongue and she pressed her lips against his .
tr	I	Yet she is not crying and tears swim in her eyes .
tr	I	A lot of articles wrote about it , and I wrote his name in the searcher .
tr	I	Slowly I found myself standing firmly on the ground , and we found ourselves now passing into the town itself .
tr	I	I bit back a squeal and the leaves crackled around me .
tr	O	I would say where but I wasn 't sure .
tr	O	I stood at the kitchen sink with a sharp paring knife , and when I cut the first tomato I thought of Hank on the bridge .
tr	O	Cole looked at me for some sort of explanation and I shrugged .
tr	O	Her fresh , alluring scent wafted from her body and he breathed it in like a man deprived of oxygen , hungry for her fragrance .
tr	I	I think we 've gone beyond that now , and our friendship has always been important to me .
tr	O	The sandwich had lost its appeal , and she dumped it in the garbage .
tr	I	Heather rolled her eyes and Atlas 's ears flattened .
tr	I	The game was closed and the girl was gone .
tr	O	There were only a few dancers on the floor , swinging each other around the room , but it was still early yet .
tr	I	The interaction was identical to their first , and it happened the day of Alyssa 's death at the community gardens .
tr	O	We 've never met , but I knew your son .
tr	I	I slap them away , but hands grope at me .
tr	O	Little arms clung to his neck and he swore no one would take away his son .
tr	I	They did tend to dominate this woman 's thin face , but as for her eyes , Cale had always found large eyes an attractive feature .
tr	I	If he truly believed you to be your mother , he would have attacked me immediately , but I wish it was not so .
tr	I	This feels so wrong ... but I ' l do whatever I have to do to play bal for Alabama .
tr	I	I didn 't feel it was bad enough for me to mention it , but it hurt more than usual when I got up .
tr	I	My wardrobe definitely did not lend itself to the occasion and I wasn 't exactly the clubbing type .
tr	O	My leg was aching and I couldn 't be bothered getting up to refill my cup .
tr	I	Yar lek Thun didn 't get the reports he yearned for , and the Asturian archers with Brand 's force were waiting for them .
tr	O	I touched her face and she closed her eyes .
tr	I	Her thinking he was the best thing since sex was invented , and reaching a loud , simultaneous climax in each other 's arms .
tr	O	His face grew angry and he took a few steps forward so that he was close to me .
tr	O	That bull bucked before hurling into a spin , and I caught so much air I might have been suspended for eight seconds .
tr	I	She bit down hard on her lip and he thrust his fingers inside her again .
tr	O	I jumped back a few yards , on my guard , but he didn 't make an aggressive move toward me .
tr	I	As Aiden 's house line rang , I chewed on my lip , and I dialed his number .
tr	I	The men posted outside her door forbid it , but Prue had tried to escape .
tr	O	Their audience shifted uncomfortably and Cade 's smile faded .
tr	O	The old Tara would have let that comment pass , but the new Tara was turning over a new leaf .
tr	O	We 've been best friends for years and he knows what she means to me .
tr	I	I heard a heavy tread on the hardwood floor and the inside back porch light came on .
tr	O	Her skin was tinted green , and she swayed on her feet .
tr	I	Pouring water into the coffee maker and I had walked into the kitchen with the phone .
tr	I	Eve deepened her smile , and Bea gritted her teeth .
tr	O	She couldn 't teleport him out of there , and she doubted if she could even get him on his feet by herself .
tr	O	She winced as its ribcage inflated to the size of a barrel but its shoulders turned human .
tr	O	He was staring straight ahead and the somber look was back .
tr	O	Charlotte grabbed my arm , but I shooed her away .
tr	I	She didn 't feel like taking it back , but Julie didn 't know why she asked that .
tr	I	I 've seen him entering the elevator and I was heading back to the reception .
tr	O	His legs grew weak , and he fell .
tr	O	I wouldn 't say I was forward , but I made a move when I was interested .
tr	O	We rounded the corner and I was blinded by a sea of camera flashes .
tr	I	We didn 't even know what was wrong with him , and it would suck so much .
tr	I	There was a bit of a mischievous glow about him , and his tone seemed to be laced with excitement .
tr	O	I fell into the tattoo business when I was young , and I stuck with it because I 'm good at it .
tr	I	The morning 's edition was no exception and Sports news was typically light on Wednesday .
tr	I	She turned to look up at him , and he put his hands on her shoulders .
tr	O	He felt the blackness of death descend over him and as he died , he heard her last whispered words .
tr	I	The memory was hazy , but I tried to remember .
tr	I	It also felt right ... and it felt good to say that .
tr	I	I made us something to eat and sure , I had to get up to use the bathroom .
tr	I	Before she knew it , the interview was over , and this took several more minutes .
tr	O	It was just after World War II and the Allies had not yet restored order .
tr	O	Bitter acid rose in the back of her throat and Sarah struggled to fight it back .
tr	I	The things he 'd done there hadn 't been exactly conventional , and he 'd visited Mrs. Palmer in this house for many years .
tr	O	The five other crew members gathered by the bank were not all hulking athletes , but they were all men .
tr	I	Rivers of rain ran down her cheeks , and in an instant her hair was drenched .
tr	O	Alexis is your counterpart and you MUST watch your back at all times .
tr	O	They had been caught and the devil had put them in the little boxes !
tr	I	He was not about to argue , but it all seemed strange to him .
tr	O	The seven soldiers released the prisoners , raised their axes , and in less than thirty seconds , it was done .
tr	I	It is one I can afford , but it is a small enough punishment .
tr	I	You did it , and I knew I could trust one person never to leave me .
tr	O	Zane wasn 't sure what he thought of that , and it was definitely odd to see Ty like this .
tr	O	Because he was afraid she would leave and he would never see her again .
tr	I	I didn 't care , but I knew I sounded sappy .
tr	O	A coffee shop would 've been fine and it would 've been my treat .
tr	I	No more than that , our time was over , but I would see her off in my Royal capacity .
tr	I	For the most part the halls were empty , but I passed a few people on the way .
tr	O	Stu was almost as furious as Rocco but he was thinking through the situation carefully .
tr	O	I lost one child already and he has a power that will make him more of a target than ever .
tr	I	It seemed there was no end to them and more were coming .
tr	I	This is close to Roach country , so we post a watch , but inside our cave , the fire should be hidden to anyone on land .
tr	O	They were just thinking about hanging out but they wanted to see what we were doing .
tr	I	We had to do them just in case , but then we tried stupid things that we knew wouldn 't work .
tr	I	I was getting confused about things I shouldn 't be confused about , and I was beginning to forget what it felt like to be near him .
tr	O	Snow is falling on her hair , and she 's not wearing a coat .
tr	I	That 's why I felt pressure and she explained the head was down .
tr	I	There were no connecting memories to tell me how it happened , but somehow I went from that job to that cliff .
tr	O	Realm 's jaw is tightly clenched , and he hands me back the photo .
tr	O	Blood began pulsing out of his neck and he reeled backwards clutching at his throat .
tr	O	He cast a glance behind him , and she knew exactly what he meant .
tr	I	Yet , in another way , I wondered what adventure would come next , and in a way it would .
tr	I	Before he knew it time for lunch had come around and the latter caught his attention .
tr	I	It was obvious he was trying so hard for her benefit , and he was just too funny .
tr	I	She 's hard to walk away from , but she deserves far better than me .
tr	I	We can each get a turn , and I can score something for her .
tr	O	Protests formed on the tip of my tongue , but he was right .
tr	O	He doesn 't look at me , but he answers .
tr	O	She had stuttered , and she had squirmed in the uncomfortable silences that followed .
tr	I	Keeping his identity secret was the least of his worries , but he knew how .
tr	O	Leaders need to be the first to take the path and that 's what we 'll do .
tr	I	I returned the smile and he smiled at me .
tr	O	In fact , I can see it from my bedroom window , but this is the first time that I 'm trying it out .
tr	O	He needed me , and part of me craved that feeling .
tr	O	The word coven was not unfamiliar , but none of us had applied it to our group before .
tr	O	She was not content with just his company and he was sick to death of hers .
tr	O	She said this with a soft smile , and her eyes sparkled with mischief .
tr	O	Daniel is staring at me from over by the table and my mom looks like she 's on the verge of tears .
tr	I	Her hand emerged the other side of it , and Leah felt its flesh rip .
tr	I	Then she vomited , and then they came close enough for her to see what once had been the sick man 's feet .
tr	O	I had asked him to help me in my search about Angels in the Shadows and he has just sent me a couple of relevant links .
tr	O	I turned to Hunter to see if he had just witnessed what happened , but he was too engrossed in his cards .
tr	I	Her brother , Max , stepped out on the patio and the rear door opened .
tr	I	He was a total stranger , yet his voice was familiar to her .
tr	O	I don 't suppose you 've had time to notice , but there 've been a few changes in Orchard Valley .
tr	I	I know that won 't accomplish anything useful , but I want to attack her for outing me .
tr	I	Mr. Bentley showed them into the warehouse , and Emeline smiled at the man , murmuring her assent .
tr	O	We could easily have traveled straight to the ballroom , and no one would have noticed our sudden appearance .
tr	I	The front door finally opens and a half hour goes by .
tr	I	Eris saw that it was a feminine face and it pushed forward .
tr	O	It was almost rush hour and several Transit buses were lined up outside the terminal .
tr	I	His Wrangler come speeding out and I stand in shock as I watch the garage door slide open .
tr	I	My body becomes electrified and his statuesque physique stuns my mind .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure , but I would find out .
tr	I	It was all I could do not to launch myself into his arms , and the wind gently blew , wafting his scent in my direction .
tr	I	This new one is next to the cabin in Durango , and we now have a marker set in San Francisco .
tr	I	It felt so strange to miss it , but I obviously didn 't want to go .
tr	I	I run out into the hall and my hands drop to my sides .
tr	I	She made us promise not to tell ours either , and she didn 't tell her friends what Ben did .
tr	O	I wasn 't in a charitable mood to begin with and this just made it worse .
tr	O	I 'd tell Kelsey about everything , and we 'd party the pain away .
tr	I	It was safe but it wasn 't comfortable .
tr	O	He took the time to lock those doors as well , and then they walked to the L station together .
tr	O	The clouds parted below me and I saw land .
tr	I	I felt my face drain of color , but the girls started congratulating each other , happy to have uncovered another cheater .
tr	I	He 'd save that for later , but all three nosed at his hand in the hope of treats .
tr	I	He retired to his apartment as he always does , and we had a glass of wine together about ten .
tr	I	Alex was looking anxiously in our direction and Kirk was helping her to her feet .
tr	O	The fur ball was trapped like a wild animal and he knew it .
tr	I	It will be gone the next moment , and he can tuck something into his pocket .
tr	O	He retreats to the washroom first , and I join him after a few minutes .
tr	O	It 's clean , but it 's definitely past its prime .
tr	O	The contents were a little wet , but at least they weren 't soaked .
tr	I	I eagerly clasped hold of it and my brother stretched his hand back .
tr	I	His gaze was locked with Ryland 's , but Sam 's fingers tightened on her arm .
tr	I	Then a whoosh as a ring of flames suddenly exploded to life , and it was followed by a click click click .
tr	I	We have to make decisions and Life is our roadway .
tr	O	You have a brother , and he shall be King !
tr	I	For a moment it looked like it was going in and he executed the shot .
tr	O	It had a funny smell of Lily of the Valley he thought , and this made him think of old people .
tr	O	His head was shaved completely bald , but he had a goatee that was made up of black hair .
tr	O	He didn 't speak right away , but the line of his lips tightened .
tr	O	Almost two minutes passed before his head reappeared and he gasped for breath .
tr	O	The men were gone but the Fat Man remained where they 'd left him .
tr	O	I didn 't want to give them a guaranteed yes , but I knew it 'd be a pretty easy decision .
tr	I	He 'd been determined to keep it , but his father had never liked that artwork .
tr	O	Six has never been a morning person , and from the looks of it , she 's not an afternoon person , either .
tr	I	Mia had to think about Jonas , but this idea was very tempting .
tr	O	He hadn 't come here expecting this , but he also couldn 't think of anything he wanted more than to be here with her .
tr	I	Lizzie jerked back trembling , and the words were as effective as a slap in the face .
tr	I	He wanted to know everything , and there was so much more .
tr	I	I put on the mechanical gills once again and we both walked towards the river removing our B.T. .
tr	I	He shut the door after me and slightly unnerved , I got in .
tr	O	The door opens and Cal appears , brightness behind her .
tr	I	Carbonell doesn 't , but they want the pirates in jail .
tr	I	She doesn 't adjust well and this is a big change for her .
tr	I	He points at the recorder , but I nod to the officer .
tr	O	Armed and running quickly down the narrow path .
tr	O	Well , one of the inspector 's men had made the arrest , but the pair of them had worked the subsequent investigation together .
tr	I	I kissed the edge of his jaw and he looked at me for a long moment .
tr	O	My dick springs to life , pressing into her and she smiles in satisfaction .
tr	I	A Bug with yellow stripes on his carapace steps forward , but I don 't know what they 're saying .
tr	O	I am in love with her , and she is with me .
tr	I	She became more attentive reading the messages of Ganymede , and Anna finally managed to beat her sleepiness .
tr	I	Ever since I heard him do it , I 've wanted to know , but I hadn 't meant to ask .
tr	O	He stared back at her with amusement in his eyes and her heart sank .
tr	I	As I heard him coming up behind me , I knew he wasn 't going to change his mind , but our conversation was far from done .
tr	I	His partner was now gone , and Viktor Kalen had no children .
tr	O	She kisses him on his forehead and he stirs .
tr	I	I ran to catch up with Micah , and Beth nodded , gesturing for me to go .
tr	I	They are our servants and we are the masters .
tr	I	That was how it was meant to be , but misery hovered over our heads the entire way .
tr	O	His eyes were glassy , and his expression vague , like he was surfacing from a deep , deep sleep .
tr	O	Every junior in the school had known for two weeks , and so far not even the faintest rumor had leaked out .
tr	I	She looked at me , and Ellery 's eye widened .
tr	O	You require peacefulness to feed your spirit and your mother requires the energy of love .
tr	O	Her face was distorted through two visors but I saw she meant it .
tr	O	Michael made no reply , but his beaming face seemed to answer for him .
tr	O	I 'd danced ballet for many years , and that certainly helped me keep my balance .
tr	I	He starts to eat , taking small bites of his food , and after a while I let him go .
tr	I	She wanted to be with him so they were together while he was in her country and he wanted to be with her all the time .
tr	I	He couldn 't see it , but it had to be there .
tr	O	His left hand had been saved , and his right hand lost .
tr	I	I did know that I wasn 't going to quit hunting them , fighting them , killing them , but I didn 't know what that meant .
tr	O	I started and she shook her head .
tr	O	There was a good deal of blood , and a wide stab wound under the right side of Magnus 's ribs .
tr	O	The voice replied and he waited impatiently .
tr	O	The Story is Torn , and he was not yet sure how the Story is going to develop from now on .
tr	I	There was no way for her to leave and the post was on lockdown .
tr	O	She bent to retrieve them , but somehow he was there first .
tr	I	He belongs to me , and I belong to Reyes .
tr	I	He couldn 't stop his hands from moving underneath Asha 's soft , white cotton top , but Simon Brown tried to control himself .
tr	O	She said something in response , but I couldn 't hear over the dog 's growls .
tr	O	That was an exaggeration , but Kate didn 't argue .
tr	O	He stumbled to his knees and his eyes lost all focus before he fell onto his back .
tr	I	For the actual wedding , she hadn 't given a honeymoon any thought and Maryellen had been so involved with plans for her move .
tr	O	The Balti House on the ground floor was opening up in readiness for its evening customers , and the cooking smells wafted in through the open windows .
tr	O	His voice falters , but he quickly recovers .
tr	I	The day of his father 's deadline had arrived , and a week was soon up .
tr	I	He drank and his teeth pierced her again .
tr	I	This is it , and I 've been teaching you to restrain your emotions all your life for a reason .
tr	O	He missed , and the shiny cylinder banged across the linoleum .
tr	I	She knew , but Sean hadn 't told her where the body was .
tr	I	She was not surprised by it , but Cassie was disheartened by Chris 's assessment .
tr	O	The waves had been particularly choppy on this trip and some of the passengers were not feeling up to par today .
tr	I	I think ... And all day long I pace inside this dark , tiny , cell .
tr	I	He hadn 't tried to stop him and he 'd known Micah was taking Wren .
tr	I	I stopped struggling , but fear clenched my stomach into a tight fist of tension .
tr	O	She knew she 'd have to tell Carlo about the baby , but it would be long after all this mess was cleared up .
tr	O	At once Vida 's other foot kicked up to the stomach and she threw herself in after it .
tr	I	Now Rigel spoke up , but Mr. Stuart was still shaking his head .
tr	O	I thought she 'd nailed it on the head , but Clement shook his head .
tr	O	They 'd been out for the evening for one of Kevin 's work colleagues ' birthdays and he 'd lost count of his drink .
tr	I	I was alarmed that its eyes didn 't look any smaller now that its head was bigger and it had fingernails that looked like claws .
tr	O	They knew they wouldn 't be home for the majority of the summer , but it was close enough .
tr	O	She gave him her hand and they proceeded through the crowd to the front of the hall .
tr	I	The man mentioned something about a stirred anthill and the boy asked what all the fuss was about .
tr	O	He was used to being stared at , but that did not mean he liked it .
tr	O	The doors to the car slid open and people started spilling out .
tr	O	The coffee cup was empty and still he had not returned to the living room .
tr	O	Hugh hummed a coaxing sound , and then his mouth was there , his tongue moving in deep licks , just the way he kissed .
tr	O	I decide the back is too far away but the front is definitely too close for comfort .
tr	I	He was quiet about it , but he might be deadly .
tr	I	He told me to focus on the Realization , and I said the same thing to Mr. Weathers .
tr	O	The storm seemed to work itself into a fury , and its force smashed the wooden box into the heavy rocks of the cliff behind him .
tr	I	She would finish it tonight , and she had found the book today .
tr	O	I wanted an answer , and I wanted it now .
tr	I	I know that the servants will respect you more for it , and it was well done of you , Becky .
tr	I	Now it was out of her hands and Jenny realized she had pushed it as far as she could .
tr	I	A rush of heat washed over Eliot 's face , and clouds of opaque smoke billowed into the small room .
tr	I	She didn 't even want to resist , and he was seducing her , there on the dance floor .
tr	I	I pulled away to pace the room , and he nodded .
tr	I	She sighed , and the scent of jasmine filled the air .
tr	I	We 're good to go and add in that scene .
tr	I	It clicked open and a soft knock came at his bedroom door .
tr	I	She had completely forgotten the entire incident by the time she was dropped off at her apartment , and Alex suggested they leave .
tr	I	Its implications had played through Gretchen 's mind most of the day and that thought .
tr	I	In a flash he realized the pillars were petrified trees , and as he got closer , he noticed the pillar was textured like bark .
tr	O	Pain shuddered through me and I curled over myself .
tr	I	Yet he was as gentle as a tamed lion in her bed , and the deadly power of him was undeniable .
tr	I	It fell apart in my hands and I clutched the shirt to me .
tr	O	It got the desired reaction and she could see him forcibly throwing off the effects of his injuries .
tr	O	Something tickled in her nose , and she let out a sneeze .
tr	I	It was Jacques , brother to the Prince , who supplied it to Corinne , and he knew Gregori commanded that more blood be given .
tr	O	Her eyes focused and her heartbeat tripled .
tr	O	These are my newer troops and they get a little spooked .
tr	I	I didn 't know you were there and my sight is not good .
tr	I	Her legs were sore , and Rema 's back ached .
tr	O	A smile teased her lips , but it wasn 't a happy one , more like an acknowledgment of his words .
tr	O	I made sure it had no reflecting surfaces , and we moved in .
tr	O	I close my eyes , waiting for it to pass , but it seems to take forever .
tr	O	She 'd gotten what she wanted , and now it was time to leave .
tr	I	No way were they going to suicide charge a heavily armoured vehicle and they 're not stupid .
tr	I	I wanted to trust him but maybe I was being suckered again .
tr	I	The cart began to descend , and there was an exaggerated shake .
tr	O	She was here , in his house when he came home from work , and he didn 't even miss the normal quiet .
tr	I	Her private disdain was a little easier to bear and she was pretty good at hiding her disapproval in public .
tr	O	I looked at him , and more tears jumped out .
tr	I	The rice provided an antidote , bland though it was , and he was hungry .
tr	O	Nate kept me from leaving last night , but I 'm just about ready to go .
tr	O	I attempted to swallow , but my throat felt tight .
tr	O	He walked over to a chair by me and he sat down .
tr	I	He 'd wept in Thimble 's arms , and they had gotten closer since Deuce had been sent away .
tr	I	He was staring right in the window at her , but she didn 't have any clue who he was .
tr	O	He put a serious hit on my credit card , but I really didn 't care .
tr	O	There was more to the story , but Frank had other things in mind .
tr	O	Natalie stepped farther in , trying not to step in the growing puddle , but she found it near impossible .
tr	O	Maryann 's eyes blazed with fire and suddenly the whole room lit up again .
tr	I	She coughed and a tickle formed in her throat .
tr	I	He decided that his half-brother might have a point and Nick 's advice was still going through Sam 's head .
tr	O	The three maids , who had known Alexandra since infancy , weren 't fooled and hid smiles as they moved on to the next bedchamber .
tr	I	They 'd never missed a game , and Vaughn had played team sports throughout his four years in high school .
tr	I	Then I took her hand , and I closed my eyes for a second .
tr	I	My eyes closed and my head went back .
tr	O	The laws ordain the course of events and all are swept along in the current .
tr	O	It spooked the mare slightly and she sidestepped in protest .
tr	I	She respected rules , and she respected laws .
tr	O	Everyone was startled , but Janet got up to see who it was .
tr	O	I walked to unlock the door and Jason came to stand next to me , first in line to go inside .
tr	O	He just about groaned with the pain of holding back but he knew she didn 't really want him to stop .
tr	O	I was content , and love , probably , felt like this .
tr	I	I couldn 't smile back , but Matt smiled at me between bites .
tr	O	The tall , lighted buildings of downtown sat to my east and the quiet suburban neighborhoods were located to my west .
tr	O	He reached for Cammie , but she didn 't relinquish her hold on her brother .
tr	I	You two were laughing and I came down .
tr	I	She was able to work it up and she wiggled the section of wood until it gave a raucous screech .
tr	O	She put out a gloved finger to trace them , but Sean stopped her .
tr	I	She moaned with pleasure , and he pushed his finger inside of her .
tr	O	We will be prepared for you and we know what your intentions are .
tr	I	She 'd let her answering machine take the call , and the phone had rung twice while we were there .
tr	O	She 'd free him , or she 'd die trying .
tr	O	asked Linda behind her and she turned around .
tr	O	She tried not to hurt people too much , but there was no helping it here .
tr	I	My toes ached from the cold , and my shoes were full of water .
tr	O	A linebacker chopped his knees , but he kept his legs churning .
tr	I	Sean wished he 'd brought a flashlight , and the grimy windows filtered the weak sunlight .
tr	O	Monty volunteered , and I could almost feel his excitement .
tr	O	Sidney 's voice boomed out of the front door , and he grinned at me as I turned towards him .
tr	O	The white sheets on the beds are covered with dust , and the beds themselves seem to have sagged in the centre .
tr	I	I didn 't trust him to take care of it and I would be giving it to him .
tr	I	He 'd taken it all in stride , and the first thing she 'd done had been to insult him , question his competence .
tr	I	I hope that rules out conversation , and the previews are already rolling by the time we sit down .
tr	O	Canines , panthers , rabbits , and a half bear half moose animal .
tr	O	Melody started to protest , but Logan held his finger to her lips .
tr	I	I know there are two undercover detectives in there , but I can 't see very well inside the window .
tr	O	Logan lets me go , and I look at Matt .
tr	I	She nodded , grinning , and Peter asked with a small smile .
tr	I	Her mouth was dry as cotton , despite the cold water she continued to sip and Natalie 's heart beat rapidly .
tr	O	Sable had never called him by his first name before and somehow the simple familiarity touched him in a way he hadn 't experienced in centuries .
tr	O	He was one of those men who grinned even when they were annoyed , but right now he grinned because he was proud .
tr	O	They couldn 't know the truth but it bothered me that they disparaged Buck .
tr	O	Xavier feared he would lose her and in a way , he did .
tr	I	Nellie asked who it was and there was a knock at the door .
tr	I	That didn 't stop her from checking out the rest of the male population but she loved Wyatt .
tr	O	He didn 't want to keep her against her will , but he didn 't want her in danger , either .
tr	O	People would meet him there from time to time , and legends of him would prevail throughout the generations .
tr	O	They move quickly with uncle Gabriel , but the man who yelled at us remains behind .
tr	I	Unease churned inside me , and I watched him through the showroom windows , walking around to look at the new cars .
tr	I	He was going to start by helping them , and his friends needed his help .
tr	O	Barlow 's barking laugh subsided , but his heavy shoulders kept heaving .
tr	I	He shuffled towards the door , blinking in the unaccustomed light , and Skin hung loosely off his thin , hollow frame .
tr	O	She 'd fought and she 'd died .
tr	O	I know that was wrong as well but I have reached my zenith of patience .
tr	O	The blood drained from my face and I took a step back .
tr	I	She walked towards him , and it was the earl .
tr	I	I already felt closer to her than anyone in my life and I had only known her a few hours .
tr	I	They promised to look into it , and I even reported it to corporate .
tr	O	I wanted her to look at me , suddenly , but I would be damned if I asked her to .
tr	I	Laughter came from the living room , and every single light was on downstairs .
tr	I	She feared him , but it was Anakin .
tr	O	I just had to get through this and I would start to understand things again .
tr	I	There are no racquets -- just hands with gloves , but the game is played with the same rules as racquetball .
tr	O	He 's a booming baritone , and he 's got impressive lungs .
tr	I	Rand had handled it well , but there had been some tension .
tr	I	Kelly could have kissed the boat when he finally saw it , and it was a long walk down the docks to the Fiddler 's Green .
tr	O	I waited for Lloyd to say I told you so , but to his credit , he didn 't .
tr	I	That had an appeal , but he was the exact opposite of her .
tr	I	That 's why Maureen stops talking and they must have heard the noise .
tr	O	A quick right led him to the stairs , and he bounded up them , becoming more wobbly the higher he got .
tr	O	a young woman 's voice said and though she said it forcefully she did not raise her voice .
tr	I	Warm liquid exploded in my mouth , and he came .
tr	O	Several minutes dragged on and the screaming finally quit .
tr	O	His father may fall for that dry wit , but no way can he get anything past me .
tr	I	An idea came to me - and as I walked down a hallway to Molly 's office , I passed by the main one .
tr	O	I was with him a lot of the times he got picked up by Sheriff Thorp , but no one said much about me .
tr	O	I don 't generally find old women scary , but Georgina was downright frightening when she was mad .
tr	O	They had to act quickly or they will be dead in seconds .
tr	I	Tightened his jaw , as if desperately trying to pay attention to her words instead of her half-naked body and he swallowed hard .
tr	O	Sparrows eat seeds , but owls prefer mice .
tr	I	Nothing looked edible , and I had to go through the line alone .
tr	O	The wind blew his short black hair as he stepped closer , and his eyes crinkled slightly at the corners as he smiled her way .
tr	O	She snuggled in closer , and he started to rethink the wisdom of having her move around on his lap .
tr	O	It 's been three months cooking , this plan , and it 's a beaut .
tr	I	He was speeding casually through the streets before she realized he hadn 't muttered a word to her and she was buckled in .
tr	O	I don 't know if you 've ever had someone scream right in your face , but let me tell you it 's the most terrifying experience .
tr	O	They were meant for horseback riding , and more importantly , they looked good .
tr	I	I squinted to see my com lying on the ground , and Officer Mayer 's voice was distant this time .
tr	I	For the first time , Beth was conscious of how long it had been since she 'd had a conversation like this , and he laughed .
tr	O	I run my fingers over his cheek , and he closes his eyes when I do .
tr	I	Then the world would die of fire , and it had been prophesied that the meteor would come .
tr	O	He dug his fingers into my skin , bruising me , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	There was no turning back and she was lost , over the crest of the hill .
tr	I	She could not see how many of them there were , and the men were shielded from her sight at the moment .
tr	I	He felt Artie grip his legs tighter , and his pant leg tore .
tr	I	She noticed a glint of gold from cufflinks exposed on his outstretched arm , and he wore a suit that seemed to fit well .
tr	O	The floor shakes beneath us , and an iced chill travels down my spine .
tr	O	Zach had watched the exchange in silence and she guessed that he had quickly taken her parents ' measure .
tr	O	She enjoyed his company , though , and he made her feel safe .
tr	I	It gave them enough time to get out , but she merely stunned it .
tr	O	Ryan swooping down from the sky and snatching me up in his arms .
tr	O	The spot where the one sheep had been attacked was still evident but it didn 't seem to bother the flock .
tr	O	I could feel his cock pressing against my opening , begging for entrance and I wanted to give it to him .
tr	O	He smiled at her sudden attack and she felt pride .
tr	O	I don 't blink , and it can 't .
tr	O	He looked at his cell phone it said eleven in the afternoon but it looked as if the sun had already set .
tr	O	As she did this , she slid her hand along my forearm and a stinging prickle of heat followed each slight movement of her hand .
tr	O	She was a beautiful woman , but if he was not much mistaken , she had put on some weight since he left .
tr	I	In fact he had none , but to the inexperienced eye it might look as if the older man had the advantage .
tr	O	The hinges were bent and the door hung crooked .
tr	O	When he nodded , she smiled and this time he allowed her kiss .
tr	O	Across from me , Director Sterling 's jaw clenched slightly , but the rest of his face remained impassive .
tr	O	She had no desire to die , but she could not allow anything to stop her message , regardless of the danger .
tr	O	Her partner turned about , and his thin lips drew back from his crooked yellow teeth .
tr	I	His eyes brightened , and I saw the moment he recognized me .
tr	O	A trail of shuttle pieces littered the ground between us , and the Reboots around us were laughing , talking excitedly .
tr	I	She didn 't make a sound but Carrie 's hand tightened on his belt loop .
tr	I	Zeus could have hidden it anywhere in the world and only the sword could bring him back to me .
tr	I	Her eyes were too heavy , but she started to protest .
tr	O	Your shuttle has disappeared off our devices , but we are hearing your conversation .
tr	I	We wanted desperately to spend the day together , and neither of us was scheduled to work .
tr	O	Neil spoke with enthusiasm , and Riki looked at him , astonished .
tr	I	Once it gets dark , I will have been here for more than twenty-four hours , and 11 Ira It is now Sunday afternoon .
tr	O	I wasn 't exactly sure what I was doing , but it didn 't seem to matter .
tr	I	She preferred to have her own space but she could have done this in the caravan .
tr	I	I hope it 's just a figment of my imagination and I hate myself for even thinking it .
tr	I	The service began and the music started .
tr	I	Her heart continued to knock rapidly against her ribcage , but Scarlett let out the breath she 'd been holding .
tr	O	He said something else , but it was too low for me to hear .
tr	O	The French windows burst inward , and the room was suddenly flooded with Shadowhunters in their dark fighting gear .
tr	O	The room was suddenly filled with the onrushing sound of prototypical music , however , and this seemed to buttress her courage .
tr	O	The woman was none of these but for this , her very important cause , she could be .
tr	O	I tried to run to him but someone held me back .
tr	O	I watch him as he moves effortlessly around the kitchen and I 'm in awe at his level of comfort .
tr	O	They quizzed him about his trip and he answered them like he was really visited his Aunt Sophie which felt more like a dream to him .
tr	I	When it faded once again , the commencement began , and the applause was thunderous .
tr	O	His stomach had become unused to such a substantial offering and he left half of it untouched .
tr	O	He was twenty-eight years old , and he 'd achieved next to nothing in his life .
tr	I	That probably didn 't attract Mary Jo anymore , not after being involved with a player like David , but he wasn 't as smooth , either .
tr	O	They had built an empire , their cattle ranches renowned , but their enemies often went after their family members as well .
tr	I	She knew whatever thought had crossed his mind had stirred his anger and when he pulled back , his eyes held touches of amber color .
tr	I	I didn 't know what time Claire would be home and I didn 't want to risk being late for work tomorrow .
tr	O	The hand curled once , twice , and then she recognized it as a beckoning motion .
tr	O	There was no answer and he did not leave any messages .
tr	I	I squeezed off another round to be sure , but the first bullet hit him in the chest .
tr	O	Hayden had been giving her mixed signals , and she didn 't want to push him .
tr	I	It was perfect for Erik 's purposes , but such a coach was considered quite small by the ostentatious denizens of Paris .
tr	O	If he is sensible , he will want a winter night for crossing the Channel , and the days are already growing longer .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed to be already looking past us , but I looked toward Jenna , who was still smiling .
tr	I	It 's the way things were , but this wasn 't fair .
tr	O	Couple of phone calls , and the gig was booked .
tr	I	They passed through and the scout took care of the formalities .
tr	I	It was not a lie , and Hart told her he loved her .
tr	I	Being old news back home totally beats being the scandal of the week here , but I never figured I 'd think of California as a blessing .
tr	O	She 's using me and I 'm using her .
tr	O	He 'd never enjoyed a woman 's company as much as hers , and he 'd felt like they could do anything together .
tr	I	He ignored the ache but his legs had grown weary hours ago .
tr	I	He confirmed what was wrong with me , and I did see him today .
tr	O	I 'm sure injecting crude oil into my veins would have been easier on my body , but I didn 't care .
tr	I	The fear would seep into the castle , but no one would miss them .
tr	I	His hands got tighter in my hair , and felt him get even harder through the layer of denim separating us .
tr	O	She almost told him yes , but this was one thing she needed to do on her own .
tr	O	I felt guilty about how good she made me feel , but I didn 't want Avril to know about the woman .
tr	O	The edge of the knife pierces through my shirt and I feel the cool blade resting against my skin .
tr	O	The good doctor was running more tests , but as of now , Dallas was stable .
tr	O	He gently checked the uterus , and Molly twitched slightly .
tr	O	It was dark and the streets all started looking alike .
tr	O	First he gets injured , and then his father dies .
tr	O	Nothing is known of her current condition , but I have a lock on her location .
tr	O	I 'm not saying this as disrespect to your character , but it 's something I 've noticed .
tr	O	She had never understood it , but that was the way it was .
tr	O	Mike had let the conversations run their courses and nearly everyone had had something to contribute .
tr	I	Scott has been really pushing Walt to go after what he wants , but I get that .
tr	I	I helped him , but at first I felt very strange , then I kind of got into it , then later I felt strange again .
tr	I	She nods , and I ask .
tr	O	I remember the shadows I had seen on his face when we had talked about leaving the resort , and everything falls into place .
tr	O	I already made that mistake with us once , and I don 't want to do it again .
tr	I	I understand they are very fierce fighters , and it is a great coup : a vastly different breed .
tr	I	Then I was spinning away , and I let this person lift me .
tr	O	In the old days , you could ask for a cost when you finish the call , but I doubt that applies now .
tr	I	I couldn 't take my chances , but he said he wouldn 't hurt me .
tr	O	She knew who Tess was and Tess knew who Jo was .
tr	I	Deep inside he was frightened , but Hiro kept an expressionless face .
tr	O	they whispered , and Pandora turned to look at them .
tr	O	He 's on wife number four , and he only cares about himself .
tr	O	I felt Eden 's blood spark alive with concern , and it set my own into a frenzy of boiling electricity .
tr	O	He meowed again , ending with a touch of howl , but the person who opened his windows did not wake up .
tr	I	Julie started back to her room , and a scream pierced the air .
tr	O	I was nonchalant about it , when he gave me a zircon ring , brilliantly cut and it looks like some heirloom .
tr	O	The question had made them all laugh harder , and Lauren most of all .
tr	I	The guilty look in her eyes makes my heart stop , and she hangs her head low .
tr	I	Our parents know each other and our neighborhood is a pretty close neighborhood .
tr	I	Of course it was too late , but damn it , he should be driving her home .
tr	I	He twisted around as though looking for her , but Stacy could , no doubt , hear her , too .
tr	I	At the same time I didn 't want to smother her , but I wanted to see her tomorrow .
tr	O	He was dining with Jason Danvers , and Suzy had been dining there with Claire Walters , who was actually Claire Danvers now .
tr	I	She seemed unarmed , but with the light behind her , he couldn 't make out her features .
tr	I	She opened her eyes , surprised , and laughing , I shook my head .
tr	O	I ask him and he slowly nods .
tr	I	There was a shock in store , but they had him .
tr	O	He did have a very good pension with the union , but it would not pay out until next year .
tr	I	I wanted to kill him and the intensity of the moment added energy to my grip .
tr	I	She really did not know where their relationship stood , and it was complicated .
tr	O	A single guitar player was playing the song at half time , but the tune was almost haunting .
tr	O	All three outer walls were made of glass , and the ceiling was angled , allowing for an uninterrupted view of the sky .
tr	O	She rushes over to Lucien instead , and I let her take over without a word .
tr	I	I couldn 't focus on the chicken scratch on the pages and the pencil in my hand was limp between my fingers .
tr	O	A king-size lump formed in her throat , and it was all she could do not to promise him she 'd never , run away again .
tr	I	She didn 't operate that way , but she 'd seen countless women do just that .
tr	I	He held her close to try to warm her up , and she was as cold as the inside of the icebox .
tr	O	The room shook and the building shuddered as I took a step forward .
tr	I	Edwards , looking relieved to understand his mission , began to lead us downhill , and Tolliver gestured to the woods .
tr	O	I don 't know what the rest of the Garde are like , but I don 't scare that easy .
tr	O	I feel suffocated , but at least I feel strong .
tr	O	He 's immortal , and nothing can hurt him .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure he 'd show up for breakfast , but he claimed he needed to get used to my cooking .
tr	O	I wasn 't going to change my mind , but I wasn 't exactly cut out for torture .
tr	I	Her hand shook too much , but she started to punch in her combination .
tr	O	The SUV hummed as Tom put it into drive , and before long they were rolling over the snow-covered road .
tr	I	His internal body clock told him it was daytime , but the thick black curtains over the windows let in very little light .
tr	O	His mischievous smile stayed the same and he kept right in his place .
tr	O	She felt enticed rather than coerced , and his taste was filling her senses .
tr	O	The play provided a platform to talk about these issues buried deep within them and some of it came out in anger .
tr	I	I didn 't look back , but the anger in his voice caused me to jump .
tr	I	This was not heading in that direction at all , but he had expected some sort of ruckus .
tr	O	He put his hand on my arm , and I shrugged it off , too furious to say anything .
tr	O	They are truly mesmerized but I still think he looks out of place .
tr	I	I look toward it , and my phone dings again .
tr	O	Finally at the end of the third week Amelie was well enough to return home and for a short time their life returned to something like normality .
tr	I	I didn 't know the exact word , but I knew there was some psychological term for this .
tr	O	I thought about Ryder and how devoted he was to Kenna .
tr	I	He had been using it instinctively for the past couple minutes and he had a predator 's talent for concealment when he chose to use it .
tr	I	The four of them , in unison , jumped into the beginning dawn light and the green light flashed on .
tr	O	The office door opened , and Dylan strode in .
tr	I	He doesn 't step outside but the elevator slides open .
tr	O	The search of the Hutchinson family home lasted an hour , and Ernest feigned surprise when they failed to find the missing pistol .
tr	I	In my defense I hadn 't seen Ang in a long time , but I guess I should have thought out the decision to include her .
tr	O	Sean 's lips twitched , but he didn 't laugh .
tr	I	Samantha said that apparently her bin at home was full of wrappers , but I never actually saw her with a chocolate bar in her mouth .
tr	I	I wanted a lay , and she wanted a relationship .
tr	I	I wouldn 't cross her , but Raegan was a great friend .
tr	O	Her forehead bled from the crash , but she didn 't care about that .
tr	O	Tandy was totally captivated , and she was certainly captivating .
tr	O	He 's rough , and my head snaps back , hitting the wall .
tr	I	He was slowly starting to wake up and Nicolas 's breathing had returned to normal .
tr	I	On some mental , some emotional level I was good as dead , but part of me died right then , maybe not a physical death .
tr	O	She knew mindless sex wasn 't the answer , but it wouldn 't be a bad start either .
tr	I	I 've never heard his voice so excited , and he had a huge smile on his face .
tr	O	I 'll always take care of my family , but I 've never gone out looking for women who need to be saved .
tr	O	The way that he 's claiming me makes me feel claustrophobic , and I put my hand to my ribs , gasping for breath .
tr	O	The NHS has to be transparent in these situations and that renders it extremely porous by default .
tr	I	The driver claims to have no memory of it whatsoever , but witnesses claimed that the driver actually swerved to hit pedestrians .
tr	I	John joined them and the door opened .
tr	O	I tugged at my lap bar , but what did I think I could do ?
tr	I	It was fantastic , and in I went .
tr	I	He needed to know , but damn it , he didn 't want this woman to think he cared .
tr	I	Hunter threw it open and it unscrewed .
tr	I	We can take them out in one blow , but there are too many .
tr	O	I 've seen very few drakes in my time , but this creature looked downright ill if you ask me .
tr	O	This just wasn 't the businesslike , graceful entrance she had hoped for , and her lustful reaction to Grady Sinclair had her uncharacteristically flustered .
tr	O	The sideways ones are one thing , but bare pages to the front make my teeth hurt .
tr	I	Instead the display showed an unknown number , but I fished it out , wondering if it was another message from Ethan .
tr	O	She would never , ever say it out loud , but she would give anything to have a real family .
tr	I	Lady Randa bristled , and Basalt always seemed to make his use of the honorific sound like an insult .
tr	I	I 'd never seen something as brutal as that , but I 'd seen many terrible things through my abilities .
tr	I	The limbs started at about fourteen feet from the ground , and the trunk was three feet in diameter .
tr	O	It wasn 't broken , but it was badly sprained .
tr	I	My discomfort makes me bold , and I don 't like being confused .
tr	O	she cries , but her voice is fading .
tr	I	Maybe he could still pull this off , but it wasn 't much .
tr	O	He died in January and they sent her his effects .
tr	I	He sighed as he was left alone , and the door to the apartment pounded shut .
tr	O	Maybe that is the explanation that he can accept , but I need more than that .
tr	O	After that Jesse was occasionally frightened again by spirits ; and she did share these secrets with her closest friends .
tr	I	He carried himself rather arrogantly and his clothes were obviously tailor-made .
tr	I	He looked peaceful enough , and I studied his face .
tr	O	The snows had remained deep on the island throughout the winter , and the first signs of thaw didn 't come until late March .
tr	I	You can no longer live , but so , I 'm sorry .
tr	O	Mindi called her parents on the way back to campus , and they 'll be on a flight here in the morning .
tr	I	She sighed through her nose , and the tightness in her stomach abated .
tr	I	She jogged the distance to catch up and he stopped .
tr	O	His eyes locked with Savannah 's and he could see terror there .
tr	O	Riley was a lot taller than me , but I wasn 't intimidated in the least .
tr	O	Jesse strained to see , but still he saw nothing .
tr	I	She wanted to give it to Sarah and the prayer shawl was finished .
tr	O	He heard the ground crunching beneath footsteps behind him , and he swung around in excitement .
tr	I	Mary hugged her tight , and Paola burst into tears .
tr	O	I live one thousand years in the future now , and I 'm taking you forward to my time tonight .
tr	O	The cart rumbled into life again and they could feel it going upwards .
tr	I	A quilt fair , and we have a big rodeo .
tr	I	It 's exactly how I 've felt it and I see her emotions as I lay out each piece of this weekend .
tr	I	Those files have been wiped clean , and they store their surveillance videos digitally .
tr	I	She slept and Night fell .
tr	O	He was the only person in the entire kingdom who didn 't treat me like a princess and I liked it that way .
tr	O	My husband is a good man , a fair employer , and he takes his obligation towards his people seriously .
tr	O	Stone didn 't know why he felt sure of that when he 'd only seen pictures from the old world , but the walls were smoother .
tr	I	I reached for her arm to stop her , but she started to lift her cover-up to put it back on .
tr	O	This made it much more exciting and everyone enjoyed it .
tr	I	Even if she were , she couldn 't have been much help against these odds , and Skye was in no condition to fight .
tr	O	I hesitated , the blackness receding just a bit , but I held them strong there in front of me .
tr	O	She tilts up at me , and suddenly I want to give her every answer in the world .
tr	O	She watched him with narrow eyes , but she did relax a tiny bit .
tr	I	Daniel listened to her trying to muffle sobs in the darkness and the tears leaked from her eyes .
tr	O	Given their location in the mountains , the lack of signal was unsurprising , but Gansey stopped short .
tr	O	You 're one of us , and we take care of our kind .
tr	O	We 're in better shape than most , and it 's a rule of nature that predators prefer easy prey .
tr	O	His lips are spelling secrets and my ears are spilling ink , staining my skin with his stories .
tr	O	The reporter 's eyes sharpened , and he watched every move they made so closely that Maya felt as if she was under a microscope .
tr	O	After some time it occurred to her Gabriel had not used his Water Element and she knew he must have not been able to find its energy .
tr	I	Theo reached under the bed to retrieve the bottle , and Sophie lifted her legs up .
tr	I	For anything other than the most base instinct to kick in , nor there wasn 't time for instructions .
tr	O	He says he signed a written statement admitting to the murders , and supposedly there 's also a video .
tr	O	Abby could not understand the chatter , but it was obvious the gang on the porch was terribly excited about the bottle of Myers 's .
tr	I	A moment later Eben slammed into the field , dropping his sword , and the ground approached rapidly .
tr	O	Her stepmom had sunk onto the bed with the same glazed expression , and in the chair , Alex had fallen asleep .
tr	I	Sarah struggled to regain her balance , and the hand on her shoulder was instantly released .
tr	O	The silver key let her in , and she locked the door behind her .
tr	O	He smiled , and Louisa felt a responding glow of pleasure .
tr	I	The rose bedroom is the one on the left , and the blue bedroom is the door on the right end of the landing .
tr	I	He wasn 't ready for it yet and it felt like a turning point .
tr	I	It swung open with ease and Bastian pushed against the door .
tr	I	It was Conrad who got there first , but Darcy wanted to go after her .
tr	O	Dollop nodded , and vaguely snarled .
tr	I	Karl must be detained until further notice , and I will authorise a psychiatrist appointment immediately .
tr	I	The other leads you straight into the bedroom and one door leads you to the living room .
tr	I	I 'm loosing concentration fast and I haven 't slept in what feels like days .
tr	I	He knew that Caleb had seen it in his face , and that was the thought that sent him over the edge .
tr	I	As it whispered across his skin , it left a path of embers in its wake , and he could feel her breath upon his chin .
tr	I	I didn 't dare confront him after that , but Day after day Trenton ignored me .
tr	I	Antonietta thought herself safe with him , but they sensed the predator in him .
tr	I	It did but she didn 't know why it felt important .
tr	I	I was at a place where it didn 't matter , but I didn 't know what Ross 's response would be .
tr	I	Rain poured down , and the sky opened .
tr	O	She could not see the kitchen from where she was , but she wanted too .
tr	O	I 'm a lot more physically capable than most people , but that is too high of a jump even for me .
tr	I	I sense his shadow is heading for a dangerous place , but I think about following him , hiding within his shadow .
tr	I	Then he turned his attention to my ribs , and First , he cleaned the scratches on my face , put antibiotic ointment on them .
tr	O	My teeth sharpen , and my body shrinks .
tr	O	Roth fell quiet and I took over flipping through the pages .
tr	I	The crowd from the living room had disbursed , but the house was still noisy when he reentered .
tr	O	He laughed and he adjusted his body .
tr	O	Lisa wrote a column for a national magazine and Sherry worked in IT for the same magazine .
tr	I	The inn was a loss , but everyone escaped , fortunately .
tr	O	Becky appeared weary as we headed to our lockers , but I remained unperturbed .
tr	I	Now the military is taking care of my mind and work at the factory had mostly prepared my body .
tr	I	Her eyes went wide as I stared into them , searching , and I grabbed her , a hand on each side of her head .
tr	O	Only one end is blackened charcoal but that 's exactly what I want .
tr	I	I looked at him and my heart started beating hard against my ribs .
tr	O	That was all she needed to do ... whisper , and his wolf could hear her .
tr	O	He had a backpack , but that could mean anything .
tr	I	She pul ed it from her jeans and her phone buzzed again .
tr	I	I felt the spray in my face as it splashed in , and another rush of water poured between the rocks .
tr	O	His hips thrust forward and she was instantly filled .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure , but I saw his dilemma .
tr	I	I look around for some comfort and I say .
tr	I	We hadn 't even kissed , yet I 'd been sleeping with him for a while now .
tr	O	David 's breath was on the back of her neck as he murmured into her ear , and his arms encircled her from behind .
tr	I	The ground was still sodden , but it hadn 't rained in days .
tr	I	He could feel his forehead moistening and Denison was gasping a little .
tr	I	Another glance from Garn kept him quiet but Hal seemed about to speak again .
tr	O	Cas appears next to us and Dallas starts in our direction .
tr	I	The badge Agent Houston had just proudly flashed did him more harm than good when it came to her , but sure she trusted Burnett .
tr	I	So far , the process had been rewarding , but he was only about six months into it .
tr	I	He wouldn 't wake up , but I tried to ask him what was happening .
tr	I	I cannot bear it for him if anything bad was to happen to her and he loves her so much .
tr	I	She didn 't know where she was , and she couldn 't see anything , not even her hand in front of her face .
tr	I	That 's how it usually was with him , but I couldn 't recall seeing Ren most of the night .
tr	O	They were illegal , but that didn 't mean that the vicious fights didn 't happen .
tr	O	Most are servants of greater lords , yet these lords keep themselves hidden .
tr	I	Gaia grabbed his hand and he chuckled .
tr	O	Willie was standing to the side but he moved forward .
tr	I	We 're flying back , and I 've rented a car , which I 'm dropping off in Florida .
tr	O	Salt foam formed , then dissipated , but the flow remained constant .
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen , but I tried to reason with her .
tr	O	Part of me expected him to catch himself before he smacked into the floor , but he didn 't .
tr	O	She thrust her tongue against his , greedy for everything he had , and he held her tight as he gave it all back .
tr	O	Hoyt was at a loss to fill his free time , and Jason was always up to something .
tr	O	I 'm hoping that distraction will hold , but I guess my wishes carry no weight .
tr	I	Looking down the coastline at them , I could see they were agitated , but normally they would be out at sea , like the fishermen .
tr	O	Your blood runs weak with it , but still , it runs through you .
tr	I	It still smells of paint but the house is actually finished .
tr	I	He 's still our friend , right , but I know he 's made some stupid mistakes ?
tr	O	She should have been afraid , but she was only mildly curious .
tr	I	Others quite fiercely anti-establishment and some were just daft .
tr	I	He 'd insisted on it so she felt she had no choice , but she still wasn 't convinced it was the right thing to do .
tr	I	She forced them out , as much for her own benefit as for his own but her words could barely form the words .
tr	O	I was in love with that man , and I had been for a long time .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure if they were really considered zombies , but they were definitely something out of a horror movie .
tr	O	My hands slipped around her waist , and I picked her up .
tr	I	He spooned sugar into it himself , but nicodemus had the valet pour coffee for Deirdre .
tr	O	I nod in response and she 's quiet for a minute .
tr	O	Kyle had to assume Alex had long forgotten him , and he certainly didn 't want to tip his hand to her .
tr	O	I 'm surprised by his simple remark and I miss a beat before I respond .
tr	O	It 's complicated , but it will work .
tr	I	He found it hard to swallow and Daniel 's throat suddenly went dry .
tr	I	The image of her with Vane was way too much but Nick might have been to blame for most of this mess .
tr	O	His homosexuality never bothers me , but it is in my thoughts .
tr	I	I cannot take such a chance with you , but I cannot exactly describe what you would feel .
tr	O	She stared up at him and he smiled .
tr	O	They glanced back at me , but this time I wasn 't cowed by their eyes .
tr	O	Catfish met my eyes , and his were very uneasy .
tr	O	A low moan escaped my throat but no words formed .
tr	O	I try to drop the haunted ball of tinfoil , but it sticks to my skin as though it had somehow magically adhered .
tr	I	She 's just a friend ... still Frank 's wife , but we had dinner tonight .
tr	I	It felt as if my brain was sloshing around inside my skull and I shook my head vigorously .
tr	I	I stare at clouds as they skate across the blue sky as we slowly walk forward and my eyes open .
tr	O	Alice has short hair that 's cut sort of pixie style , and she 's one of those girls with naturally full lips .
tr	O	It was rude , but I wanted answers .
tr	I	He gave the signal to speed up , and I turned around to check on him .
tr	I	Some of those years were with his dysfunctional mother and all of his childhood had been spent in the City .
tr	I	There was nothing she could do to stop it and her world was being shaken upside down .
tr	O	There 's such a life ahead of us and I 'm impatient to meet it .
tr	I	He hunted her down , but she went to Kansas City , a place where she could start over .
tr	O	We got out to there and everyone starts dropping their clothes .
tr	I	She 'd ignore the sorry , or she would not feel sorry .
tr	I	They aren 't God 's -- but creatures , they are , each as different from the next as God 's creatures in a zoo !
tr	O	Philip tried to respond , but the grip she had on his throat made speech impossible .
tr	O	She smirked and her glistening white teeth gleamed in the moonlight .
tr	O	It was gearing down for the hill and in the sound he could feel the weight of the cargo that was coming to him .
tr	I	Jenny had gone to cheer her on , and Dee had taken a kung fu exam .
tr	O	He pressed his lips into a tight line , and my heart sank in my chest .
tr	I	He pushed himself back , but Shree went to move .
tr	I	The horse turned fully toward him in confusion and his movements were suddenly rigid .
tr	O	You 're the scheduled speaker this afternoon but you 'll just have to answer questions .
tr	I	She 'd turned , and she 'd tossed .
tr	O	She thought she had been prepared , but in truth , she was terrified .
tr	O	Now her professor was telling her the opposite , and Liz wasn 't even sure where to begin .
tr	O	Hay bales were scattered throughout the room , and a Bluegrass band was set up in the corner .
tr	O	Marie 's face tightened and she withdrew her hand .
tr	O	Beth forced a grin and they marched on .
tr	O	The priest 's orb grew in size , and his voice deepened with authority .
tr	O	He was less than a foot away from her and Laci had to lean her head back to look up at him .
tr	O	She would never forgive James if he started the fight , but he didn 't like the shifty eyes inspecting Joni .
tr	O	They kept the surprise from their faces , but he scented their tempers .
tr	I	The three of them pulled up to Caroline Bretton 's home together , and Faith had already picked up Kelly .
tr	I	There 's no way Riley 's swinging by to say hello after what I 've done to her , and we didn 't order any food .
tr	I	She always would be , and Ainsley was worth far more than a damned horse .
tr	I	One was strangled and one was shot .
tr	O	He tugged off the tape covering Karla 's mouth , and she gasped as the glue tore at her skin .
tr	O	Her parents wouldn 't allow her to get a job , and she had an allowance deposited into her bank account .
tr	O	Ben went through the window , and McBride followed straight after him .
tr	I	Emma was clearly delighted by the farm animals , and the three of them were over by the barn looking at the pigs .
tr	I	Instead he looked exalted , but she had expected him to be horrified .
tr	O	It spoke to a soft place in my heart and I smiled at him .
tr	O	Adam grabbed my waving hand , and we did the secret handshake .
tr	O	My own orgasm heightened , and I felt my muscles draw him in deeper .
tr	O	She isn 't as hard core in beliefs as you are and she called in heresy .
tr	I	I pull him against me , and my hand finds his hip .
tr	I	The man is a bore , but he might look like Declan .
tr	I	Today she had little control to spare , and Matthew 's return had already left her raw .
tr	O	He leaned across the table as Agent Cranford and I stood up .
tr	O	Sure , I would always have regrets , but regrets were nothing new to me .
tr	O	Maybe it 's something that you haven 't been tested for yet , and you 're having some kind of adverse reaction to it .
tr	I	He could think no more and he watched her until his body struck the top of the coffin , when his vision failed .
tr	I	The Source followed him , but he spun into the air .
tr	I	He could see her feeling for him , as well as for his brother , and she stared into his eyes .
tr	I	Already her knees complained , and she had been in the trench for barely an hour .
tr	I	He called my attention and I went for the door handle .
tr	O	He wanted to fetch a cold compress for her forehead , but he didn 't dare leave her .
tr	I	The threads of their civilization were manifested in Ancient Greece , and Middle Easterners developed their civilization several millennia before the Incas .
tr	O	The white light was painfully brilliant , and the dark tendrils lashed through it like whips , like supple reaching arms .
tr	I	The raspy echo sent shivers up my back , and the blade screeched off the armored hide .
tr	I	It could be years before she remembered , but she didn 't plan to give up on the old one .
tr	I	She 'd fall off and the horse could bolt .
tr	I	Nothing could subdue her anger , but she turned on the television .
tr	I	It may as well have a spotlight on it , but she tried to cover it with makeup .
tr	O	Dean released him and Ayden 's body dropped to the ground .
tr	O	Instead he once again shook his head , though one eyebrow did c * ck up and his smile dimmed a bit .
tr	O	I was tempted to trash both of them but I opened up the one from my uncle .
tr	O	Tom wore simple clothes like other guys , but somehow he wore them differently .
tr	O	I don 't need to see the name at the bottom to know what it will say , but I look anyway .
tr	O	He tried to pull his hand free , but she held tightly .
tr	I	She was going to pick some things and she said there were winter vegetables outside in the garden .
tr	O	His hands were locked around Olivia , and he was holding her as tightly as he could .
tr	I	I will help you find the answers you seek , and do what you need to do , Samantha Moon .
tr	O	She tried to protest but he wasn 't listening .
tr	I	He simply unhooked the rusted latch and there was no lock on it .
tr	I	It didn 't bother me when I was younger , but I 've always been a loner .
tr	O	Something told Maya that now wasn 't the time to ask questions , but as the minutes turned to hours Maya was reaching her physical limit .
tr	O	Even with the windows closed , she could smell the sea , and an uncharacteristic frisson of excitement darted through her .
tr	O	She trashes his restaurant , and he sends her flowers .
tr	I	No sound came out , but as I watched her lean into him again , my throat constricted from the urge to scream .
tr	I	She must do surely but I wasn 't sure this was true !
tr	O	They were doing some big show of the crown jewels and we set up the security for the event .
tr	I	He had pulled away from me twice but so bad I wanted to touch him .
tr	I	She intended to deal with this latest interruption immediately , and his nursing appeared to be at an end .
tr	I	Yet it was another man who took her wrist , and it felt as if she were giving herself to him , giving him everything she was .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember anyone by that name , but Daphne could have worked at the museum before she left .
tr	I	It made her sad for the loss of her people , and she had never imagined a relationship could be so good .
tr	I	They slipped out into the night and he took her by the hand .
tr	I	They are there , yet those qualities may not readily be forthcoming .
tr	I	The three boys listened to the town local and the feeling of being on the verge of an argument disappeared .
tr	I	I counted on that paranoia to keep me breathing , and I wasn 't sure whom I could trust here .
tr	O	I mean he 's right it is more than a flower to me , but I couldn 't possibly explain why , she thought to herself .
tr	I	He was trembling , but indeed , Panos had his hands clasped , eyes down .
tr	O	The form of the monster on whom I had bestowed existence was forever before my eyes , and I raved incessantly concerning her .
tr	O	There were two of them and they seemed to be having a contest of which one could make it to the next flower the fastest .
tr	I	With every passing minute , the frown on his face deepened and he began hitting buttons .
tr	O	He opens the front door and we step into the house .
tr	O	Both his hands reached for one of mine and he held my hand loosely in his own .
tr	O	David took one of the chairs near the desk , and I sat next to him .
tr	O	He acted goofy , but I never underestimated his ability to read people .
tr	O	She 'll come home to take care of it and Duffy will be waiting for her .
tr	I	All she got was an answering machine , but Arden had tried calling the number in Hollywood that Sheriff Ashton had provided her .
tr	O	I 'm kind of starved , and I can 't stop eating candy .
tr	I	You didn 't even pause , and there were people , Avery .
tr	O	The gate in question lit up on his map , and a path of travel was illuminated from his current location .
tr	I	I began people watching again and I soon gave up on looking for him .
tr	I	She wouldn 't leave , but we gave her directions to the farm .
tr	I	He 's going to take it out on Ella and I feel my inside wind into knots , worried that it 's going to upset him .
tr	O	A great shout caught her attention and she turned back to the window .
tr	I	Then I lost those books for almost 30 years , and I wrote three books about it that no one ever saw .
tr	O	She heard the guard lock it , and she turned around .
tr	I	Julie was too dazed to take notice , but normally his words would have hurt her .
tr	I	I chose to ignore it , and I knew he was teasing .
tr	I	I can 't tell who 's mad at who , but it 's like a big argument .
tr	I	Senseless ... and sick .
tr	O	Much nodded , and I were surprised that even John nodded without hesitation .
tr	I	It was ready to go again and Luckily Bryce had fixed my gun .
tr	O	Leaves me begging for release , for a future without the distance , without the ache , but maybe I don 't mind the ache .
tr	I	It was still spectacular , but it might not be peak color yet .
tr	I	One of the men responds and Friday calls over her shoulder .
tr	O	Duane had not only been his mentor , but Colin also considered them to be friends .
tr	I	His eyes fluttered open and David groaned in pain .
tr	I	I paused when he said my number , but I stood up , ready to escape .
tr	O	He worked policing the cities ' boundaries for errant wolves , and he was damn good at it .
tr	I	This went beyond that , but she 'd expected a reaction because of her involvement with Kennedy .
tr	O	He knew what she saw and he knew it was bleak .
tr	O	Her face warmed , and she wished he would look her way .
tr	O	When they were inside , Jase put him down and he stumbled into the kitchen to check the dog .
tr	I	He sent Reece in for testing , and she mentioned this to their family practitioner .
tr	O	None of this was in the brochure , and I felt somewhat slighted .
tr	O	I leaned back in my chair , shocked that he lied to me but able to cover it up before Mark noticed .
tr	O	The veil reached till her waist and there were little , white pearls on the top of this .
tr	O	She was innocent in this situation and it appeared her innocence remained intact .
tr	I	Despite everything I was happy to be part of this , and this was not at all where I thought I would ever find myself .
tr	O	All her guests were comfortable with each other and they enjoyed being together .
tr	O	The woman laughed , and now she was very , very pretty .
tr	O	Sam tried to relax but his nerves were shot .
tr	O	So far they had found very little to appease their fiendish appetites , but they also had not yet come across anything that stood against them .
tr	I	They were dark as midnight and her eyes moved to his .
tr	I	Jason was still sweating , but the wind was cold .
tr	I	She plucked at the charm that hung around Madrigal 's neck , and a frown creased her scaled brow .
tr	I	Asher nudged me with his shoulder , and she turned back to the computer .
tr	I	So far , everything was as I had remembered before and I was back where I had started at the church .
tr	I	The room was empty and the door was open .
tr	O	The spot on my mom 's temple was the size of a pea when she found it , and six months later she was dead .
tr	O	Many questions were asked but Heather had few answers .
tr	O	He had been informed about the VIP 's arrival but he really didn 't pay much attention to it .
tr	I	I 'm going to start crying for the first time in my life and my emotions are going to rush back to me .
tr	O	The back of Nicolas 's mind itched as if he was forgetting something , but he was too content to give it any thought .
tr	O	Moira stared at me , still frightened , but I had soothed her enough to get her to release her acid magic .
tr	I	Only Sean slipped out , moving through the throngs to stand at Marcus 's side , but at long last the door opened .
tr	I	You 'll not regret it I guarantee but you 've sure come a long way for your caffeine fix .
tr	O	He figured the dogs would fight over the meat and it would look like they killed him .
tr	I	I need it , but don 't get it , don 't really want to .
tr	I	He knew it and Richard was caught .
tr	O	Neil felt sick watching it happen , but he couldn 't look away .
tr	I	His death would be a kindness to his horse , and he would be an easy mark .
tr	I	She started to believe that they had made it , and around the next bend in the trail she could see canvas through the trees .
tr	I	Helen drove them to Sammy 's and the two laughed .
tr	O	Pop says , and I can hear laughter in his voice .
tr	O	We all got to say goodbye to her but I was the last to talk to her .
tr	I	You allowed Annabelle to suffer for your crime , yet your actions killed your parents , not hers .
tr	O	Languages were one of my specialties , and I 'd mastered this one years ago .
tr	O	I thought I could run fast , but they 're a million times better .
tr	I	The huge gash Sky had cut into it and his hood fell back , revealing his face .
tr	I	Mostly I was happy for him , but it made me a little sad .
tr	I	I felt like one , and I stood up like an old woman .
tr	I	I saw that she was smiling , and I looked up into her face .
tr	O	She stretched herself as far as she could , but it was not enough .
tr	I	He never responds , but I bang on the door a few times , telling him to explain what he meant .
tr	I	Her gaze and he caught her shoulders .
tr	O	That was a possibility , but he couldn 't imagine that a vampire could feel sorrow .
tr	I	Once more I got nothing in return , and once more I appealed to Felix .
tr	I	Her words dripped disgust , but her lips curved in a faint smile .
tr	O	Three days after he left , the mercury dropped below freezing and I was happy to have Nicky cuddling next to me on the bed every night .
tr	I	I stopped her , but she started to slam the door with her free hand .
tr	O	The walls around us shook , and Ava flung herself at me , covering my body with hers as the ceiling came crashing down around us .
tr	I	She saw nothing in his eyes except concern , and he studied her .
tr	I	I was going to have to tell him where to go , and I expected a lecture .
tr	O	Julie just cried , and Ethan managed to lift her from the pillow .
tr	O	Whistling a tune and wearing a smirk .
tr	O	Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash .
tr	O	Not a single soul was in sight and the street felt like a ghost town .
tr	O	I think they expected me to lead the way , but they were crazy if they thought I intended to let them get behind me .
tr	I	We decimated your men , and you attacked our army in open combat .
tr	O	His palm slapped the edge of the rubber lifeboat and he grabbed hold with his other hand as well .
tr	I	Gareth had been popular , but Dean 's death had been bad enough , then Gerald 's .
tr	I	I returned his gaze and he looked at me .
tr	I	His pain slowed him down , but Nick tried to lunge at him once more .
tr	I	Afterward they 'd all gone to a movie and he 'd dropped by the bookstore on Saturday .
tr	I	He knew they were out there , but he saw no signs of demons .
tr	I	His entire body jerked as he threw back his head to yell out , and she palmed his erection through his pants .
tr	O	The vampires were on strike and nobody would put their masks back on .
tr	I	The big deal is the world , but some talk about staying alive , gangs , shit like that .
tr	I	His bandmates and * * * Danny stood by his mic in that night 's rehearsal with his guitar singing as passionately as him .
tr	O	My nose dripped , and I couldn 't wipe it .
tr	O	I didn 't say anything , but I smiled weakly .
tr	O	Even if it meant he would never remember me and we would never speak again .
tr	I	Then they 'd learned that he 'd carried false identification , but Bad enough that the man had died in their home .
tr	I	James didn 't wake up but she sat for thirty minutes .
tr	O	His words sound sincere , but they are lined with distaste .
tr	O	He wants to get married , but I told him I had to think about it .
tr	O	She let the question linger in the air as she took his arm once again and they began to walk back toward the palace .
tr	O	Walter 's voice rumbled behind Henry , but he didn 't turn toward him .
tr	O	It wasn 't a big theatre but it was big enough for me .
tr	O	He wore a cloak bearing the Montgomery colors , but a white banner of truce was attached to the horse 's mane .
tr	O	They shook hands again and their fingers crossed in a way so that they knew each other as initiates .
tr	O	It was a silly , two-year-old thing to do , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	O	I clearly remember knocking her down , but I didn 't really hurt her .
tr	O	If she had just left me alone I could 've kept it in , but the fire in my throat is ready to spew out .
tr	O	I start for the kitchen and she tensely follows after me .
tr	O	Kara wanted to remind him that they hadn 't had hot , sweaty sex in a long time , but she didn 't .
tr	O	This had startled the uniformed man , but he didn 't miss a beat .
tr	O	Noah always got off the bus at exactly a quarter past three every day , and he was expected to call me within five minutes without fail .
tr	I	For the most part , the knowledge hadn 't changed us any , and we had an unspoken contract not to discuss our relationship publicly .
tr	O	Honestly , I haven 't thought about it a whole lot , but that might be because I 've been so focused on Violet .
tr	O	Her jeans protected her skin , so his touch didn 't burn , but it made Chastity 's energy buzz .
tr	I	She had felt like she still had plenty of time to start her family , but sure she was looking forward to getting married .
tr	I	The aisle was too narrow but I tried to push past him .
tr	O	It wasn 't much of a life , but it was all she 'd known .
tr	O	I didn 't want to be rude , and the dance had been fun .
tr	I	I belted on my katana , and Jeff helped me out of the car .
tr	I	She tried to lasso me with it and she had a noose in her hand .
tr	O	Serge 's massage was interrupted by a call from Moscow , and he was in a foul mood .
tr	I	That was OK because I was going to solve this on my own , but I knew he wouldn 't tell me a thing .
tr	O	Her black hair was wound into a chic chignon , and she 'd deliberately kept the cosmetics to a minimum .
tr	I	She blushed , and his gaze raked over her once .
tr	I	She knew it , and he challenged her .
tr	I	Then it happened , and David turned to go once the train started to pull away .
tr	O	She sensed his presence but he was not in sight .
tr	O	He disappears behind heavy , metal doors and I pull away .
tr	I	Then vanished again and he hovered above the courtyard of the castle , allowing his passengers to dismount .
tr	O	South America has joined them and together they 've constructed additional bunkers throughout the South American continent on a joint venture basis .
tr	O	It might have started out as just sex , but it had rapidly turned into something else .
tr	I	For personal reasons he preferred they work elsewhere , but both had good work histories with his company .
tr	O	I shoved against his chest with all my strength , but he didn 't even seem to notice .
tr	I	It was a sad , humorless sound , but sitting in bed considering her situation , Nicole laughed .
tr	O	I might be dying again , but I couldn 't break the connection .
tr	O	He twisted at the waist to reach for the cooler lid and I tugged on his outstretched leg .
tr	O	My knees suddenly felt weak , and if I hadn 't been holding Seth 's hand , I would 've sunk to the floor .
tr	I	You will save it and lose your life .
tr	I	It all turned out okay and I believed in what you said .
tr	I	Sweeping her off her feet carried her up the path to a door he hadn 't recognised either and Johnny had leapt out .
tr	O	Rachel 's expression changed mildly from lecturer to co-conspirator but she maintained her formality in tone as she continued .
tr	O	Charlotte had given her the recipe and it had become a family favorite .
tr	I	It signals the approach of evil but the breeze feels good .
tr	O	One skimmed past , tugging at the cloth of his shirt , but the other hit him in the leg , breaking his stride .
tr	I	They were worried , since they hadn 't heard anything from him at all , and their son was late .
tr	O	There are no other relatives I care to contact and no friends here save only the two of you .
tr	I	He hates it and I 'm hostile .
tr	O	It was a bit of a struggle for Ernest with his weedy arms , but he did his best to hide it .
tr	O	The only sounds were the wind in the trees , and our feet scraping against the gravel alongside the road .
tr	I	The tragedy last night seems to have kept most inside this morning , but ordinarily there would be a few people wandering around .
tr	O	Things had gone terribly wrong for P.J. on a mission , and she 'd walked away in the emotional aftermath .
tr	I	She was only allowed to guide them so far , but she longed to show them the true path .
tr	O	Jack pushed his body firmly against my back and I felt his hardness up against my ass .
tr	O	They simply weren 't used to thinking for themselves , or maybe they were used to thinking only of themselves .
tr	I	Everyone else took that as a sign to walk away and he fell to the ground .
tr	O	He flicked his cigarette bud over the edge and the little flickering orange glow burned its way out of sight .
tr	O	There were two unfamiliar hands in my lap , and it startled me when they moved at my command .
tr	I	Boss sighed , and Ryan choked .
tr	O	I 've been more afraid in the last few weeks than my entire life on earth and it 's exhausting .
tr	I	Vince always reminded her how close to a heart attack she was every time she ate them , and they were high in fat .
tr	O	Barbi was barely speaking to me after our exchange the night before and Abby wouldn 't even look in my direction .
tr	O	Edward had started to rise , but Lisa kicked the chair out from under him .
tr	O	I just need time ... and I need you to stay .
tr	I	The old demon was too stubborn to listen , but he had tried to warn Riyad .
tr	I	Gandalf means me , and I am Gandalf !
tr	O	Marika started to explain , but Jake cut her off .
tr	O	He turned back toward Vin , angry , but his face was no longer that of a young man .
tr	O	He was moving on autopilot , but with each step he felt his anxiety growing .
tr	I	He would only get one chance to get past them , and he knew the police would barge in at any moment .
tr	O	I hear his voice , but it sounds far away .
tr	O	My skin tingles where his fingers touch me , and I feel the last of my resistance melting .
tr	O	Her heart kept telling her to not be scared but her mind told her the opposite .
tr	I	His tail swished from side to side and the mane of hair had been meticulously groomed .
tr	O	The mill was once again Colville 's main employer and as the mill went , so did the town .
tr	O	His smile was cautious , but it was full of real affection .
tr	O	He had very blue eyes , and he seemed much calmer than the trembling giant who was holding him .
tr	I	Her legs were still weak , but Iona knew she should fight .
tr	I	We headed to the front counter , and I held the shop door open for her .
tr	O	The homes lining the hilly street were grand , but the vista took his breath away .
tr	I	She was learning to choose her battles , but she would have tried to stop him .
tr	I	Birds flew and clouds formed .
tr	I	They didn 't attack her , but the wolves didn 't stop growling .
tr	I	The garage lock down , and I took the liberty of checking Babel Tower 's security cameras .
tr	I	He was asleep before he knew it and his body was still on ship time .
tr	O	I am , but I can 't help it .
tr	O	His cheeks turned pink but he laughed .
tr	O	Ooo , Jane stomped over here the next day , and she said , ' Now , Torrance Rideout , that was petty .
tr	O	Rachel sat on her cot and Daniel sat on his .
tr	O	Technology didn 't really interest Lolly , but she knew it had its uses .
tr	O	He started to get up , but she stopped him .
tr	I	I hadn 't listened and Blake had warned me .
tr	O	The flower was gone and the curls tossed loosely around her head .
tr	I	It touched the clouds of smoke with light that the smoke made bright red , and the winter sun was going down off to the west .
tr	O	We walked three days , and now we 're here .
tr	I	Her neck was too stiff to bend , but Louisa tried to nod back .
tr	O	While he was lost in his grief , we found out the FBI had an interest in me , and its investigation soon snowballed .
tr	O	It had no mounted gun , but it did have someone hanging from its side door with a machine gun .
tr	O	She has three little brothers , and her mom got laid off .
tr	I	He couldn 't read her feelings from her expression , but he shot a worried glance her way .
tr	O	he asked , and those blue eyes captured hers .
tr	I	She drew back , and he snorted .
tr	O	Finn talked a big , dirty game , but I hadn 't seen him with anyone .
tr	O	This startled the unit and it turned to face the emplacement .
tr	I	Even her own , to sway her , or she couldn 't allow Ty 's fear .
tr	O	Her long fingers stroked the back of my neck , and her perfume hung heavy in the air , like a vapor cloud .
tr	O	He knew the Governor was going to be calling him again and the damn press was going to be bugging him for updates .
tr	O	They 're typically friendly , but they 're pack animals .
tr	I	Charlotte did not choose you , but I know you expected to be the Gerard .
tr	I	Lenny felt feint and the stress was mounting .
tr	I	My shoulder was sore as hell from pitching and I 'd just got home from sophomore tryouts .
tr	I	Like the wind I rushed to the great hall , and pausing only to tell her not to go anywhere , my feet flew .
tr	I	His fingers felt like heaven against my skin and he put his arm around me .
tr	O	Then he turned a bit , and his eyes met Reece 's .
tr	I	The pain of that injury permeated every blood cell until it was what fueled my rage and Blood gushed from the wound in my side .
tr	O	I 'm taking both back with me , but the important part is the Lander .
tr	I	This guy was a clown 's clown , but the Heritage Party might have been a party of clowns .
tr	O	Yes , I missed having a family , but I had other things to occupy me .
tr	O	He was not worth our thoughts then and he is not worth my words now .
tr	O	A long , deep breath battled to still the wild hunger he had set off inside her , and she almost won .
tr	I	Held onto her , our fingers interlaced , desperate for answers , in whatever form they came , but I began to shiver .
tr	I	I couldn 't even begin to reciprocate , but the cast laughed good-naturedly .
tr	I	I suddenly feel trapped , and knowing that she may feel the same about me as I feel about her will complicate things .
tr	O	It means he can feel his Elements , but any time he tries to use them , the pattern he lays backfires on his own body .
tr	I	I didn 't bother trying , and I couldn 't stop them .
tr	O	On her dark skin it was harder to see the bruises , but they were there .
tr	I	Having the responsibility to protect your people , and I think it just comes with being the ruler .
tr	O	We reached the back of the house and he shoved me at the porch steps .
tr	I	I closed my eyes but I could hear their screams .
tr	O	She didn 't belong there and they both knew it .
tr	O	You are I and I am you .
tr	I	I hasten to their arms , and the forms of the beloved dead flit before me .
tr	I	He squeezed her fingers , and she patted his hand .
tr	I	Claire picked it up as she climbed to her feet , and the bat hit the ground with a clatter .
tr	I	He didn 't get distracted , and Gel played the songs she wanted , the way she wanted them played .
tr	O	I reached out , but the berries were out of reach .
tr	I	She had other problems to solve , but nothing was OK right now .
tr	I	They each ran to a different corner of the room , and three more shadowy creatures jumped through the wall after it .
tr	O	I felt the warmth of the sun seep through the room and I breathed in deeply .
tr	I	I can 't help myself , but I know I shouldn 't .
tr	I	She was alone , but Diane was smiling .
tr	I	I felt as if the only energy left inside of me was my tether , but I wished I could see his expression .
tr	O	I had it good here and you screwed it up .
tr	O	Tristan was Sun , and I was Moon .
tr	I	I don 't say anything , but I 've been to far too many hospitals these past few years .
tr	I	I can 't even seem to find one full piece , but I cringe as I try to put the pieces together .
tr	I	The time had come and I had to put on a show for her .
tr	O	Finn gently touched the rough , dark gray stonewall , and it unfolded a staircase for him .
tr	O	Margaret is currently employed part-time at a travel agency , but she 's never discussed her job with me .
tr	O	The windows across the street were mirrored , and she convinced herself that the ones she looked out from were as well .
tr	I	I was trying to keep an open mind , but I wasn 't sure how positive thinking correlated to my uterus .
tr	O	The revolver clattered to the stones and I kicked it under a table .
tr	O	He looked especially toothy today , and since there was blood between some of those teeth , the effect was not reassuring .
tr	I	He stroked my hair , and I clung to him , glad that he was here .
tr	O	I backed away from the fire , but it kept coming to me , trying to burn me alive .
tr	I	Air screamed , and she screamed .
tr	I	She was his future and they were the past .
tr	I	His hatred towards my father is far stronger or it 's either he lied about his feelings .
tr	I	She followed him at a trot and her hunger won over her frustration .
tr	O	All her joints felt loose and she suspected she 'd be a little sore in the morning .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but maybe it was childish .
tr	I	He captured her hands in his and she reached out into the darkness .
tr	O	I nod and he leaves .
tr	O	It 's been a tough day and I 'm exhausted .
tr	O	The attractive physicist fell instantly in love with Samuel 's brilliant mind and they married two days later .
tr	I	When clouds come into view , they 're carrying messages to me , and N : Sometimes I imagine you just over the horizon .
tr	O	You 're supposed to be showing me around , and the only thing on your mind is matchmaking !
tr	I	I nodded gratefully , but it unnerved me .
tr	I	No sound came out , but Seth 's mouth moved .
tr	I	My dreams had felt more real to me and that 's why life had been so hard .
tr	O	His entire practice was devoted to corporate law , but in this case he had made an exception .
tr	I	The body was undoubtedly that of a short black female , thick in the legs , plump through the torso , but the face was unrecognizable .
tr	I	She went in one of the cabins and Tori ran to the bathroom .
tr	I	Breaking into it was impossible without making a lot of noise , but the inn wasn 't impregnable with me away .
tr	I	It was all he could do to hop clear of the striking serpent , and the snake attacked .
tr	O	She knew your mother , and she really liked her .
tr	O	Shim looked startled , but then he smiled .
tr	O	Before Thomas was forced to come up with a lie , they arrived at their floor and the elevator doors opened .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what she decides , but when she looks away , she reaches for her purse on the table .
tr	O	he hisses , and I puts me hands down to me side .
tr	O	Hanna grabbed Aria 's hand , and Aria grabbed Emily 's .
tr	O	A group of birds took off from the woods , and they could hear their wings flapping .
tr	I	Form mattered far more than the utensils used , but Fingers were the convention .
tr	I	You aren 't ... or you either are .
tr	O	I 'd turned on the TV to a football game to have something to watch while I brushed , but I kept the sound way down .
tr	I	She knew he was trying his best to be gentle but he grasped her by the arms , the pressure painful .
tr	O	Hank complied , and as he came close up to her wagon , he could see that she was perhaps a few years older than him .
tr	I	Alfred returned to the plantation and when she died , she was set free .
tr	O	Fun moved to boredom and I wanted more fun .
tr	I	The frame rattled as the door slammed behind us , and Dee ushered me out of the room .
tr	I	I was starting to want it to never end and I was definitely living a fairytale .
tr	O	I may not remember things , but I 'm not an idiot .
tr	I	She couldn 't come to any conclusion , but Mia was thinking about what Jonas said .
tr	I	The profits had been small , but they had been easy prey .
tr	O	I attempt to wrench the handle down , but it won 't budge .
tr	I	He knew it was there , somewhere , but Jason couldn 't see the bulbous creature .
tr	O	This wasn 't the first time and it wouldn 't be the last .
tr	I	Water darkly pools the carpet , and the bottoms of his trousers are wet .
tr	O	His Collar sparked , but Graham totally ignored it to slam himself into Eric .
tr	O	She was right , and Spinner has had a vendetta against me ever since .
tr	O	Unfortunate accidents happen all the time at sea , and usually there 's no one around to help .
tr	O	Lightning flashed again and the lights flickered .
tr	O	I enjoy working and I want to make my own money .
tr	O	The token slid down , and the person on the other end heard her .
tr	I	I can see the worry masking his expression and Connor looks up at me .
tr	I	The laughter died on her lips , and her gut clenched at the word .
tr	O	The room was painted a light gray , and the shades looked like they hadn 't been cleaned in years .
tr	O	He was injured so badly , but he still reached out to her .
tr	O	He 'd seemed happy to see me at first , but now , he was reserved , uptight .
tr	O	The act would certainly end in his death , but his life was already forfeit .
tr	O	She shivered and her lips parted on a gasp .
tr	I	The top rooms seemed to have older students than in the lower ones and these rooms all appeared to be occupied with girls .
tr	I	I wasn 't sure I could trust him with much more of a response , but this was not the answer he was looking for .
tr	I	He was promptly shown the accreditation and the appearance of Timothy Westlake took several minutes .
tr	O	I sighed in pleasure , and my hands gripped his waist as he rocked into me gently .
tr	I	Something caught my attention , but I frowned at him .
tr	I	He didn 't , but Fraggle frowned , looking like he wanted to say more .
tr	I	Certainly not a female 's , and I didn 't see another print .
tr	O	He shoved her away , however , and she stumbled from the unexpected force .
tr	I	The water ever warm and it was rather very spacious .
tr	O	He would know Dominic was taking his blood , and yet , courageously , he had followed orders .
tr	O	He spun me around and I whimpered .
tr	I	I feel myself heat rise through my body and she winks at me .
tr	I	She scuttled off , bubbling excitement the entire way and rhys kissed her cheek .
tr	I	Eric came right behind them as they headed west through the desert , and the tiger was running , following Graham .
tr	O	I wanted to believe I saw a softness in his eyes , but I could have imagined it .
tr	O	Rick tried to catch her , but she was faster than him .
tr	I	I know what you 're thinking right now , and I know you .
tr	O	It 's true that her passing has been hard , but I wouldn 't stifle your curiosity .
tr	O	The Greater Council would meet , and he had a visit to the docks .
tr	O	I opened the door and he stepped outside .
tr	O	James 's expression is pained and he chews on his lip .
tr	I	Levi was seventeen and judas was sixteen .
tr	O	Time to change the subject because this one might irritate me and I wasn 't in the mood to be irritated .
tr	O	He was charming , cute , and Savannah still had a thing for him .
tr	I	Maybe England 's too and you are de Stafford 's heir .
tr	I	Here I stand -- without a farthing -- at the mercy of my children , and I knew you would like me to clear myself .
tr	O	Dr. Newsome didn 't really believe in angels , but the preacher had to .
tr	I	It still wouldn 't break but he tried kicking it again .
tr	I	I don 't remember the last time I ate and I feel a wall of dizziness slam into me .
tr	I	After several minutes , they continued speaking in lowered voices , and it got really quiet then .
tr	I	He glances in my direction and I let out a laugh .
tr	O	Suddenly Dormer stopped and Haven nearly pushed him over as her momentum carried her forward .
tr	O	Now there was only death , and the echoing screams of the innocent .
tr	I	Here I was ogling Kane 's cock and barely out of a relationship with Aaron .
tr	I	I could swear I saw his lips quiver and he gave me a quick glance .
tr	O	He relaxed slowly and I 'd not realized he was tense until then .
tr	O	I think he and his friends are trying to rob the store .
tr	I	She would choose life for both of them , but she would not forgive him .
tr	O	we 'll have to let the police and paramedics do their thing first .
tr	O	He had , and it was .
tr	I	She didn 't intend to let any negative energy ripple through the crowd and she knew how fast gossip spread .
tr	I	Nothing else was coming to mind and she was afraid to get near the horses .
tr	O	I thought I had left it up there , but he asked me to look for it .
tr	I	Alessa left , inwardly terrified , and she stood up .
tr	O	She brought us back to you and we carried you on a litter .
tr	I	She blinked a few times to clear away the haze , and her vision was blurry .
tr	O	Her eyes nearly popped out of their sockets and she looked at Caroline , bewildered .
tr	I	I scoff , and he nods .
tr	O	We frolicked more on the longer days , but other than that , we didn 't much notice .
tr	O	We end up behind them and Luke 's wheels are turning as he eyes the tallest one 's ass .
tr	O	My gut hurts from laughing so hard , and I 'm sure hers does , too .
tr	O	Her gaze went to Holiday 's neck and she remembered the spirit 's angry bruises .
tr	O	She had trusted him completely and she knew she loved him .
tr	I	The kitchen relaxes , and Andy flips on the radio to a station that plays classics from the fifties .
tr	I	She knew it was too late , but maybe Justin was trying to buy time .
tr	O	He was a bit of a dreamer and that inability to concentrate got him killed .
tr	O	My legs buckled and air was pushed from my chest as I fell to my side .
tr	O	Colin had been my best friend since grade school and yet I felt like I didn 't even know the man who sat across from me .
tr	I	He had accepted it without a thought of why , and everyone had written Cameron off as a useless drunk .
tr	I	We both tried to wipe away tears , and she pulled me into a tight hug .
tr	O	People often look great in person , but the camera doesn 't always flatter them in pictures .
tr	O	The capsule opened and he emerged onto Vanguard Bridge .
tr	I	Nikki knew there was a lot more than just promises being sold in the private rooms and Mack tried to keep the girls in line .
tr	O	I toss a fireball at Nine and he dives away .
tr	I	Things don 't seem the way they should and obviously you 've had a very big head injury .
tr	O	The phone had rung and he 'd answered it .
tr	I	Everyone reacted , and everyone saw it .
tr	I	That is what the prince is interested in , and I happen to know a little about magic .
tr	O	Now much of the speech of cats was known to Randy Carter , and in this far terrible place she uttered the cry that was suitable .
tr	I	My blood flow halts and Isaiah 's eyebrows draw together .
tr	I	She coughed , and Acid crept in her chest , to the back of the top of her throat .
tr	I	He knew the truth , but Sara tried to dismiss the importance of the situation .
tr	O	The room is big and a single grenade can 't cover it all .
tr	O	It was probably the most unpleasant thought he 'd had in years , if not ever , and he instinctively tightened his hold on her .
tr	I	Hands Ryan the ball and Ian turns back .
tr	I	I could barely even think straight and my temples were pounding .
tr	I	I guess I do , but I don 't mean to sound terse .
tr	I	I was diverted , but I would have said something in a low voice to Sylvia .
tr	I	Yet I dare not speak out against them , for fear of my life , and I am the Governor of this world .
tr	I	He screamed in pain as flames seized his bare feet , and his legs swung down into the burning lower level of his house .
tr	O	She readily complied and his hands splayed across her bottom , supporting her weight .
tr	I	My mind shoots into overdrive and I can feel the heat .
tr	O	They walked back to the house , but Abel would not go in .
tr	I	Rusty is nowhere to be found , but I look around as we walk .
tr	O	I could paint the smallest details of a tree on a canvas , but I couldn 't master my toes - as pathetic as that was .
tr	O	Sir Max was a buffoon , but everyone knew it .
tr	I	His honest nature wouldn 't allow him to lie , but he hesitated as if he knew this was a trap .
tr	O	His profile was as strong in sleep as awake , but there was something more vulnerable about him .
tr	O	Max had no idea how it could be morning already , but the clock radio in his room confirmed that it was .
tr	O	It didn 't give her much time , but she 'd take what she could get .
tr	I	He makes me happy , and he stays .
tr	O	She swallowed nervously and her palms grew damp .
tr	O	His Eye is all round , but it attends more to some places than to others .
tr	I	The man shrugged him off , but Nick grabbed Owen 's shoulder .
tr	I	Chloe refused to accept his offer but Sam offered to finance her venture .
tr	I	It was also kind of scary , and it was very frustrating .
tr	I	He quickly replaced it with an easy smile , but confusion crossed his handsome face for a second .
tr	O	He shook his head and we squared off again .
tr	I	I can 't answer her , but I 'm gasping for air .
tr	I	The work was useless , but I used the hammer to beat them back down .
tr	I	They were gathering in precisely the same places we liked to , and there were just too many of the little creatures .
tr	O	It 's very scary and it 's has been this way for a few months now .
tr	O	His lips grazed hers , and she smiled against them .
tr	O	Paul 's mouth stayed shut , clamped shut , but I could feel the fuming he kept bottled inside like it was about to burst .
tr	O	There was nobody stopping for the man and I heard a few loud cries for help coming from that direction .
tr	O	He hadn 't prayed since he was a kid , but he did so now , knowing he was lucky .
tr	O	It is going to be a struggle but we will all get used to it .
tr	O	A loud volley of cover fire began and David urged Noelle forward with his body .
tr	I	Nowhere was perfect , but it was easy to think of Haverford as a picture postcard town .
tr	I	I don 't know if I believe anymore and it didn 't .
tr	I	He had his right hand resting high on the top of Hailey 's left thigh and Hailey had her arms wrapped around Tyler 's neck .
tr	O	My stomach sank in warning , and I feared the worst .
tr	I	After studying them the way he 'd study any adversary , he wisely swallowed his rising temper , and they turned on him .
tr	I	Stupid is not one of them , but Lilly 's a lot of things .
tr	I	He was finding it harder to carry Katie and his vision was going gray around the edges .
tr	O	I raised an eyebrow at her and she laughed .
tr	O	More than one wave washed over her head and she was never quite sure how they managed to reach the boat .
tr	O	She felt a brief moment of pain and she heard a vicious snarl at the same time she could have sworn she heard the tearing of flesh .
tr	I	I 'm the boss until he gets back and this place belongs to Matt !
tr	I	The fabric grazes my cheek , and when I 'm about within arm 's reach , the Reaper suddenly turns , whipping its cape around .
tr	I	I 'm sure he was saying something about millions , and he was going on about this stash .
tr	I	I didn 't actually answer her question , but I shook my head .
tr	O	That news got me through the day until evening came around , and an unknown car pulled up outside our safe house .
tr	I	He did want understanding , but Neil didn 't want pity .
tr	I	She found herself staring up into the face of the man she had been following and she was about to turn away when the door opened .
tr	I	I did notice something strange , but the room was still empty .
tr	I	They are communing with the Fates and I 've called in the Oracles .
tr	I	It was hard , but I was doing my best to play nonchalant .
tr	I	She wore tight black pants with a similarly plain black shirt , and her Cupid 's bow lips were covered in deep red lipstick .
tr	O	He turned to look at me and I saw sparks in his eyes .
tr	O	We 're in such different places , and we both know it .
tr	I	My heart ached at the sadness dulling his eyes , and he glanced at me .
tr	I	I gasp and he turns to me .
tr	O	The double doors of the throne room opened and both men stood with helmets tucked under arm .
tr	O	He wasn 't right for them , and they weren 't right for him .
tr	I	Biology 212 was kicking my ass , but last semester 's Biology class had been a breeze .
tr	I	Signals are scrambled somehow after sundown , but they 've caught movement at night .
tr	O	Chris had been Jeremy 's best friend , but the two couldn 't have been more dissimilar .
tr	I	A flicker of nervousness shimmered behind her eyes before she pursed her lips , and she blinked .
tr	I	They both laughed , and she let go .
tr	I	It came out simple , but it would have been easy to have made it selfish , the way I wanted it to be .
tr	O	The monk never looked back , and a moment later , he was gone .
tr	O	I hugged him again , and he sank against me like he was exhausted .
tr	O	Flashing their tin around among the pack wolves and creating animosities .
tr	O	I give the bike a little gas and she grabs me around the waist again .
tr	I	She could only marvel at this momentarily , but not a single thing had changed in his bedroom .
tr	I	You have a right to be , and you 're mad at him .
tr	I	It never got off the ground , but he planned to host the Blue Diamond Gala , as I think they call it .
tr	O	He went with the Hunter into battle , and only luck let him endure the massacre .
tr	I	Dorian was leaning over the railing -- looking as though she 'd never seen a game before , but Alisha was working on her computer thingy .
tr	I	In the background was the lodge that we 'd stayed at , and her smile was so full .
tr	I	They shouted at each other about who was right , and neither had done this before .
tr	O	One look at my face and Brandi sucks in a breath .
tr	O	My hips wanted to flex against him , but I was suddenly afraid of it hurting .
tr	O	They are out there and they will be stopped .
tr	O	Max brought his sword down and the screaming stopped .
tr	I	It 's darker , blends in better with the black Dauntless clothes , but the gray T-shirt I am wearing beneath it is still oversized .
tr	I	She in turn told Flint of his thanks , and he complemented the barmaid .
tr	I	Vanilla ice cream flows onto my tongue , and it cracks .
tr	O	Keeping his mind off of Tara and his brother was a difficult task .
tr	I	No one liked me , and it was the first day of school .
tr	O	Emma assumed he was going to ask the guy in the van to give her a ride , but that turned out not to be the case .
tr	I	He lunged , kicking the gun from her grasp and she dodged .
tr	O	Jolene had holidays to look forward to going home to , and I dreaded the drive .
tr	I	His dark , swollen eyes widened when he saw the snow , and Orson was conscious .
tr	I	It touched many hearts in the audience , and still , they could see that Lea kept going , her will to fight hadn 't been broken .
tr	I	For a breath he looked so much older than his twenty-one years , and Rob 's mouth got a little thinner .
tr	I	He leads us to the back end of the warehouse where the sounds of battering are still going on and Kevin is back with us .
tr	O	The brute pulled the blade free of himself , and the wound left behind continued to gush blood .
tr	I	I had obligations with the election , but he wanted to immediately come here .
tr	O	We don 't attack until we have an opportunity to win this or she forces us to act .
tr	I	He had to admit to himself that she had a point and it was a spirited side of Paula he hadn 't seen .
tr	I	Both agreed that the new colour looked great and they looked at their handiwork .
tr	I	Einstein kept playing off beat , but he used to play with Rubin stein .
tr	O	The impact seemed to have knocked him back to his senses and he spun around in fear to face the man .
tr	I	Ivan was kept in trim by the two shuttles on her sides and the first cube was floating with a long cord attached to Ivan .
tr	I	He greets me and like today , when the guards usher him in .
tr	O	Maybe she didn 't know he was married , or maybe she did .
tr	O	Neil was too tense from the morning to follow that advice , but he made a beeline for his bed anyway .
tr	O	The three of us ate in silence , except for the rattle of our dishes and polite mutters to ask someone to please pass the bacon .
tr	I	The town is at least a mile wide , and the narrow streets have been paved over with large flagstones .
tr	O	No amount of paint will make it seem flesh , but she has prepared a solution for that .
tr	I	An equal part was horror , but part of it was fear .
tr	I	Once again she thought , Dakota , and once again the boy 's face appeared before her .
tr	O	When I looked up , she was biting her lower lip , and her eyes were focused far away , somewhere outside the ship .
tr	O	I wasn 't thrilled I had to defend myself against others ' assumptions , but such was life as the daughter of a real estate mogul .
tr	O	A few minutes later my door opened and Benny stepped in , dressed in full Junior Enforcer garments .
tr	O	It would be faster to move through the dancing couples , but that would only cause a stir .
tr	I	I will explain all , and I won 't run away .
tr	I	She heard it fall to the floor , and he pushed her jacket from her shoulders .
tr	I	Neither of us had much of an appetite , and we began to take vitamins .
tr	I	I could tell how much she wanted me from her increased breathing and her face was so serious .
tr	O	A couple of the players raised their hands in celebration and I heard a few rumbles of excitement .
tr	I	McKay 's an entirely different proposition , but I could see him shooting Barrett .
tr	O	There was no way around the Fiat , and its driver wasn 't ready to drive .
tr	I	Of course her wrists were tied with thick leather straps to two metal poles , but she tried to move her hands .
tr	I	He landed on his back , all eight legs wriggling in the air , and she smacked him out of the air with the book .
tr	O	Rena had gone to her parents ' house for dinner that weekend , and although Kane had been there , he hadn 't mentioned Nick again .
tr	I	Maybe it was the will of the Gods or maybe it was just the way things were .
tr	O	I nodded my head at the lamp above Callum 's head and he turned it on .
tr	O	The sight of their faces twisted my stomach , and I forced myself to look away .
tr	I	There are hundreds of rooms that are just left standing , and we as a family use so little of it .
tr	I	She 'd been ostracized for it and maybe she 'd been associated with me already .
tr	I	Alarms sounded and lights flashed .
tr	I	Even I couldn 't , and Dance saved me in ways my parents , doctors .
tr	I	A neighborhood canvass to see if anyone saw anything , and we 've completed the Buckley house search .
tr	O	I feel my face clenching up in fury , and my body trembles as I send a quake through the ground .
tr	O	Voices grew louder , a and I pushed up from the wall .
tr	O	I looked at the people surrounding me and no one was meeting my gaze .
tr	I	Blood dripped down his body in several places , and his face was flushed .
tr	I	He entered hesitantly , and the door slid open .
tr	O	I asked around , and your name surfaced .
tr	O	Dawson rarely spoke about his time with Daedalus , and when he did , he usually told Kat .
tr	O	It was almost dark now , and no one was watching me .
tr	I	The peak proper and there was no seam between it .
tr	I	That seemed as good a place as any , and according to the road signs they were thirty miles outside Roanoke .
tr	I	They 'd been friends for a long time , and she saw the affection Laura had for Peter .
tr	O	McGregor did not answer the bell , and the second half quickly became the Fabrizio show .
tr	I	His strength was on full power , and his gunshot wound was mending rapidly now .
tr	O	He couldn 't find them earlier , but that 's not saying anything .
tr	O	I see things happening , but the pieces of this puzzle don 't seem to fit .
tr	I	Maybe that transcended to her personal appearance , as well , and the ocean had always been the place she was her happiest .
tr	I	It 's happening again , and Money went missing when Gio first took over the company .
tr	I	He 'd long since given over to his demon , but darkness would have enveloped him completely .
tr	O	His face felt warm and he had trouble speaking .
tr	O	I 'd been snagged by River nymphs before , and I wasn 't much interested in another round .
tr	O	He leapt on the demon who 'd attacked me , and I once more attempted my binding .
tr	I	He pulled me closer , and the next song began .
tr	O	It 's been so long , and I 'm so very tired .
tr	I	She sagged against her bonds , and Thane removed the blade .
tr	O	It was a tense stand-off between her and me to see who would crack first .
tr	I	It didn 't so much as blink , let alone open , but she swiped the dead merc 's keycard through the lock .
tr	I	None of it showed in his features , but there was anger .
tr	I	The guard relented , but another moment passed .
tr	I	I caressed her face and her stare was obstinate .
tr	O	Defying my father breaks the laws of men , but I could not obey a man who violated the greater Law of the Master .
tr	I	We stare at each other for a while and his eyes focus on mine .
tr	O	His eyes rolled like shiny marbles in their sockets , and his eyebrows drew together in an angry scowl .
tr	I	He excelled in the kitchen but Maverick possessed many talents .
tr	O	One day he might realize that , and it would be too late ... for all of us .
tr	I	Some part of her actually hoped it would and she couldn 't promise that wouldn 't happen .
tr	O	I keep trying to speak but the words are sticking to my tongue .
tr	O	Light bothers my eyes if I 'm just waking up and I 've always assumed there must be some cat genes in my make-up .
tr	I	I can 't grasp onto anything coherent , but I open my mouth to change topics .
tr	O	She could do both within seconds , and both sides of him were incredibly appealing .
tr	O	The Jeep came to a stop in front of the house , and Charles ' huge body appeared from inside .
tr	I	It might take me a while to finish it , but when I 'm done , each piece will hold something about my life .
tr	O	The release seemed to allow blood to rush into his cock , and an unexpected wave of ecstasy plowed through his body .
tr	I	I used the ingredients I knew Harry liked best , but so I baked fruitcake .
tr	O	The well-dressed man seemed almost annoyed by the request , but exhaling a deep huff of breath , he laid out his past .
tr	I	Younger prisoners often have the most difficulties , and he was very young , of course .
tr	O	I was slightly stunned by what I was seeing , but then remembered there was a third thing somewhere .
tr	I	He shook his head , but she started to speak .
tr	O	The last few had been enough to penetrate his fog , but he could not believe that he had heard them correctly .
tr	O	Julie looks at me like she 's waiting for more , and I wonder if I 've expressed anything at all with my halting , mumbled soliloquy .
tr	I	Her eyes itched and her feet throbbed .
tr	O	After a few more jabs , Lea started to throw a right straight , but Luisa was already ducking .
tr	O	You came here for Robin , but you shall not have him .
tr	O	You 're still the key to the throne , and you 're not going to be leaving the safe haven everyone worked so hard to create .
tr	O	His body continued to spasm and he fell to the floor .
tr	I	He felt such a powerful well of emotion flowing toward her that nothing else would do , but the words sounded stupid to his ears .
tr	I	More importantly , you saved the lives of your friends , and your heroism saved the Legion from getting some important information .
tr	O	You agree to be mine , and you wear my ring , then no one else .
tr	O	Waiting for answers was terrible , but Jude had to bear it .
tr	I	Hopelessness chokes me until I pass out and dark thoughts start rolling through my mind .
tr	O	I couldn 't hear him , but the sun reflected off his skin in glittering rainbows that danced ahead of me .
tr	O	Cowboy was last in line , and when Pearl smiled at him , I thought he was going to spit on her .
tr	O	That pissed me off , and I ran my nails down his back , hard .
tr	O	The DOD didn 't know it could be left on humans , and no one , not even Andrew , would relay that kind of information .
tr	I	Yet he 'd barely broken a sweat , and she 'd seen how many times he 'd gone through all those moves himself .
tr	I	He smiles down at me , and I look up at Sean .
tr	O	Ric didn 't have a good track record with her , and Katie would probably figure Ric was being a jealous bitch .
tr	O	He was an unapproachable man , and most men were easily intimidated .
tr	O	I don 't know what I 'm going to do , but somehow , I 'll get through tonight .
tr	I	His political downfall shot him to power within the Faith , but he was a relatively high member while a minister .
tr	I	I didn 't want to ruin the rapport we had going and it was pretty much all because I wanted to see Lucky .
tr	I	The air is exceptionally smoky , but the land is a light grey .
tr	I	She heard a reply , and the humming noise stopped .
tr	I	Since I 'm prone to being nervous I don 't usually wear nail polish to begin with , and it 's a nervous habit .
tr	I	You know it , and not in all our lives .
tr	O	She didn 't know how he did it , but she didn 't have the breath to ask .
tr	O	It was something important for him and he didn 't do such things for the first time .
tr	I	A ball of flame appeared , and Sydney held out her palm .
tr	O	I was there when Dustin was growing up , but I wasn 't there for him .
tr	I	It must have been more than a minute , but Emma didn 't know how long she stood in the doorway , still holding the remote .
tr	O	Business was booming , and I was actually busier than before .
tr	I	It sounds good , but I 'm not exactly sure if that 's right at this point .
tr	I	He froze as he stared at me , and Jason put both hands in his hair .
tr	I	My lips split in a hesitant smile , and the relief was still in his eyes .
tr	I	The teasing in my voice faltered , but I tried to make light of my words .
tr	I	His gestures became more emphatic , and Toth shook his head again .
tr	I	They both squinted to see past it and suddenly their faces were awash with light .
tr	O	His little brother might be wise in the ways of the wild , but the city at night was unknown to him .
tr	O	He walked over to a nearby building and we followed him inside .
tr	O	It shined about as bright as the moon did on Earth , but of course it appeared about ten times larger than the moon did .
tr	I	Beast stops me , but I start to tell the groom to saddle fresh horses .
tr	I	I knew it , and I looked angry .
tr	O	I wanted to know what the hell was going on , but I forced myself to keep my mouth shut .
tr	I	It was still tacky , and the light switch had been smeared with blood .
tr	O	Girls look innocent , but they are cruel .
tr	I	I fire twice , sending the two closest pursuers down and I am shocked at the amount of walkers actually here .
tr	I	I 'm flying away and I 'm the bird .
tr	I	I was about up to my ears , but I can take a lot of paternalism .
tr	O	Sharon would order her execution soon or she 'd escape .
tr	I	She felt a tiny thrill along her nerve endings and Jonas 's leg idly brushed against Verity 's in the water .
tr	I	A man plummeted from above to land on the deck ten feet away , and there was another scream , this time up in the rigging .
tr	O	I say what 's on my mind at the expense of grown-ups , but I respect the little people .
tr	I	Heavy rain beat on the cabin roof , but they may be in relative calm in the bay .
tr	I	She would still be no match against the power of the Destroyer , but she had grown powerful since the battle of Shattered Rock .
tr	O	I hear him , but I don 't respond .
tr	O	It wasn 't the greatest of jobs ... but it kept me busy .
tr	I	The people practiced weekly what to do if there was an attack , and even the houses were designed for combat .
tr	I	He didn 't try to hide where his attention was , and as our eyes met , he didn 't look away .
tr	I	Booker two evenings to put it all back and it had taken her .
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she shot me one brief , worried glance .
tr	I	The jeep swung around , and Diego hit the brakes .
tr	O	I closed my eyes for a second , and then the world went black .
tr	O	I may not have had any power in rank , but I was still the most powerful of them all .
tr	O	I look up at Asher and he kisses my nose again .
tr	O	She 'd contemplated not showing up but that seemed the cowardly way out .
tr	O	That would have been cowardly , and this man had seen her weak one too many times .
tr	I	Jonesy , as you call him , was the best pilot I ever flew with , and that Suzi must be a whiz kid .
tr	O	A heaviness bore down on her and she scrambled to grab the desk before she collapsed .
tr	I	It showed on her expression and she had hated the touching .
tr	O	The light flashed green and Grady started pedaling again .
tr	I	She doesn 't work here and they 're looking for Tabitha .
tr	I	Maurice was not , and other people were rushing about , in a silent , ghostly way .
tr	I	This one was complete with rolling credits , but just thinking the word triggered another flashback .
tr	I	He couldn 't put his finger on what and something was off-kilter .
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but I 'd seen it on Longshot 's maps .
tr	I	I mouthed off and I was upset .
tr	I	Thomas answered anyway , but Max seemed to address the question to the heavens more than Thomas .
tr	I	He should have discussed it with her , allowed her to come to terms with it , but Marcus may have done what he thought was best .
tr	I	She 'd chosen the shirt carefully all the same , but it was just a sports event with her assistant .
tr	I	Landing on the deck had jarred his bones again , but he gasped for air as the numbness in his arm slightly subsided .
tr	O	I know more than many but there are some things even I was not told .
tr	I	She nodded , and he asked .
tr	I	Nothing changed in Vlad 's expression except a bright red handprint that quickly faded , but maximus looked like he was going to have a stroke .
tr	I	Fitting stuff together like puzzle pieces , and Ivan 's brain was twisting around .
tr	I	He went at Ray with renewed force , and a dark emotion he didn 't take the time to identify surged within him .
tr	O	I seriously considered the talking in my sleep option for five full minutes but I knew that the woman would just keep calling until I got here .
tr	O	He 'd thrown our love away , and I was destroyed over it .
tr	I	It didn 't take long before the whimpers turned into screams , tears running down her cheeks and she started whimpering .
tr	I	There was something else in them , something more , but he turned slowly toward her , his eyes haunted .
tr	O	Hurting you wasn 't the plan but it must happen by my hand .
tr	O	She briefly considered ripping the dress free anyway , but the Thugs were upon her too quickly .
tr	I	That is the end of our conversation and she never explains further .
tr	I	She had to maintain a distance and the man was dangerous ground .
tr	I	It seemed like a fit and she tried the name out .
tr	O	It was a sleeveless , summery yellow linen , and why they were talking about it was beyond her .
tr	O	I take care of her guest pass , and we get changed in the women 's locker room .
tr	I	Then my future was already secure with the Cardinals , but I certainly didn 't want to be a farmer .
tr	O	I tried to move my hand , but I couldn 't .
tr	I	It accounted for her only movement , and she hit her rapid eye movement .
tr	I	He waved back from behind his paper and I waved at him as I passed .
tr	I	We are not sure what exactly happened to Victoria and the cause isn 't clear yet .
tr	O	The Shifters in front of the pack , mostly wolves , drew back a little , but their growling didn 't cease .
tr	O	Unexpectedly she felt tears burn behind her eyes and she slipped her hand into her pocket to feel the familiar comfort of the amethyst spheres .
tr	I	She used the opportunity to get a drink of water from the kitchen and she was still chuckling when the television show went to a commercial break .
tr	I	I was still her father , and I hadn 't been instructed not to .
tr	I	The sun would have finally caught up to him too , so he withdrew , but he said he wanted to explore .
tr	O	The door opened in response to Robert 's handprint and they entered the little building .
tr	I	If I had a boyfriend , I should start caring but I 'd never cared too much about how I looked .
tr	I	I felt a bit panicked , but I kept my voice even .
tr	I	Ethan found his first , but I reached for mine .
tr	O	The bottoms followed and Carlo 's hands were everywhere , touching , sending tingles throughout her body .
tr	I	She had been falling in love with one of their greatest enemies , and they had been willing to die for her .
tr	I	I assumed he was getting the wine from some cabinet below , and he had been crouched down behind it when we came in .
tr	O	I rubbed the edge of the worn book , knowing I should wear gloves but unable to bear it in this heat .
tr	I	I am always happy to receive them and your letters are so very important to me .
tr	O	His lips were drawn back from his teeth in fury , and the lounging grace of his body was gathered into a predator 's crouch .
tr	I	The heat pounded him , making him catch his breath , and the ground leveled off .
tr	O	yelled the talented showman , and the audience gave a little chuckle .
tr	I	I would never let that happen , and all you can do is go down with me .
tr	O	The doors closed behind me on the elegant living room , and as they closed I heard the television come back on .
tr	O	Serena gasped and before he knew her intention she slapped him across the jaw .
tr	I	He leads me straight into his bedroom , but there are a few doors upstairs .
tr	I	If I saw him without her during that time , I would arrest him again , and I told Stella I was releasing him into her custody .
tr	O	Grant 's wife had walked out on him and we were married .
tr	O	I don 't think anyone else does either , but we are free of living under siege .
tr	I	Something didn 't register , but I listened .
tr	O	He wanted to scramble under the car but the hand wouldn 't let him go .
tr	I	I felt her enter me , give herself to me in a glance and Caridad glanced back .
tr	O	Something held him in place , upright , and she knew it wasn 't his muscles .
tr	O	He didn 't sound entirely confident , but there seemed little point in continuing to argue .
tr	O	It was her mouth ... And that beauty mark .
tr	O	The exhibition bout was finally over and Amber ran out of the locker room to meet me .
tr	O	Ruth tried to hold me back from the other prisoners , emphasizing that I was useless if I were hurt , and I needed to be careful .
tr	O	I became me account than it missed me , and my despite I now felt me as hypnotized by that thought .
tr	O	I groaned and he laughed .
tr	I	I do know it will happen but Truth is , I don 't know exactly how it will happen .
tr	O	My mom nodded at him and they turned towards the door .
tr	I	I don 't like being alone now , but I don 't know why .
tr	O	Her hair was dripping wet and she 'd barely had time to dry herself off .
tr	O	You don 't have any friends , and you don 't belong here .
tr	O	Trevor asks and I don 't even tell him .
tr	I	She was not , and No wonder she hates me : because I was spared .
tr	I	In her heart , she shuddered , but Violet patted her sister 's arm .
tr	O	He turned to go on along the passageway , but he recoiled sharply as his foot came down on something soft .
tr	O	I tried to move , but pain snapped me back to reality the instant my leg twitched .
tr	I	All of them occupied the shallower end of the pool , and only a few couples were in the water with us .
tr	O	He had almost lost her like he had lost his sister , and tears rolled down his cheeks .
tr	O	She raised her right hand suddenly and they flinched .
tr	I	She had no complaints , but he 'd had doubts about being a father .
tr	I	The rest of me did not smell so nice , but I almost didn 't want to lose that scent .
tr	I	I still arrived to bust down their doors , but they protested on the phone .
tr	O	Jess turned her attention toward the house , and I took another deep , calming breath .
tr	O	I began to protest but it was no use .
tr	O	The door opened and Mike came into the bathroom .
tr	I	Gretchen held up her number again , and one of the bidders dropped out .
tr	I	The tension eased from her face , and then a smile twitched at the edges of her mouth .
tr	I	She wanted to object and he released her slowly .
tr	I	Snaking up her arm was whip , and a velvet choker wrapped her neck .
tr	O	She had the sensation of Peter on her left , pulling forcibly on her arm , but in her mind , she was slipping away .
tr	I	On Nicole I make sure she feels all of my strength , but I knew it wasn 't hurting him .
tr	O	I can understand your concern , and in the beginning you might have been right .
tr	I	They resided in Romania , and they were almost 2000 years old .
tr	I	A tear trickled down her cheek and Susan nodded again .
tr	I	She shoved me in the direction of his room and I nodded quickly .
tr	O	He also told him that the man they were meeting was none too happy about being detained , and Anderson certainly understood .
tr	O	The food arrived and it was a repeat of last nights feast , only on a smaller scale .
tr	I	Trojans were still kindly disposed to them , but yes , they weren 't so magnificent as the Olympians .
tr	I	Jenny lightly pushed him back , and he gestured at me irritably .
tr	O	Violet sat at the table and Martin folded the paper away .
tr	O	She flipped open the button on his jeans and her fingers grabbed the zipper next .
tr	O	She had her father 's full attention and she 'd managed to shut Rachel out .
tr	O	Not much light made its way through the glass but it was still my favorite place at Nine Crosses .
tr	I	I said no , and Ron asked fearfully .
tr	O	He 'd stopped too but he didn 't say a word .
tr	I	She knew his attention was not solely focused upon her anymore , but he continued to hold her tight .
tr	I	He never would have noticed and a herd of cattle could have thundered by .
tr	I	He came in to talk to me about Stephen and he was a psychiatrist .
tr	O	He 'd have lived the rest of his life knowing he hadn 't taken the chance and now it was too late .
tr	O	Mr. McGee followed her into the kitchen and a loud slap was heard by all .
tr	O	You couldn 't be a rancher if you didn 't expect changes , but the fact that Chase was part of those changes drove her nuts .
tr	I	He saw hope bursting forth from the misery engraved in her filthy , torn countenance and Marcie smiled up at him from her battered little girl form .
tr	I	Her fingertips began to glow and a low chanting erupted from her lips .
tr	O	Josephine struggled to take control of her body but she was being held a short distance away .
tr	I	The car slid forward smoothly and Michael moved his hand to the gearshift .
tr	O	Just the axe 's head weighed more than me and my horse would have combined .
tr	I	I spot two pixies watching us with their round eyes narrowed to slits , and leaves rustle in the distance .
tr	O	The shot missed , and he quickly rose to his feet .
tr	O	We missed lunch , and I 'm starving .
tr	I	They all looked ready to lunge at any second , and I glared at the crouched , snarling rogues .
tr	O	The air-conditioning had been out for two days and the weather had turned unseasonably warm for October .
tr	O	He didn 't want to keep reliving his past mistakes that took himself away from them , but again those things kept popping in his head .
tr	I	He has to protect him , and he has a little boy in there .
tr	O	No one would know , and I would get the clients to pay you for having them .
tr	O	There was now in Texas an Army of Mexico that numbered nearly ten thousand combatants , and there was no Army of Texas to speak of .
tr	O	Cody was growing like a well-watered plant and I suspected that by Christmas he 'd need a size larger in jeans .
tr	O	I want to grin , but I fight the urge .
tr	I	He could see the light glinting on countless tiny pearls and she wore the same bloodstained negligee .
tr	O	She had had strange dreams , and they had seemed so real .
tr	O	She pulled at her hand but he didn 't release it .
tr	I	It was over , and there was one last hideous scream .
tr	I	We all took our seats at the table and I patted him on the back .
tr	I	He lifted her calves over his thighs and she tried to remain covered as she lay back .
tr	O	He couldn 't have been more relieved and he wasn 't afraid to show it .
tr	I	Without hesitation he raised the lever to its full extent and Taylor stepped on the gas pedal to increase engine power .
tr	O	I was probably late for the service , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	Both have backpacks and one is carrying a basketball under his right arm .
tr	O	I shook my head and he laughed .
tr	O	Paul 's breath came out and he shifted on the desk .
tr	O	He may have a funny way of showing things but he does care about you .
tr	I	The woman loved to talk , but I liked her a lot .
tr	O	His face was hidden by the shadows cast from the overhead light , but Colton could tell he was staring at them .
tr	I	Then he sighed , but he smiled faintly .
tr	O	Before she had a chance to think , a clear welcome lit her gaze , but just as quickly her eyes turned wary .
tr	I	The door closed behind him and I watched as Stefan folded his large frame into the seat beside me .
tr	I	Betty had not the ability to give answers , but others in the war room had many questions .
tr	O	Adam 's eyes met mine , startled , a little confused , as if he had no idea who I was talking about , and I snapped .
tr	O	Oh , she didn 't delude herself into thinking she 'd broken the code on all of his tactics , but she was pretty good now .
tr	I	In the last second , he pushed it back under , but it reminded him there was a lot he didn 't know about her .
tr	O	I was as deep in the madness as I could go , but it was useless .
tr	O	Something stirred inside him , and the rage he felt for his first wife returned .
tr	O	I have to bring out the big tricks and lucky for me Holly is a horrible cook .
tr	O	Vines grew over the blackened shells and the trees crowded in , the forest starting to claim back its place in the sun .
tr	O	Two battalions broke away from the main convoy , and they headed to the southern outskirts of Austin .
tr	I	I wonder about Sandy , but it 's also funny .
tr	I	The one I am , but maybe not the son you thought you 'd have .
tr	I	My cousin did not know anything about them , and they were left with me at the orphanage .
tr	O	Travis didn 't say anything for a long time , and then he nodded .
tr	I	His voice filled the room , yet Calin spoke quietly .
tr	O	I suppose it was the first time she had ever lied to him and it made her feel awful .
tr	I	I knew nothing of that drive , but humans often shared sexual contact for recreational purposes .
tr	I	It did miss him , but it only missed him by only inches .
tr	O	the prisoner asked , and the girl stopped momentarily .
tr	I	He had disappeared as silently as he 'd appeared that morning , but she glanced over her shoulder for a look at the taciturn deputy .
tr	I	They focused on one , if not all of us , and his eyes were now slits .
tr	O	Haven 't you written forty mystery novels , and weren 't a dozen of those actually quite good ?
tr	I	On him it works , but he almost looks too casual for campus .
tr	I	I can 't tell how deep it is through the veil of darkness and it is murky .
tr	O	I turned and Twenty-two followed a few seconds later .
tr	I	Things were going to be worse for me or I had to get over this infatuation by tomorrow .
tr	I	The Cardinal was on the other side with his back to her , and her dad stood behind the desk where she could see his face .
tr	O	I thanked her mother again for staying with her and she left .
tr	O	She blinked several times at an intricately carved flow of rock , beautiful in its way , but like nothing she 'd ever seen before .
tr	O	Alastor said nothing , but I could feel him swirling closer to me .
tr	I	The burning question that had been on my mind for so long rose up within and I kept my hand on his forearm .
tr	O	This sexual ease wasn 't something I 'd picked up , and Dorian knew it .
tr	I	I could not resist taking it ' and he left it in the caf that day .
tr	I	You know the rest and Section 100 thought up the Purple Cipher operation .
tr	O	Mary Ann 's mouth opened in surprise , but Louise laughed .
tr	I	She summoned every bit of will power to control the weakness she felt , but Karen could feel the blood draining from her face .
tr	I	Movement from the waist down was very difficult for her , but the woman 's injuries had not left her completely immobilized .
tr	I	I moaned at the feeling of calmness that was overtaking my body , and the tension crept out of my pores as his fingers banished it .
tr	O	Blood gushed , prayed her , and she fell silent , working desperately to clamp off every source of bleeding she could .
tr	O	Passage was in Northern North America , and McAllister was a city in Australia .
tr	I	Sitting up stretching his arms and Rat was finally awake .
tr	O	Several silent seconds passed , and she raised her foot from the pedal .
tr	O	Hot coffee spilled onto her wrist and she gasped at the sudden pain .
tr	I	She slowed and they approached a crypt with an open door .
tr	O	He said softly and I looked away .
tr	O	That arena was big , but I 'd never been to one like this before .
tr	I	This was never going to work between us or I raised an eyebrow , knowing I had to put my foot down now .
tr	O	He 'd tasted good , but he looked even better .
tr	O	Their successful company was bought out by Raytheon in 1987 , and after ten years of hard work , both men retired very comfortably .
tr	O	His shoulders rolled back and his face slowly lifted .
tr	I	Immortality wasn 't going to stop it , and my body was doing this to itself .
tr	I	Marlowe arrives much earlier than the appointed time , but Marlowe has arranged a meeting with Mars .
tr	I	He didn 't answer the phone , but she called Carl at the hospital in Germany .
tr	I	For a while she recovered her old animation , and suddenly Freda found no difficulty in talking to these total strangers .
tr	O	You could use a break , and I could use some diplomacy .
tr	I	He could do well without it and this bordered on worship .
tr	I	Ryan rushed over to her , and Claire dropped to the floor .
tr	O	That did the trick , and they started talking again .
tr	I	The taste of her strawberry lip gloss lingered , but my eyes hadn 't dropped before her mouth left mine .
tr	I	Lorraine seemed to blame him , and his American friend was dead .
tr	I	It was fascinating , from a scientific standpoint , but the countess failed the attempt .
tr	O	Then the trees opened up into a summery clearing , and it became obvious what the voice had meant .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure what she was expecting him to do , but it certainly kept him completely aware of everything the entire time .
tr	O	She was not sure , but she certainly saw a couple of older men shaking their head as if she had disappointed them .
tr	I	That would come later , but the truth would have to be dealt with .
tr	O	Rice solved the murder case , and it was during that time he had come to know agent Rice as a brilliant agent .
tr	I	There was undeniably a strange sense of companionship developing , but we didn 't speak much .
tr	O	There was a large steel gate , but it was locked .
tr	I	I felt a trickle of sweat run down my back , and the room was far too warm for my taste .
tr	I	It wasn 't just that , but the plans worried me too .
tr	I	It took me forever to get to it , yet it 's such a simple conclusion .
tr	O	I have no more faith in humanity than you do , but some humans are better than others .
tr	I	Chloe looked contrite and the man left a moment later .
tr	I	It was a voice she knew well , and the voice came from Lily 's earpiece .
tr	I	Immediately the tunnel was filled with light and he took the ring .
tr	O	You were gone for quite a while , and we all missed you horribly .
tr	O	Asher 's risk was all for nothing and now he 's being punished for it .
tr	O	I tilted my face and his hand fell to his lap .
tr	I	I can feel it 's more like a wobble , but I just nod my head .
tr	O	The health was bad and the money ran out .
tr	O	It 's not like I 'd tell him Jack and I have already been to third base together .
tr	O	There was no sun , only thick mist and there was a decided chill in the air .
tr	I	She could not be joined to another man and she said the Lord had joined her with Harvey .
tr	O	I tried to say thanks , but I couldn 't manage to form the words .
tr	O	Some cars ran the red light on the corner , and others went down wrong way streets to get away .
tr	I	Then the video screen received the transmission , scanning it from top to bottom , and there was a pause that seemed interminable .
tr	O	She felt silly , but she was not alone .
tr	O	Ratliff arrived late and they ordered drinks .
tr	O	Bake it for an hour and you have a permanent object .
tr	I	The mansion had an empty , deserted feeling and there was no one around .
tr	O	he pointed and McBride could see that the frame was quite loose in the wall .
tr	O	I am pleading for justice , and justice I have not had .
tr	O	I didn 't think I would see the woman again but I did , one night a week later .
tr	I	For a moment , I thought it worked , and I threw everything in my sway toward her , pleading for calm .
tr	O	For today they were still under martial law and contacting their captor was the captain 's prerogative .
tr	O	There were no lines on his face and his skin did not tan .
tr	I	That once he left , their short-lived relationship would meet its end , and she would no longer be his pupil .
tr	I	There was no longer time for college , but Albert continued working at Metal Presses Incorporated .
tr	O	The sun had disappeared , and Simone seemed to be the only one concerned by their absence .
tr	O	His voice is in a whisper , but his heart is shouting .
tr	I	I knew what was expected of me , and he pursed his lips .
tr	O	Xavier sat on a jump seat next to the driver , armed with a Glock , but the gun was holstered .
tr	O	I wasn 't talented at many things , but I was good with a sewing machine .
tr	I	They only accentuated the sharp , clean cut of his face , but a pair of dark glasses obscured his eyes .
tr	I	It had already almost pulled up to unload , and he fell into the van more than anything .
tr	I	He wasn 't good with numbers , but not because there were so many .
tr	O	Steven 's mood was changing rapidly , and he was beginning to really enjoy the evening .
tr	I	I stifled a sob , and my emotions were already on edge .
tr	O	I didn 't receive many calls , but I answered anyway .
tr	O	His eyes come up to meet mine , and there is no humor in them .
tr	I	He just stands there , staring at the damn ceiling , but I 'm flabbergasted , waiting for Ian to chime in .
tr	O	I twist away and he lets go .
tr	O	I picture Luca as a scared five-year old , tied to his bed in the dark and my eyes fill with tears .
tr	I	Your plans will once again be foiled and if the Gods see me with an army they may assume that a war has started .
tr	I	It still faces the planet , but the window is smaller .
tr	O	It hadn 't actually slammed , but it certainly sounded like it .
tr	O	She 's a tiny little thing , but I know she can take me .
tr	I	Then I should have no memories of it , but maybe it had happened in a parallel world .
tr	O	I braced for it ; and when he shifted , bumping against me , I was surprised by what he must be dreaming .
tr	O	Eddie shoots me a questioning glance , but she can 't hold it in .
tr	I	It was far from warm , but the cabin wasn 't icy .
tr	O	The cars whizzed by , and Liam looked into the oncoming headlights , trying to figure out which cars would be involved .
tr	I	Her eyes were sharp with hatred , but Felice shut her mouth .
tr	I	Then his eyes shot up to mine , and Jackson stared at it .
tr	I	I move out of the way at the last second and she swings her sword forward .
tr	O	She found the encounters pretty darn insulting since it meant these pedigreed felines didn 't consider her competition , and she 'd had enough .
tr	O	She would be in good hands , and once she was home , she would be safe .
tr	O	He reaches for me and I instinctively step back .
tr	I	Her Dad bought her a car and Lilly turned seventeen a few weeks back .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but I should have implored her that my love for her was real .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure that was true , but he shrugged .
tr	I	She didn 't like it at all and she felt so isolated , cut off from the important business of the castle .
tr	I	Curiosity won out over indignation , but their hostess sucked in her breath at this blunt order .
tr	I	His tight chest seized and a memory came to Colin .
tr	O	There was a knock on my driver 's side window , and I nearly jumped out of my skin .
tr	O	The short kid doesn 't look as strong as his buddy , but he 's compact , which should make him a better climber .
tr	I	The rest of his body had leapt into a high adrenalin state anyway , but his brain was logically telling him that there was nothing to fear .
tr	O	He probably knew how she felt , but it was one thing to know , another to have it declared .
tr	O	They needed my help because he is an actor and he 's well-protected .
tr	I	I was still getting inquiring emails about my adventures anyway , and I knew I had a back-up plan ( Dex ) .
tr	O	Crawling over the rubble a hand grasps his leg from the cracks and he stumbles .
tr	O	The room hushed , and everyone tried to find somewhere else to look .
tr	I	The Queen slipped into it , wrapping the silken whiteness about herself , and she held it up .
tr	O	His voice was stern , and I rolled my eyes .
tr	O	As he draws closer to me , the smells stir my stomach and I run .
tr	I	Then she remembered telling him it was the scare that had made her sick , but at first she didn 't understand what he meant .
tr	I	It made her anger rise , and she heard him behind her , chuckling at her reaction .
tr	I	Outside , something is screaming , and the storm has whipped them to a frenzy .
tr	I	Jamie decided to ignore it , but his attitude was slightly defensive .
tr	O	He recalled now that Clint had said it wasn 't his and at that moment Chewy 's curiosity was piqued .
tr	O	He wanted to wrap his arms around both of them , but he didn 't dare .
tr	O	I needed to believe they 'd kept me in the dark for a good reason , or maybe they didn 't even know the truth .
tr	O	The kiss wasn 't overly sexy , but the soft way his lips brushed against hers had her heart swelling with emotion .
tr	O	Jem is not well enough , but he Will say he is .
tr	I	The audience cheered and he dipped me down , continuing the kiss .
tr	I	He kept a grip on it with iron control but his good mood was vanishing fast .
tr	O	She gave me my total and when Liz came back out , we exchanged numbers .
tr	I	Everything went white and he threw the ball of light at us .
tr	O	She turned on the TV , and still she couldn 't concentrate for more than a few minutes .
tr	I	He halted , looking around for the danger and some sixth sense seemed to warn the Arab .
tr	O	Max sat back in his seat with a frown at her , and I tried to smooth down my messy hair .
tr	O	I may have amnesia , but even I can see that .
tr	O	I had to buy it on credit , but it 's really nice to have a distraction from work that isn 't just the TV .
tr	O	Her arm was in a sling and the bruising on her face had faded into a sickly greenish yellow .
tr	I	He groaned , pressing his advantage , his hands stroking her back until she opened with a whimper , and her lips melted into his .
tr	I	I 'm dying to get wrapped in its heat and it 's like I could feel the warmth of her soul pouring out of her .
tr	O	He 'd been with her earlier , but now he was gone .
tr	I	I 'll lose it , right here in the bar and the floodgates will open .
tr	I	There 's no changing that and I will never know a lot of stuff about our relationship .
tr	I	His hair is messed up , like he just ran his fingers through it and a red baseball hat is dangling from him fingers .
tr	I	I came over to listen and I heard talking .
tr	O	Jim had this funny long-suffering look on his face , and then his eyes sparked .
tr	I	She smiled at him and his gaze held hers .
tr	O	It had felt good to tell someone the truth , but now that he was finished , he was afraid .
tr	O	Warmth flowered within Ion , and the panic clutching him vaporized .
tr	O	I peek over , and yes , he 's staring .
tr	O	I want to know that piece of him so badly , but I can 't ask that question .
tr	O	A nervous triumph rose inside of her , but she swallowed it down , hoping that he couldn 't see it .
tr	O	Her knees buckled , but Finn caught her .
tr	O	I might as well enjoy it , and I was doing just that !
tr	I	Beth moved towards the one vacant chair and Lucy sat down again behind her terminal .
tr	I	The surprise on her face made him sad for some reason , and he gave her a quick nod .
tr	O	John wanted to stay longer with Matthew but he had to hurry back to work .
tr	O	She tensed , and her hands flattened against his chest as if she would try to shove him off .
tr	O	Kelly was still fuming when she arrived at the restaurant , but she made herself smile broadly as she greeted her friends .
tr	O	She rocks against me , and I am instantly hard .
tr	I	Then he released a ragged breath , and several seconds stretched out .
tr	O	She made a mistake , and now it would be easier to put it in its place .
tr	O	I look away from him as my heart starts racing and I feel the first trickle of sweat down my back .
tr	I	As everyone knew , one kobold was meaningless , and I would be Leader of exactly one kobold .
tr	I	I turned my head away and he tilted his head ever so slowly toward me .
tr	I	I jumped when a banging sound caught me off guard , and she insisted .
tr	I	The picture went well , and we started shooting in the spring of 1950 .
tr	O	He appeared to be favoring the arm on the side of his broken rib , but otherwise he looked okay .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what he wanted , but she was fairly sure she wouldn 't want to discuss it in front of Kate .
tr	I	His back straightened , and his hands fisted .
tr	O	Alexander knew he should have ignored her from the start , but he had a tendency to want to make everyone happy .
tr	I	He accepted the bag , but Bax 's eyes widened .
tr	O	She 'd hoped that would wake him , but it didn 't have the desired effect .
tr	O	At that question , I wanted somehow to tell him the truth about that night , but I preferred to lower my look back to my knees .
tr	O	Her desperate thoughts about Josh disappeared , and her present reality returned .
tr	O	It was on its last legs but hanging on .
tr	I	My need was great but I didn 't like to do it .
tr	O	He looked like a little boy , and it made me feel warm .
tr	I	The chill of his skin told her she was too late , but her fingers pressed against his throat , feeling for a pulse .
tr	I	I 'd burn you to ashes where you stand or I could even tell you to do it .
tr	O	She kept her eyes open for Sam , but he didn 't appear .
tr	O	The drapes were closed and the double bed was poorly made .
tr	I	If she 's really as great as you say she is , it 's worth it , but it might be hard .
tr	I	Again I could feel the admission trembling on my lips , and I looked at her .
tr	I	He had to adjust his jeans in order to pull in a breath without emasculating himself and Paul 's stomach clenched .
tr	O	My light is off and my covers are on .
tr	I	It felt great to have a little power , but she doubted she could ever go through with that threat .
tr	I	Normally she sounded much more confident , and I 'd listened to her recorded shows before .
tr	I	Quinn nods and I ask .
tr	I	He was dead for another , and some part of me knew they weren 't going to find Ethan for one .
tr	I	I was shivering by the time I saw the shipping container , but you would think that having been in a damp cave would have prepared me .
tr	O	Savanna 's hands were opening the fly to my shorts and her feet were kicking them down around my ankles .
tr	O	Celeste threw her arms around him and they sank down till only their heads were above water .
tr	O	I couldn 't make out the words , but the voice was angry , maybe hysterical .
tr	I	I searched in vain for something to say , and he grew quiet again .
tr	O	We can do it the easy way , or we can do it the hard way .
tr	O	No one seemed to understand her , and her voice grew more panicked .
tr	O	The little man had a towel about his waist and he was sweating profusely .
tr	I	He wasn 't entirely sure what he 'd told them , and his memories of the last few days were patchy at best .
tr	I	It was the wrong kind , but Fruit was inside .
tr	I	My body meets him for every thrust , and I 'm hypnotized by his slow , steady rhythm .
tr	I	She couldn 't bring herself to speak , but she nodded .
tr	O	His fingers curled around her wrist , and he lifted her arm so that he could see the wound .
tr	I	This was different , but I 'd experienced the bite , the self-interested violence of it .
tr	O	His lustful eyes raked over me and I felt violated by this act .
tr	I	That was kept by the New Zealand coven , but she 'd won a choker that gave its possessor the siren 's song .
tr	I	That didn 't matter anymore , but I had even thought of names .
tr	O	Tyler already respected the heck out of Sarah Chance , but this discussion added a new layer of high regard .
tr	I	There 's more to worry about at the moment , but I have no idea which description fits what guy .
tr	O	Alma saw the outcome of the fight approaching and she jumped to her feet .
tr	O	I was happy ... and I was nave .
tr	O	A revolver packed more punch and she didn 't want to do something stupid just for the sake of her pride .
tr	I	The heroes are moving the wrong way , but there is a monster in this room .
tr	O	They were knowledge , and they were hers .
tr	O	Their teeth were no longer showing but he could still hear a chorus of low throaty growls emitting from them .
tr	O	He experienced it every damn day , and he was more grateful for that love than she could ever rationally understand .
tr	I	We were in our hiding place and our new identities were in place .
tr	I	He chuckled , and I made a face at him .
tr	I	Owen throws in a flourish on the drums , and Rook really gets into the bass .
tr	O	It didn 't feel like much of a secret anymore , and Nadine had already had contact with her .
tr	O	His grip momentarily loosened on my leg and I flung myself backward in search of the lighter .
tr	O	The prospect of getting into a small car with a bunch of sweaty men had no appeal , but I attempted a polite smile .
tr	O	My heart thuds in my chest , and I step forward to look out .
tr	I	When I persistently jerked my head in Claire 's direction , he spoke up , but Jared frowned .
tr	O	The Prosecutors erupt into laughter again but this time they  re alone .
tr	O	His arm came from around my front and his hand gestured to my head .
tr	I	The rest of the bodies were not far behind and within an instant the little girl was almost on him .
tr	O	Let his client and Jimmy Hull do their dirty work .
tr	O	Her dad might have been a professional cheater , but to Amber , he 'd had a heart .
tr	I	Neil wouldn 't survive a rematch with him , and Prison couldn 't stop his father for long .
tr	O	They took his dad straight back and he hasn 't been out since .
tr	I	At least she 'll listen , but she might tell everybody else .
tr	I	My throat hurt too badly but I wanted to ask more .
tr	O	It was good stuff and he did like it .
tr	O	After big trouble the love will result in a marriage and even then the woman would land herself on the bed .
tr	O	The sun , having raced across the sky from east to west , had set and the moon was making its entrance .
tr	I	She had some company at all times , and Jessica was also being taught at home .
tr	O	Your mission is bigger than both of us , and we both know this is the only way .
tr	I	We believed them , but we thought them stupid .
tr	I	He catches them and I toss him the keys .
tr	I	My eyes rolled into the back of my head and I relished it .
tr	I	I 'd go watch the men dig , waiting to see what they would uncover , and he used to fund excavations .
tr	O	I had told the world what we were doing and now there was absolutely nothing to show for it .
tr	I	It was his least favorite place to go with his father , and Jared had spent endless hours at Titan Mercantile as a child .
tr	O	He did not seem in a hurry , but he continued to bellow as he walked .
tr	O	I still didn 't know if I bought the idea of mind control in the tattoos , but I let him go on .
tr	I	It upset her , and he was hurt .
tr	I	I was running out of time , and something in me was going to explode .
tr	I	Jack had dealt with paying the taxi driver and the taxi had dropped us off .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have thought Roy 's smile could grow any wider , but it did .
tr	I	Adam was all for fire , but I thought drowning .
tr	I	He would never have let me go and he would have followed me to the ends of the earth , because I belonged to him .
tr	O	Margaret 's previous car was well past repairing , and she was excited about buying a brand-new vehicle .
tr	I	We digress , but sometimes he stoops .
tr	I	The jacket tear could have happened any time during the previous weeks , but the cut to his cheek was fresh .
tr	I	I guess I 've never looked into it , but I presume this to be uniform throughout the disjoint nation .
tr	O	The earth shook with the release of that power , groaned at the destruction that had been unleashed upon it , but the act was irrevocable .
tr	O	Cara took his chair and I sat on the floor since I was the reason we were there .
tr	I	All he could do was mumble incoherently , but Bradford tried to make a joke .
tr	I	It did look as if I was running away , and I explained to her that the Captain had rules .
tr	I	He pulled her into his side , and Michael 's arm came around Lily .
tr	O	He missed her now , but he knew she was right .
tr	I	His face darkened for a brief second , and Jax looked up at me swiftly .
tr	I	We faced each other and I did the same .
tr	O	I knew she was lying and even I felt bad for her .
tr	I	I shot him a look , and he grinned .
tr	O	Now I don 't have all the details , but I know something is happening .
tr	O	It was like nothing they 'd ever seen , even miraculous , but Jeremy knew she would make it .
tr	O	He presses his lips to mine , and I cup the side of his face .
tr	I	She was starving and at the very least she 'd get fed .
tr	I	I felt a chill despite the warm breeze , and my heart began to beat faster .
tr	I	That was only how he affected my heart , and every emotion I 'd tried to suppress resurfaced with pitiless intensity .
tr	O	It was just a matter of time and the Choir Boys would have been ousted .
tr	O	I was asking you questions and you didn 't answer them .
tr	O	The woman gasped softly and Sam tensed .
tr	O	I went to pay , but he said it was on the house .
tr	I	He had clenched his fist in anger , but Guy hadn 't realised it .
tr	I	She had a look at my fingers and I held out my hand .
tr	I	That 's what made me think about coming here , and Thursday was the anniversary of my dad 's death .
tr	O	Admittedly his caress felt good , and her breathing quickened .
tr	I	Magic works here inside the Gatehouse , and I have a Master Key in my backpack !
tr	O	Realm reaches to tip my chin up to him , and my breath catches .
tr	O	Normally Doug has to handle the sails alone , but today he has several capable hands to assist .
tr	I	The real reward would only come with Barton 's capture , and neither wanted to touch the girl .
tr	I	Her heart started to pound hard , and she twisted around in her seat .
tr	I	His broad shoulders seemed to fill the doorframe , and he was tall , easily over six feet .
tr	I	She needed to hear his voice , but he wouldn 't like her spending so much money on long-distance calls , instead of e-mailing .
tr	I	She didn 't scare me either , but she wasn 't friendly like Ula .
tr	O	I was sweating by this point , and the salt in my sweat burned in the open sores covering my body .
tr	O	Maybe that 's blunt , but I 've found that being blunt sometimes makes life easier for everyone .
tr	I	She shook her head sadly , but suddenly , she didn 't feel confident about dealing with this son who was too much like his father .
tr	O	Heavy stomping hooves caught her attention and she returned to the wooden fence .
tr	O	Seeing her made my wolf respond and he nearly changed before I pushed him back down .
tr	I	The mission had been a success because of their sacrifice , and they 'd done their job , drawn fire .
tr	I	I almost wish they would and a savage glee seizes me .
tr	I	It was the kind of scenario he knew he might have to face but the major was stunned by the news .
tr	O	The smile fell from my face and I just felt kind of stupid .
tr	I	She was overcome by the most amazing smells , and the bike soon came to a stop .
tr	I	I 'm impressed , and I 've never seen a super fight before .
tr	O	Though he had stabbed it , the wound was superficial , and he 'd had no time to properly prepare his weapons .
tr	I	Perplexed , I began to realize of the impossibility of my task , and I had never expected that the tomb would attract so much attention .
tr	O	She touched her boot and the slight movement of her ankle made her grimace .
tr	I	For a moment his eyes shone with warmth , and he gave her a weary grin .
tr	I	She could tell it was expensive , but it wasn 't flashy .
tr	I	There 's no god here on our side who 's going to give us a free pass and they don 't want you to leave .
tr	O	It gave a howl , tried to hold on , and then suddenly he was free .
tr	I	They were arresting them because they used magic in self-defense , but Rif had possibly killed Big Darius .
tr	O	He certainly wasn 't prepared to call it quits , and he didn 't think Rachel wanted that , either .
tr	O	I was just a pawn in my brother 's game , and this time , he was truly playing for blood .
tr	O	Simpson complained , and again Morris ' fist lashed out .
tr	I	The child scrunched its face , too , and she made a scrunched up face .
tr	O	She was on the same page as I was regarding kids and I couldn 't be happier .
tr	I	Yet I couldn 't believe what I was seeing , and I watched it happen .
tr	I	Helen wasn 't even pretending but Alice half-heartedly pushed on the weights .
tr	O	Jack found a lounge , washed his face , and then he felt better .
tr	I	There was nothing Graham could do about that , and wallis was getting some dosing , of course .
tr	O	It would have been bad enough had he forced her to yield to him , but he hadn 't .
tr	I	Then you come along , but most people still think of them as just stories .
tr	I	She covered her stomach with both hands and her eyes widened in surprise .
tr	I	He had never once taken that opportunity , and he 'd had many chances to kill her , to use her , to drain her .
tr	I	Emma had followed her into the parking lot , but she 'd driven herself .
tr	I	It did nothing to Mac , but maybe it hurt other humans .
tr	I	I saw her smile shine back at him under the moonlight , and he shook his head no .
tr	I	It was always so confusing with Demetri , but he made me feel things , good things .
tr	I	I almost fell inside and as I raised my hand to ring the bell , the door opened .
tr	I	Her chest stopped its struggle for breath , and her eyes closed .
tr	O	He grinned at her and she reached to fan his gorgeous face .
tr	O	There are no helpful updates on the television , but the alley seems as thick with refugees as the previous morning .
tr	I	It led outside , and a door was hidden in the far corner .
tr	O	She kept asking me who , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	The teacher cleared his throat and I pulled my hand away .
tr	O	He 'd also tried on numerous occasions to ask me out , but I never dated anyone in my building .
tr	O	The Skulls were all about the family , and it was because of that family that Frederick got his own way .
tr	I	When I get there , a woman looks up at me , but I walk there slowly , still somehow waiting to wake up .
tr	I	Many died and Blood flowed .
tr	O	The maids were nowhere to be seen , but the smell of smoke was stronger here .
tr	I	McDougal raised a hand , but Abe shook his head .
tr	I	The door leading into the bedroom was out of sight and a closed door across the room , I guessed , led to a bathroom .
tr	I	Sarah wasn 't backing down , but he questioned the wisdom of promising a rescue given the odds we were up against .
tr	O	Our guys went over every inch of Simon 's house , but it was the same as Charlie 's .
tr	I	He pulled out , leaving her panting , but she strained to take his fingers deeper .
tr	O	The sight was sickening , but despite my mortification over the sheer magnitude of death surrounding me , my prime concern was Derek Novak .
tr	I	I could definitely dress like a college student , but facial hair wasn 't an option .
tr	I	She pulled our h * ps together and her legs wrapped more firmly around mine .
tr	O	I knew how the media could be , of course , but I also knew that each article had at least some semblance of truth in it .
tr	O	She moves forward , but I stand still .
tr	I	Zella typed in the password on the keypad , and the hall lights flickered on as we approached .
tr	I	Cassandra started speaking , and a male voice was heard .
tr	I	He gave her a deep , searing kiss and this time , his tongue invaded her mouth .
tr	I	It was what he would do , and he had trained them himself .
tr	I	She stops me with her hand but I move to walk past her .
tr	I	Truman spoke to Benson in a hushed voice and their faces were somber .
tr	O	He 's at the hospital and he 's dying !
tr	O	I rushed to his arms and he held me tightly to him .
tr	I	He wasn 't certain it had ever started again , and his heart had stopped beating when Maggie 's had .
tr	I	Everything was going wrong and I was completely numb .
tr	O	I brush her hair back from her face , and her body starts to quake under mine .
tr	I	The images blurred together like some kaleidoscope of memory , and it seemed ages ago .
tr	O	She enters the second room on the right and I smirk .
tr	I	We 'll have to stop making the jeans and my supervisor reckons our budget will be cut soon .
tr	O	The pipes screamed and the house shuddered .
tr	I	I don 't know if I can take this , and Oh God , if he 's going to cry , I 'm definitely going to cry .
tr	O	He had asked Sherry to be his wife and she accepted without hesitation .
tr	O	They tried to erase James , but I still loved him .
tr	I	I could see little dust particles floating around my empty room and the sun was shining through the small crack in my curtains .
tr	O	His father was a partner at a major law firm in Manhattan and his mother was a well-known news anchor in the city .
tr	O	I thought I could consider him a friend , but he hadn 't said one word to me since we returned home from Romania .
tr	I	Rachel wondered if she 'd just made an idiot of herself , and when his gaze returned to her eyes , his expression was unreadable .
tr	O	My house is small , but I have a big yard .
tr	O	After lunch we went back to Kurt 's place and Dan explained the deal in detail .
tr	I	This time , she was grateful for it , and the numbness was back .
tr	O	Maddie pulled away from me and she smiled at me shyly .
tr	I	My heart stops for a moment , and I know exactly what I asked .
tr	O	Her hair is pulled back , and just as I hoped , her shorts are better classified as a belt .
tr	I	I started to lose my sight : and for Lorenzo was gone .
tr	I	He remained silent , but Julian looked as if he was going to argue .
tr	I	You have some interesting abilities and you three are pretty skilled .
tr	O	My time on earth is ending and I 'm at peace with whatever comes .
tr	O	It was true : one urchin grin from Vic and he could have his pick of the room .
tr	O	I was pressed tightly against a pillow , but it wasn 't exactly a pillow .
tr	I	Her smile burst into a grin at their exchanged approving glances , and she smiled at the guards outside her door .
tr	O	I was going to cry , and I couldn 't let him see .
tr	O	The sound of Mac 's beard rubbing against his shirt came again , but eventually he said .
tr	I	She knew he had a good heart and she saw a friendly smile in his eyes .
tr	O	Anne knew men like the back of her hand and she was always with a different one .
tr	I	Lily cut him off , but Tom opened his mouth to speak .
tr	I	I ducked behind a tree , and Mrs. Caputo 's car came around the corner .
tr	I	The spell was broken , and she blinked .
tr	O	I know people mean well , but it doesn 't change anything .
tr	I	I just couldn 't put the girl through any more grief , and I could not think of a natural , painless way to ask again .
tr	I	I started to panic and he didn 't move .
tr	O	Michael hesitated , and I could feel him searching for the right description .
tr	I	No son had been another disappointment to her father and having only two daughters .
tr	I	I was instantly turned on , but I didn 't know if it was the fact that we were out in the open .
tr	O	We 've been monitoring enemy transmissions , and they 're discussing a fallback , as the tunnel war isn 't going well .
tr	I	For Markman there was no sense of acceleration at all , but the tube rider shot out of the chamber .
tr	O	Blood began to flow , making her grip less than certain , and she stepped back quickly , trying to buy herself a little bit of time .
tr	O	Asia tightened her grip on Rico 's head and she pulled down on the other side of the blouse .
tr	I	I 've lost any trace of my appetite , but our food has yet to arrive .
tr	O	Okay , so it was a bit sarcastic , but it still counted , right ?
tr	I	It doesn 't mean they don 't notice just the same , but I try not to flaunt it , most of the time .
tr	O	Rhona had only a moment to think , Shit , and then she was diving back behind the boulder , crouching as low as possible .
tr	I	Printer stifled a sigh and they were by now the focus of every eye in the room .
tr	O	One of them tried to grab Ash , but they did not bleed faster .
tr	I	There was enough without that ; but it would be unfair to take seriously the things the man had said immediately before his seizure , no doubt .
tr	O	It puzzled him why she was dressed the way she was and it puzzled him why she was even on that road .
tr	O	The worms had knitted it neatly , but his enemies had hung him too high for anyone to notice .
tr	O	She 'd said it with her eyes closed , not really intending to say that , but the words just slipped out accidentally .
tr	O	He felt dimly alarmed at what she had said , but he still couldn 't put anything together .
tr	I	He needed to get away , but Thomas knew that he should help with the cleaning .
tr	O	He is mesmerised until the sounds of raspy gasps and loud tears bring him back .
tr	O	Oh , they 'd try to stay together at their different schools , but in the end , it wouldn 't work .
tr	I	He appeared to be about nine years old and when she pulled her hand back out to the street , there was a young boy attached .
tr	I	I think it is up around New York , but I 'm not sure exactly where in America that is .
tr	O	He could lay out every detail of each preternatural faction and it wouldn 't make any difference .
tr	O	Teagan 's eyelids fluttered and she stared at the floor , hoping Jake didn 't notice .
tr	O	Her dad was reading the local paper and Mark was texting on his cell phone .
tr	I	The highway coiled , giving them a chance to brace themselves and he pushed the handlebars forward .
tr	O	He tightened the hand at her waist , and with his other he slid his thumb along the angles of her jaw .
tr	I	It does not end well and you know I have seen movies about guys like you .
tr	O	Call was in his cabin , Archer in his room , and I spoke in both their heads at the same time .
tr	I	I had to settle for pinning him up against the wall , and the bastard was strong , though .
tr	I	Mostly , her parents wanted to calm her down , and she wasn 't making any sense .
tr	I	He shook his head , and the grin grew wider .
tr	I	She kept throwing disturbed glances at Suzanna , but the woman had taken a seat across from Amy .
tr	I	Now I was useless , and I 'd given in to the pills .
tr	I	So far he 'd succeeded , and Voss was trying to keep her safe .
tr	O	We 'd survived another day , and if all went well tomorrow we 'd see the end of all this .
tr	O	She fussed with a button on her blouse and Franco struggled with a sudden urge to strip the garment from her .
tr	I	Nothing else had changed , but he had gained weight .
tr	O	Thank God she knew nothing about what had transpired this afternoon , but that in itself added to my questions .
tr	O	They took the stairs to the third floor , and Dan stopped outside Andrew 's room .
tr	I	Beverly did , but she didn 't want the baby .
tr	I	They scattered throughout the arena , taking positions they thought would be most strategic , and there were about thirty male recruits .
tr	O	Dante is gone , and I untied the whip .
tr	O	Maybe he wasn 't an unstable , but that didn 't mean he was invincible .
tr	O	Hannah 's cries filled his ears , louder than ever , but the Yankee made no reply .
tr	O	Her stomach pitched a bit at his question , but she still didn 't understand .
tr	O	He was obviously struggling somewhat to keep up and his breathing was already difficult .
tr	O	They knew it , and they were afraid .
tr	O	The lass 's eyes widened , and her head jerked back with a start , unintentionally yanking on the reins she clenched in her teeth .
tr	I	It 's obvious that can 't happen with me , and he deserves to finally be happy .
tr	I	He snatched up his rifle and Golden 's head shot up .
tr	O	Dormer pushed down a handle on the front of the box and the side panels slid down to reveal a compact block of machinery .
tr	I	It will not end for another half cycle , and the celebration has begun .
tr	O	His hair hung over his face , but she could sense his grimacing glare .
tr	O	One bare foot was visible , and even in the low light , Ice could see claws emerging from disfigured toes .
tr	I	He was faster , but Skye went as fast as she could .
tr	I	The whiskey flowing down his throat seemed to disprove this , but his mind told him that what he was experiencing was impossible .
tr	O	She 'd thrown her best at Connor over the years and he 'd thrown it right back at her .
tr	I	His fingers wrapped around her palm , and she reached out awkwardly .
tr	O	I didn 't want to believe it but the evidence was right there on paper .
tr	O	They started reading it and I wished I were somewhere else , anywhere .
tr	O	They can be dangerous if you do something stupid , but they don 't go out of their way to mess with humans .
tr	I	He kept leaving her , but she begged him to stay home with her .
tr	I	The she-wolf relaxed , and I did the same .
tr	I	He snuggles up to it like a child and I place the duvet from the back of the couch over my dad .
tr	I	She kept her arms down in an undefended position , but she rolled her eyes .
tr	O	What was inside might lead to more grisly images blasting across my mind , but it would also ensure my survival .
tr	O	Her coppery curls fell past her shoulders , and her nose was splattered with freckles of the same shade .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to make some dismissive remark , but before she could say anything , Eugene cut in .
tr	I	Now he was moving in for the kill and Pierce had bewitched her with his caresses .
tr	O	Surprised , Jim agreed and the three of them disappeared into what used to be the office of Headmaster Morgan .
tr	O	Abigail ran around the pile of dust and together they rushed to the white stone .
tr	I	I exhaled , and I looked at the little guy in front of me , who looked excited at the prospect of starting school .
tr	O	I had forgotten that she had only been in my bedroom once , and that was when she brought my drunken ass home from the club .
tr	O	He might not understand just how she 'd accomplish this , but she 'd be there if he really needed her help .
tr	O	Hedges opened up into a small alley , and across the road was a homey restaurant called Pedro 's .
tr	I	He was flexible , but his return flight was scheduled for noon tomorrow .
tr	I	Sarah shook her head sadly , and his question brought back the sting of reality .
tr	I	Something was missing , but I 'd found the peace I longed for .
tr	O	Her gaze was firm , but her voice was steel .
tr	I	The officer headed toward the open motel room , and the car pulled into the motel parking lot .
tr	O	I looked back down at the picture , pushing away the sadness I was feeling and I read the last line .
tr	O	He said that he wasn 't going to hold his breath for a call back , but the look on his face said otherwise .
tr	O	Then it blew up , and I started believing darker things .
tr	I	I could feel an enormous power building up , and then I just sort of pulled everything around me inside .
tr	I	He didn 't want to say anything inappropriate , and he still wasn 't sure about this guy 's relationship with Jase .
tr	O	Apparently she exposed her abilities and they swooped in .
tr	I	His covered his ears and he froze in terror .
tr	O	She probably never wanted to see me again , and I was fine with that .
tr	O	He heard his brothers shouting at him but he couldn 't respond .
tr	I	Josephine headed for the door and the doorbell rang .
tr	I	He silently applauded , and his dark brows arched .
tr	O	Josh came out , and my jaw tightened .
tr	I	I turn toward it , shielding my eyes from the blazing sun , and the whirring blades of a helicopter echo in the distance .
tr	O	She 'd been given too much and he 'd been given too little .
tr	O	The guys could have been wearing used garbage bags , and they would still have looked hot .
tr	I	He was too scared he would get careless again , but his need for the high was great .
tr	I	There was nothing I could grasp on to , but I had to have one .
tr	O	This fleet appeared to be catching up to us , and thus it must be a war fleet .
tr	I	We are in our positions , and the line comes to a halt .
tr	O	I can 't picture this happening , at least the crying part , but I can 't erase everything I saw when I was a kid .
tr	O	It was the one he carried when he traveled , a thin , red , silky one , and I belted it around me .
tr	I	His stare kept them by the doors , but they seemed like they wanted to pat him down .
tr	O	You just figure you 're gone , and the rest will pretty much take care of itself .
tr	O	A flowery dress hangs off her body and her bluish hair is in tight curls .
tr	I	His eyes caught mine and he gathered all my hair in both of his hands at the back of my neck .
tr	O	Clearly he 's not trained for it , but he has two things going for him .
tr	I	It makes me smile , and I hear the tiny upward lilt in his voice , the single note of hope .
tr	O	Rex whistled and I shouted until one of them saw us .
tr	O	He held open the door for her , and Toby , who had remained to see his brother off , helped him load in the steamer trunks .
tr	I	It felt right , but it surprised me .
tr	I	It did go to the Spartan gym but the bus service was nowhere near The Woodlands .
tr	I	She 'll have gone to sleep and it 's late .
tr	I	Despite this , was doing a good job , but Nathan knew John did not have the technical expertise .
tr	I	I wanted him right now , and Sean was the only one I wanted .
tr	I	He wouldn 't have gotten in touch or he obviously wanted some contact with her .
tr	I	His demeanor was likely to matter more , but she 'd chosen him because of his brilliant mind .
tr	I	The paralysis seems permanent , but the bones are healing .
tr	O	You will follow these and as they are asked you will indicate on the paper that they have been asked .
tr	O	she whispered , and to her embarrassment , he smiled .
tr	O	Disappointed , his foot stumbled on his way to the door , but he kept going .
tr	I	This is exactly what I 've been training for my whole life , but until an hour ago I had no idea .
tr	I	Lexi relaxed a little , and not much more light filled the space than it had that morning .
tr	O	Steven called , but nothing stirred .
tr	O	The Elementals had been stopped , but they would come once more .
tr	I	I will shoot or do it slowly .
tr	I	I heaved a weary sigh all to myself , and I heard the water running after a second .
tr	O	Adam did not like the idea of leaving women to their fate ... but Drusilla insisted that rescuing the Priestess Muriel the Enlightened was too important .
tr	I	They always got off to good starts , but more coffee , the day was cool , the Dolphins were off to a good start , 8-3 .
tr	O	He stopped his Vampires from going there a long time ago , though some have managed to slip under his radar , but they never returned .
tr	O	I was joking , and it was way more raunchy than the things I usually said .
tr	O	He was still trying to sort it out when he climbed into bed that night , but he didn 't have long to dwell on it .
tr	O	With a thud the rugby tackle landed , and Murphy was felled .
tr	O	She 'd dyed her hair from platinum to soft strawberry blond , and it fell in ringlets over her shoulders .
tr	I	At last the launch time drew near , but the past three days had been busy .
tr	O	It indeed broke the stones like it was nothing more than sand , but it did not reach him .
tr	O	His scowl darkened , but he finally nodded .
tr	I	They were too engaged in conversation to acknowledge my presence but I passed a pair of souls coming the other way .
tr	I	His jackass apostles as they left the arena and Will asked when I turned to him , after waving both of my middle fingers at Jason .
tr	O	After a few minutes I heard him humming and I listened as he sang me a song .
tr	I	It rocked beneath my weight , and I sat down on the swing .
tr	I	He 's trying to make the best of it , and the killings at the launch site were a mistake .
tr	O	This isn 't just about sex , but I can 't stay the night .
tr	O	He called her name , but there was no answer .
tr	O	I 'm sorry you had to go through that , but you 're safe now .
tr	I	The image of the girl disappeared and Ellis picked up the shallow bowl .
tr	I	His tongue brushed mine and his lips parted .
tr	O	The headlights of oncoming traffic threatened to blind him , to make him lose his footing , but he quickly gained ground .
tr	O	His had been the first individual thoughts she 'd ever filtered from among the hideous mass , and she could still read him better than anyone .
tr	I	I felt a pang of dismay , and at the end of the corridor are closed double doors .
tr	O	He pursed his lips thoughtfully , but it was all for show .
tr	I	Neither did I look back , and I didn 't dwell on it .
tr	I	She didn 't shrug him away , and his hands lingered upon her for a moment .
tr	I	None of them Dacre , and another outlaw was gone , three so far .
tr	O	Helen 's fingers flew across the keyboard , and a moment later , she looked up .
tr	I	He couldn 't see that , but I smiled a little , a very little .
tr	I	I quickly scrolled through the SOS message , and the bell rang .
tr	O	Any other dog might have limped away , but without use of either of his front legs , he hadn 't been able to move .
tr	O	I could 've run after him , but there were bigger problems to deal with .
tr	O	There were a few porch lights on around the reception building , but I doubted anyone was actually staffing the counter at this time of night .
tr	I	I am beginning to believe it , but I still don 't understand it .
tr	I	Finding the rest of her family and Time to focus solely on Joshua .
tr	I	I love the sound of well-constructed sentences and I write because I enjoy telling stories .
tr	O	He can be very serious when it 's necessary , but when it 's not , he plays .
tr	O	He cradles my head , smoothing my hair as my shoulders shake and my tears soak his scarred chest .
tr	I	Although she was thin , she wasn 't skinny , and she wore a black dress .
tr	O	His eyebrows danced and his eyes pointed at my backside .
tr	O	The beer had helped relax me , and the delicious scent of Ethan warmed my body .
tr	I	She was a fast learner , but yes , her financial situation was uncomfortable .
tr	I	They leaped with me and I started to run .
tr	O	She could agree all she wanted but she really had no idea if she could make it happen .
tr	I	I thought it was sweet , but it might seem odd that my boyfriend loved to paint my toenails .
tr	O	I hadn 't been around that long ago , but certain things stayed the same through time .
tr	O	I was going to wake you , but you looked like you needed sleep .
tr	O	He had a way with his tongue that should be illegal and it probably was in some states .
tr	I	Because we 'd already been getting conflicting information all day , we had an idea that something was up , and Hammond put in the call .
tr	I	I hope for the latter , but I can 't know which theory is true .
tr	O	I kept my flip-flops on because it was Uganda and you never took your shoes off ever .
tr	I	He must have noticed my frazzled expression , and his gaze lifted as I moved closer .
tr	O	Floyd really was a nice man , and she did feel sorry for him .
tr	O	He 'd never even given me a chance , and now I was the one getting the blame .
tr	O	Tessa 's house was missing a few shutters and the siding looked worn .
tr	O	I started to ask why he wouldn 't follow , but movement near the window caught my eye .
tr	O	It 's a little over three months before they have to perform for the class , but I 'm counting down the days .
tr	I	I will knock you unconscious and speak ill of her again .
tr	O	I 'm not sure which you 'd find worse , but neither would be pleasant .
tr	O	His tone is lighter now , freer , and I suspect that our new closeness has made it easier for him to talk to me .
tr	O	Officially he 's Saucy Lady 's Naughty Boy , but we won 't use the entire handle around the barn .
tr	I	Those canines would make a nice meal for someone else , but Elijah could have easily eliminated all of them .
tr	I	A distinct laughter rose above the rest and bold male laughter bounced around the classroom .
tr	O	Jeff would be disappointed about Cole missing his game , but he 'd understand .
tr	O	It 's not going to be easy , but it can be done .
tr	I	He 'd left his upstate New York hometown so he could love them from a distance , but he loved his big , loud family .
tr	I	He flinched horribly and I touched his back .
tr	I	Burnett would know it was her and she knew it would sound the alarm .
tr	I	My heart stopped beating , and her voice was breathless .
tr	I	He receives no answer for a time , but the foam moves him gently , peacefully .
tr	O	As they were recognised more torch beams flickered to life and a chorus of relieved voices greeted them .
tr	I	He was doing her a favor , but Beth Ann didn 't realize it .
tr	O	The cloth , at one time , was of a light color but its original hue was lost in the soaked red that ringed her beautiful head .
tr	I	Their talk turned to the farm , and it seemed to satisfy the other .
tr	O	Buck had three full days to make a three day trip , but he would have to book a seat on the train today .
tr	O	He didn 't get out , but he distracted Vivian , irritated her .
tr	O	Night had landed , and the village was now in utter silence .
tr	O	At first I thought she was angry with me for allowing her to sacrifice herself , but then I realized it was shame .
tr	I	The memories just started coming and when I woke up , I wanted to see the doll to feel close to her .
tr	I	They continued moving on through the spears of rain , but their heads swung in unison to look at the car .
tr	I	Shinichi dropped the smal er girl into her arms , and she snatched at the limp form of Bonnie .
tr	O	Vince started for Tony , but before he could reach him , Joe pulled him back .
tr	O	When he stopped talking , he opened his eyes and I saw all the need he hid so often .
tr	I	It made Walter Jenkins feel more nervous and that stillness was almost impossible to bear .
tr	O	She didn 't know what to say , but she knew that she had to tell Hadley something .
tr	I	We got through it , but it hurt both of us .
tr	I	I don 't mind , but sometimes he repeats stories .
tr	I	He used it to heal his shoulder and Fredrick had brought one when they had breakfast in the Hollow .
tr	O	There was a shout from the floor below , and a thump under my feet as someone threw something at their ceiling .
tr	I	Seeing that I could not die they buried me deep in the ground , but they tried to kill me as well .
tr	O	The slut is dead , and I raise the brat !
tr	O	The kid went unconscious immediately and the giant attacking Leah immediately disappeared .
tr	I	We were quiet for some time , and he didn 't say anything .
tr	I	He carried it with him during the day , but Sebastian had a laptop .
tr	I	Without even a bit of disorder , I had to admit that was freaking cool too and okay , that was executed so smoothly .
tr	O	A thin layer of perspiration covered her body , and it took all her strength to stop shaking .
tr	I	I was hoping it might contain information about how to get home , but I knew it was forbidden .
tr	O	It was owned by an immortal who ensured that the windows had blackout curtains and the closets had outlets for special travel refrigerators .
tr	O	My fingers dug into his shoulders , and I waited for him to kiss me .
tr	I	She wasn 't the only schoolgirl sporting exotic hair colours but I thought Alexa would stand out with her dyed red hair .
tr	I	I couldn 't find you , but I went looking for you .
tr	I	He stopped at the sight of her but the rest of the men watched as Pond tried to teach Riddick words .
tr	I	As it opened , I started to cry and I knocked on the door .
tr	I	Hank wouldn 't be there , and they would be home soon .
tr	O	Raquel laughed unevenly , and that reassured me .
tr	O	I can 't believe it , but you have no broken bones .
tr	O	The rain had stopped and the clouds were dissipating .
tr	I	I should have been , but I wasn 't shaking .
tr	O	He pulled me closer and his voice dipped lower .
tr	O	I tried almost everything painfully possible and yet it didn 't work .
tr	O	Mark held her , and Andrew sat with them , his heart breaking for both of them .
tr	I	Very soon both were covered in wet soil , and their struggling was fierce .
tr	I	That 's to do something terrible before we die , and there 's only one reason to tie us up .
tr	O	The hand finally left her leg and she heard the welcome sound of the two men retreating from her room .
tr	I	Aly took my hand again , and I pulled away from him .
tr	I	I feel her hair lightly brush my arm , and Nina shifts next to me .
tr	I	It actually was pretty incredible but he wanted to be humble .
tr	O	How he was able to keep the Essence against her will evaded me , and I knew that the answer would not be pleasant .
tr	O	Then she would be back in her Hotel after the shows , and she would be able to relax more .
tr	I	Nevertheless , she 'd kicked ass right alongside everyone else , but granted , she 'd had some help from Daniel .
tr	O	Something had just happened between us and I couldn 't quite articulate it .
tr	I	The knife moved away from her throat and terrified she nodded .
tr	O	Agatha nodded with pride , but her smile faded as she looked down at her gnarled hands .
tr	I	Their wings do not have so many joins , and they are all much more brightly colored than I am .
tr	I	I can 't go down the path he 's chosen , but I care about him .
tr	O	The lock was unlatched and the door swung open .
tr	I	There was no direct route to get there , and it was at the other end of town .
tr	O	My weight knocked him off balance , and he stumbled back a few steps .
tr	O	It seemed harsh , but she seemed sincere .
tr	O	I snarled at the voice to shut up , or I was going to make a fool out of myself .
tr	I	It was no use but I backed up from him .
tr	O	He was much more skilled with foreplay than she was , but he couldn 't wait to teach her how he liked to be pleased .
tr	O	Her cat wasn 't in heat , yet she was .
tr	I	They nearly matched her sweater , and they were the same bright blue as Dex 's .
tr	I	I leaned against the fluffy sleeve of her new robe , and she covered my legs with her blanket .
tr	I	He is sorry and your father overreacted .
tr	I	A moment later her hand slipped into mine , but Kenzie didn 't answer .
tr	O	She tried shaking off his hand , but he wouldn 't let go .
tr	I	There was no chance of getting lost and at least there was only one pathway to follow .
tr	O	The cold air grew warmer as the sun rose and the dripping foliage dried out while , in some sections , sunlight filtered through the overhead trees .
tr	I	The ceremony resumed , but she started to speak to him .
tr	I	They were a pleasure to work with and Quieter than the main floor , the students in the annex were focused on their studies instead of socializing .
tr	O	This question suggested blasphemy and there was no reply .
tr	O	The other girls started giving me looks , but I didn 't really care .
tr	O	He struggled to watch but the song distracted him .
tr	O	You have survived so much , and you will continue to survive .
tr	O	My world would always revolve around Maggie May Young but I desperately needed to become the guy who wouldn 't fall apart without her .
tr	I	The screen refocused onto a display of officious text , and just like my grandma 's analogue antique .
tr	I	Nothing had changed across the street , but her gaze darted to the window .
tr	I	My very arms trembled at his strikes , and the vibrations traveled through my veins .
tr	O	They 'd already been here too long and it was making her twitch .
tr	I	She never said I was there , but she said he 'd been rafting .
tr	I	The terms of his will had been made public and it had only gotten worse after their father 's death .
tr	O	Morton would be a challenge , but he 'd provide great experience for a new dramaturg .
tr	O	She turned the page in the newspaper , picked up her coffee , sipped it again , and her eyes drifted briefly his way .
tr	I	He reached for his bow , and Longbow 's head came up sharply .
tr	I	I 'm getting tired of traveling , but I like it .
tr	I	You inflict it , and you suffer it .
tr	I	I felt this floaty feeling overtake me like my fairy godmother had put me in a bubble , and then his lips were on my ear .
tr	O	All though Braydon may have told her something , he probably thought that it was just about sex with Lucky , and Angelique wouldn 't mind that .
tr	I	The options were password protected , but Clay scrolled through the menu .
tr	I	As I watched his movements , I finally understood what Katie saw in him , and Brandon took another step towards Greyson .
tr	I	I didn 't know what to say , but I nearly went to the door .
tr	O	Her voice took a more pleading tone , and it wavered as if she was going to break down .
tr	I	She was a business major and he was majoring in IT .
tr	I	Several seemed keen to set out right away , but most took it with calm resolve .
tr	I	She smiles at him and he takes it from her .
tr	I	I would know it from now on , but it was something I 'd never smelled before .
tr	I	He intended to grab as much of it as possible , and Life offered more than that .
tr	I	She pulled him back , away from the opening , but they were dragging him toward the carriage .
tr	I	He kept coming at me and I shot him three times !
tr	O	First , he demanded that Laura be pulled up first , but they ignored him .
tr	I	She wouldn 't stand up to him but she loved me .
tr	O	I looked out the window , but his car was already gone .
tr	O	Damon 's expression turned serious and he seemed a little uneasy .
tr	I	I began trotting toward the car and Sensation came back into my legs .
tr	I	He knew her confusion made her angry and she looked bewildered .
tr	O	He didn 't bother covering himself up , and she realized he probably wasn 't aware exactly how nak * d he truly was in human terms .
tr	I	A darting shadow behind them caught Karou 's eye , and a few men came in .
tr	I	Its eyes moved from Tristan to Zoey , but the fairy 's horrid little face was frozen in a grimace .
tr	I	He kept her covered , using his body as a shield , and they fell to the ground .
tr	O	Hazel didn 't seem concerned with his behavior , but she never seemed to be unsettled by anything .
tr	O	There is water close by and I stretch my finger toward the button .
tr	O	Not one of them had the audacity to make a comment but they all smirked at him .
tr	O	I couldn 't read her eyes but I want to go in there .
tr	O	The curtains had been pulled back from one tall window , and pale silver light poured into the room like a rain of needles .
tr	I	Patroclus just beamed as though he 'd been given a wreath of oak leaves , but he meant it to carry a slight hint of sarcasm .
tr	I	He needed to know what she was thinking in order to keep her safe , but he knew he wouldn 't like the answer .
tr	I	Maybe he messed with her psychologically , but no , Jeff didn 't think Liam was the type to get physical with her .
tr	O	A fallen spatula , and she must have been the one who dropped it .
tr	I	She didn 't want to go wild now , but going back to Warsaw made her feel bad .
tr	O	There was a desperation in his voice , and it was legitimate .
tr	O	I ran straight thought the courtyard toward the outer temple that led to the exit , but standing there was a strange , little man .
tr	O	The man stared at the letter with a sober expression , but the expression wasn , t cold .
tr	O	I hadn 't known why at the time , but I 'm someone who always listens to her first instincts .
tr	O	They got out of the car and he led Kara into the building .
tr	O	He wears dark glasses that wrap around his face and he is wearing a long sleeved shirt .
tr	I	There aren 't even many of those now but the locals used it for an occasional meeting .
tr	I	He was fairly certain he could break something , but it wasn 't like he could steal it .
tr	I	The sneaky bastard anticipated my move , but Ethan was distracted , so I rushed him .
tr	I	All at once she was her old , ultra-cool self again and Anger further drained from her posture .
tr	I	Adam shouted with it , and the engine roared .
tr	I	Robert was looking at Maryse , but he tried to catch his eye now .
tr	O	I can tap into it , but I don 't really know what I 'm doing .
tr	I	He said he knew that you had no interest , that you hated the creatures and he looked at me then .
tr	O	I go through the movements , my confidence growing with each step and soon , I 'm no longer worried .
tr	I	I answer him anyway , but okay , this part is definitely illegal .
tr	I	It would not come , but I prayed for death .
tr	O	Raphael jumped to it and Sebastian took Benny away .
tr	O	Rationally he could hope for God 's attention ; but this trawling for a miracle seemed so merely desperate .
tr	O	She did not want to let it go , but she was ready to accept the situation .
tr	O	He 'd admired their country and he 'd made them laugh .
tr	O	It was dark , but the moonlight lit the place well enough to see .
tr	O	She watched the sales associate give him his change and they went out again .
tr	O	They spoke for the first time and the emptiness shook violently at their words .
tr	I	I was pretty sure I knew why , but I was surprised that they intrigued me so much .
tr	I	He promised nothing would happen while he was there but I was wary after what Caleb said about other wolves sensing the animal within me .
tr	I	I didn 't kiss her but she looked at me expectantly .
tr	I	The correspondence had continued by e-mail , and he 'd written her a letter after Dan 's death .
tr	O	NASA is an American non-military organization , and it owns the Hab .
tr	O	It had every race on Jade , and she didn 't remember one looking like this .
tr	I	It just was not a practical explanation and it was an emotional attack on me .
tr	I	None were serious , but a few scratches on the arms needed bandages .
tr	I	The water was still crystal blue , but my first thought was a shark .
tr	I	I told him so and it was exactly what I needed .
tr	O	Charles stopped talking and his eyes narrowed briefly .
tr	O	Slowly opening my eyes , I found I was facing the wall , and the glow of false dawn etched odd angles on everything .
tr	O	My eyes closing and he kissed my forehead .
tr	I	I shove him again , and Ben grabs for me .
tr	I	Then shot forward again and the horses jerked nervously in the shafts .
tr	O	He was exhausted , barely sleeping most nights , and his work schedule exploded with a rash of bad karma .
tr	I	He hadn 't rolled over either , but maybe he hadn 't committed completely .
tr	O	She smiled back , and he felt a sudden hopefulness .
tr	I	She comes back to visit when she can , but she 's still gone .
tr	I	Unfortunately she didn 't have time for it right now , but Annabelle understood his desperate need to touch her .
tr	I	They giggled together , and Bernardo leaned into Madhu 's ear .
tr	I	The pressure felt right , but his head felt heavy .
tr	I	Her shoulder immediately rebelled , but Sloane shifted in bed .
tr	O	This morning , her face was ridiculously pale , and her hair seemed to thin before my eyes .
tr	I	She suddenly found it hard to breathe and something about the question hit her in the gut .
tr	O	The hot breeze moved one dark curl across his forehead , which must have tickled , but he didn 't brush it away .
tr	O	We had to kill them or we would have been discovered .
tr	I	He would have to work for their affection , but oh , they would serve whoever was crowned king .
tr	I	His green eyes narrowed and he glared at Aiden .
tr	I	Blood roared through her ears , and she froze at the nickname .
tr	I	The tension drops from Miya 's shoulders and a boy no older than eleven opens it .
tr	O	I tried not to think about the last time I 'd come here , but of course I did .
tr	I	I 've got extra weight on my bones , and I eat food .
tr	O	Bob was very still , and his face was pasty .
tr	I	To them it was important , but he didn 't care about that .
tr	I	I was desperately trying to control my shaking and I had no idea what they were talking about .
tr	O	Chapter 6 I heard Jason 's truck turning into the driveway as I sorted through my evening email , and a trip came into my heart .
tr	I	She snapped her fingers and her eyes lit up .
tr	I	At some point I became aware that things had changed , but Chapter 11 Unknown Time I don 't know how long I cried .
tr	I	I couldn 't be happier and my wife was clinging to me .
tr	I	David didn 't want to face it , but the end of Wayward Pines has been coming for a long time .
tr	O	Jain went with them , but Daniel caught her arm .
tr	I	She had a feeling she just looked scared , but Emma tried her best to smile .
tr	I	There was a horrible pungent smell under the arms and the top was damp with sweat .
tr	O	I giggled , taking a look in the mirror at my outfit similar to her and Gina 's .
tr	O	His eyes brightened with what looked like laughter , and then he pulled his phone from his pocket .
tr	O	Henrietta was frozen , and it took him to repeat his question before she stuttered out a ' no ' .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready to go home , but the idea of getting to press my very needy body against his for the next hour sounded wonderful .
tr	I	She hadn 't even had makeup at his place to hide any of it , and her face was pretty beat-up .
tr	I	Callum wanted to control it and her reaction could be anything .
tr	O	Mrs. Williams flung her dishtowel at him , and Nelly gave a shriek .
tr	O	Alison had no love for the girl that was the fastest on the team and Selena could feel the venom in her stare .
tr	I	A whisper as the human forces approached the Lycan camp on silent feet , but the attack started , not with a bang .
tr	I	He can 't talk back , but I can talk to him .
tr	I	It 's a rare occasion when he actually does get called , but he 's on call most of the time .
tr	I	Now I 've made my decision , but we were considering it .
tr	I	Her eyes seemed kind , but her face was filthy .
tr	O	He knew what an order was , and he would obey it with his last breath .
tr	O	Minutes later I 'm in my PJs and all my makeup is washed off .
tr	I	We compared notes , and Katie called that night .
tr	O	Nathan 's heart ached and he suddenly despised himself .
tr	I	I meant it , and I said yes .
tr	O	We were meant to have twelve weeks training , but in the end we only got seven weeks .
tr	O	He nodded unable to talk as they both scrambled to right themselves again , and Lizzie took the chance to look around at their surrounding .
tr	I	I didn 't even know you and you were the first boy to show up like that .
tr	I	His hair is a mess , and his beard is growing through .
tr	O	He couldn 't deny that her reticence , bordering on secrecy unsettled him and the things he had managed to find out didn 't quite add up .
tr	O	My mother wasn 't mad , as far as I could tell , but she was constantly eyeing both of us in the rear view mirror .
tr	O	* * * Nikki wrapped the white sheet around her naked body and waited for the doctor 's return .
tr	I	She was otherwise uninjured , but her arm was bleeding .
tr	O	Only one of us could face him at any one time , and I was the nearer .
tr	I	This is the only option that will work , and the sheep need to be given fresh water .
tr	I	I ceased having a mother each and from the moment I gave birth , my husband .
tr	O	Music was playing and the gentle melody seemed to cheer everyone .
tr	I	She 'd avoided it , but on the drive here , Chase had tried to start a conversation .
tr	O	She had to , and they knew it .
tr	O	Ludicrous was the word that came to Clyde as he considered this preposterous find , or laughable might be the right word .
tr	I	The others followed and she walked to the kitchen .
tr	O	Her degree was in design , and she would be interning this summer at design firm in Austin .
tr	I	I began to feel nauseated and the scream grew louder .
tr	O	They were over fifty feet away , and so far Yosef had not recognised Ant from their brief encounter near the hospital .
tr	I	I saw it myself , and at the same moment I felt Steff go rigid against me .
tr	I	She fought back the urge to laugh and Hysteria built .
tr	I	Ran came forward to cut the bags open and the Governor gestured to his henchmen .
tr	I	I wanted to smack him through the phone , and Tommy asked .
tr	O	She 'd heard Aria was back but she hadn 't seen her yet .
tr	I	My flight just arrived an hour ago and I was called away unexpectedly on business .
tr	I	He felt the temptation to take the loaf for himself , and he hadn 't eaten anything himself all day .
tr	O	Maybe it was an honour for Edward to be brought up a prince but the steel edge of command put all sorts of fears into her mind .
tr	I	That changed the second he left for spring training but I was doing just fine .
tr	O	The clean cut preppy look suited him and although I had every detail of his face already memorized , I found myself staring .
tr	O	I rushed forward and flung myself at Matteo .
tr	O	No lights were on , but I could see everything clear as day .
tr	I	No one on his staff would work , but he needed a new spy .
tr	O	There were even shackles on the wall , but thankfully , our two prisoners weren 't bound .
tr	I	That thug is hurting her and there she is .
tr	I	Her words were more like a whimper , but she tried to sound light , funny .
tr	O	At least that 's what a jury thought , but it 's different to know that you 've killed another human being .
tr	O	Both men were looking straight at Shane , and the fear in their eyes was boundless .
tr	I	He was going to make love to her , and she was with Adrien , in his South African home .
tr	O	Her shoulder-length black hair was up , adding an air of sophistication , and her dark eye makeup made her appear older than her twenty-two years .
tr	I	Dante hadn 't put up any protest , and I 'd stolen the show .
tr	I	Long , sharp talons bit into the child 's arm , and the slash of his mouth revealed jagged teeth stained black with blood .
tr	I	A new one begins , and their moment has ended .
tr	O	I was thinking about you one night and I looked up your kitchen 's website .
tr	I	When I landed in the trees , I cursed , and that sort of hazy thought didn 't always work .
tr	I	His blood had smeared the bedding , and the dish towel she 'd wrapped around Clay 's wound had fallen off .
tr	I	Her sister remained staring into space but Lauren glanced over .
tr	I	He knew that he would love her until the end of his days and she was his Fated One .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be able to get up again and I was afraid the ladder would break .
tr	O	I hear a feminine scream amid the sounds of skin being struck and I know it 's not my girl .
tr	O	I 'm not going to stop loving you , and I 'm certainly not going to stop asking .
tr	I	Sure enough , they were at the pier and she looked out her window .
tr	I	Neither could be opened from the outside , and the first door would not unlatch if the second door was open .
tr	O	She knew there was a camera in there somewhere , and it was pointing right at her .
tr	O	I glance into his eyes and his are icy , dangerous .
tr	I	You don 't survive for long and you act the way you want him to where he 's from .
tr	O	I was retired once again and I liked the feeling .
tr	I	He is the last thing on her mind now , but they are an arm 's length from one another .
tr	I	Then it 's your house , Matt , dear , and Ma ma hasn 't said a word about it .
tr	I	A traitorous part of her heart opened to him , and she was grateful for the privilege .
tr	I	Bastian hung up and someone said something on the other line .
tr	I	Whoever he was with came into the house and Pat wasn 't attacked as soon as he .
tr	I	I couldn 't have that happen in the Manor , and she was about to die .
tr	O	The table looked like a magazine spread and I was beaming with pride .
tr	I	He makes no move to do so , but I wait , a little tense , a little unnerved , for him to undress me .
tr	I	Really , it wouldn 't have been that hard , and I tried to drown .
tr	O	Then everything went spiral , and my mind went blank .
tr	I	Save her ... and corrupt her .
tr	O	He didn 't imagine he would have succeeded , but he knew he had to try .
tr	O	His cold eyes scanned the crowd , and I got the feeling he was hunting for his next victim .
tr	I	She squeezed his hand harder and Aidan glanced over at Leah .
tr	I	The dam broke and I turned away .
tr	O	Finn gingerly touched the tiny fissures in the trunk of the large tree , and they immediately healed .
tr	I	The fact was , it was true , but she hated to admit it .
tr	O	He 's quick to buckle himself in , and for a moment I consider taking him .
tr	O	The second group was just as enthusiastic and she laughed with them , eager to give them the encouragement she 'd given the first group .
tr	O	His chest stilled , as if she 'd taken his breath away , and his hands flattened on the comforter .
tr	I	Surrounded her until Frieda Whitehall stepped forward , obviously the spokesperson , and the women poured in as if she were giving merchandise away .
tr	I	She hated his wife , but he loved his sister .
tr	O	Stephanie was seated next to Jackson and he had his hand still tightly grasping hers .
tr	O	This was a true Collar , and Dylan carried it to Fionn .
tr	I	The many rehearsals in his head helped him greatly , but his moves were less confident with his eyes closed .
tr	I	Yet another advertised a luxury car , and another sign boasted the faded picture of women in bathing suits drinking beer .
tr	O	His expression was still inscrutable , but she saw that her words troubled him .
tr	I	She immediately blushed guiltily under his gaze , and Radcliffe glanced sharply at the young Mowbray girl when she blurted out that answer .
tr	O	Heavy feet filled the hallway , and the obsidian scalded my skin .
tr	O	His imagination began to take over his more rational thoughts , and he envisioned all manner of unlikely things to have occurred .
tr	O	Adams could guess what was coming , but the implied intimidation was a surprise .
tr	I	Damon knew he had seconds before they would be pulling to a stop and the limousine pulled into the parking garage .
tr	O	He put an arm out to Nicole , and she slid up against him as if she had been made to fit at his side .
tr	I	It tugged at her sleeve but she tried to ignore it .
tr	I	She 'd learn soon enough ; but perhaps she assumed she did .
tr	O	She extended her hand and I took it , stepping forward until I stood directly in front of the peeling , clay urn .
tr	O	He said something was wrong with Logan and he didn 't know what to do .
tr	O	I 'm weakened and I 'm strengthened in your arms .
tr	I	I listen as feet begin pacing the room and a chair scrapes against the floor .
tr	O	My mouth went dry and my mind went blank as I felt trapped beneath their inquisitive gazes .
tr	I	It only licked me as a mother bear licks her cubs , but I felt its hot breath on my face .
tr	I	It surely wasn 't what she got , but Helen did not really know what reaction she expected .
tr	I	It surprised me , but I didn 't mean to say that so loudly .
tr	O	The shadows back in the wooded valleys were a kind of misty blue , and the sun sparkled on the waves .
tr	O	She pressed harder on the spot , and she thought she felt a slight movement .
tr	O	My mother 's been kidnapped , and I 'm going to find her .
tr	I	It would dramatically improve our odds if they were here , but I wasn 't sure if I wanted his family anywhere near this madman .
tr	O	I can see that you are more than human now , but there is something I feel coming from my human emulator .
tr	I	He released her , backing up and her hands went to his waist .
tr	O	It had happened to me and my friends were dead because of it .
tr	O	This was the power center of the world , and Dana could feel the electricity in the air .
tr	O	The law won 't allow it and the barons won 't accept it .
tr	I	I poured us another glass of wine and after we finished eating , we put the cartons back in the basket .
tr	I	Her fingers twisted in my shirt and she kept her face turned away .
tr	I	I was fidgeting in my seat as we pulled up to the hotel and we 'd planned to meet at a Heston property in Rome .
tr	I	I stood shivering as I watched for Cadmus and the cold penetrated me from the outside in .
tr	O	She smiles , but it trembles .
tr	O	She was being playful , but she was also serious .
tr	O	I rol ed my eyes , but the sword didn 't notice .
tr	O	Mimas ' head jerked up and she started to move away .
tr	I	His lips curled back to reveal rows of teeth so sharp they might have been filed down and the dog stood .
tr	I	One of the thugs shoved a gag in the policeman 's mouth just then , but he might 've said something .
tr	I	It was an important aspect of Christmas for Sophie , but her husband , Harry , claimed to hate fruitcake .
tr	I	She relaxed against him , and Drew put his arm around her to steady her .
tr	I	I let that thought pass but it 's a little sexy .
tr	I	It fell straight on his head as he was passing by and with a godly stroke of luck it broke off the nest .
tr	O	Quinn walks away to take Titan back to the stables and I miss him immediately .
tr	O	Her fury with Jason exploded , and her hand flew toward his face in outrage .
tr	O	She smiled at me and I returned the gesture .
tr	O	He feels her pain and he winces from it .
tr	I	The clean snow showed that not much was flowing along them , but there were still sewage gutters along the sides of the street .
tr	O	He watched the first ball go by him , and the umpire signaled a strike .
tr	I	At first she simply let her voice float , wordless , along with the flowing melody , and she sang with a deep , rich alto .
tr	I	I knew that grin , and Cameron 's grin changed .
tr	I	His money from his grandmother was just sitting around , and he was buying me things because it made him happy .
tr	O	People came here to make their fortune , and Daisy could just imagine her life with William .
tr	I	This latest news really drove it home but she 'd already reached the conclusion she 'd been wrong about Christopher .
tr	O	Only one is strong enough to breech the surface and that one has a powerful seer as an ally .
tr	I	Jac would have Targeted her but I doubt anyone .
tr	O	The doors of her car unlocked by themselves and Kevin let himself inside .
tr	I	The redheaded man was in front of him , and Ryder was in his cell .
tr	I	I was in no state to care but it probably cost like a thousand bucks .
tr	O	The sound of the TV in the other room went down and Neil hit the bell a third time .
tr	O	His hair was tied back in a ponytail and both his ears were pierced with gold earrings .
tr	O	Humans , puppets of a vampire , had constructed the trap , and only a master vampire could have kept his presence from Riordan .
tr	I	Suspicions were forming , and I wondered what was happening .
tr	I	It suddenly occurred to me that maybe I didn 't want to live a normal life , and I glanced over at Angus again .
tr	O	He crossed the room to the doors onto the terrace , and as he opened them , the rain seemed to cease .
tr	O	Abby tried to sit up , but her body refused to cooperate .
tr	I	She was a mystery at the moment but normally he could read her pretty easily .
tr	O	Cole reached for the door , but an invisible hand grabbed his .
tr	O	The path was dusty and he saw no tracks .
tr	I	Adriane was in a less than perfect mood , and Rachel had a raging headache the next morning .
tr	I	God is God , and Evil is evil .
tr	O	He slowed his pace as he walked up to me , and I could see the displeasure in his stern face .
tr	O	You were kind to Travis and I 'll always appreciate that .
tr	O	She gave me a different picture of her and I saw what must have attracted Ross in the first place .
tr	O	Theresa is very big on events , but I really wanted to help her with this .
tr	O	I shoved him as hard as I could , but of course it didn 't do any good .
tr	I	It was plain as day , but Bennett attempted to adjust himself .
tr	O	A part of her mind was struggling to put the puzzle together , but there were too many missing pieces .
tr	I	It was hard to tell , since my property always smelled like wolves , but there was no scent of anyone recently nearby .
tr	I	Right after breakfast , we headed out the door , and the night disappeared in the blink of an eye .
tr	O	He was beginning to agree with his wife , but he wasn 't yet ready to admit it .
tr	I	My eyes darted up to his face and Blake 's voice changed .
tr	I	Being alone in the coach , they kissed , and it was impossible to resist the attraction any longer .
tr	I	Dare used the time to get himself under control and Liza headed inside .
tr	O	I looked at Rita , then at the wall and soon Rita had turned to look at the wall .
tr	O	He has a brilliant mind , and he was so wonderful as a boy .
tr	O	She didn 't smile , but she was very glad to be at his side .
tr	O	The world seemed so different now , yet nothing had changed on the island .
tr	O	The weight bench in the corner was probably his , but everybody stored their exercise equipment in the guest room .
tr	I	It didn 't matter , but my shrieked words were incoherent .
tr	O	Edmond was covered with bruises and Len was perfectly fine .
tr	I	You 're so much ... larger than he , but I know it amuses you to beat my fiance unconscious .
tr	O	I just had to hope that Lucy wouldn 't find out , or I 'd be in for a major lecture .
tr	I	It 's functional but it 's not pretty .
tr	O	He would wait with her as long as he could , and then he would have to seek shelter from the sun .
tr	I	They can decide from there and to each country we 'll only give them the safe areas on their own land .
tr	O	She gets out of the car , and I follow suit .
tr	I	I am missing it and there is something here .
tr	I	He appeared to be regaining control , but his breathing was still erratic .
tr	O	He inched his body toward mine and I immediately felt his heat .
tr	O	I don 't understand anything other than the fact that it feels like my veins are on fire and I 'm melting into something else .
tr	O	Humans never knew the place existed , and they barely received visitors , unless they were of magical origin .
tr	I	We didn 't know if anyone was inside , and your door was open .
tr	O	It saddened her deeply , but she couldn 't see any other option .
tr	O	We walked down the planks to the boat , and my eyes widened .
tr	O	His words were cutting like a knife , but he didn 't seem to care .
tr	I	I imagined this was what it felt like , but Chapter One Logan I 'd never been shot .
tr	I	Now they were trying as best they could to deal with it and they had all landed in this situation .
tr	O	I 'm all closed off and I need to have control more than other men .
tr	I	He didn 't seem to care , but in seconds , a rainstorm had visited the front of his white shirt .
tr	I	He tracked me , and I was moving with vampire speed .
tr	O	She finally pushed open the umbrella and she crossed their front lawn .
tr	I	I love you , Sawyer ... and I don 't want to hold back being with someone I love .
tr	O	He took me by surprise , and I squealed a little bit .
tr	O	When the prickle came , it felt familiar , and I welcomed the soporific effect of the cold liquid spreading through my body .
tr	O	I am on my first vacation in years , and I am in an exotic location .
tr	O	There was a long pause as she waited for Devlin to answer , and Chester smiled .
tr	I	I took advantage of it , and I knew she had a thing for me .
tr	O	I start by picking up the clothes from outside the tent , and Derrick cleans up all the open food containers .
tr	I	A large animal came into view , and there was an odd rustling sound .
tr	O	I had nowhere to go , Lily , and I loved you so much .
tr	I	His c * ck dug deeper , and he thrust .
tr	O	I felt his hands tightening around my neck , and he began squeezing .
tr	O	Adele had voiced a wish to retire and he had immediately risen to escort her .
tr	I	It sounded like she was talking in another language but the teacher called on him to answer the question .
tr	O	It was black , and the rock gleamed as if it were wet .
tr	O	They were the enemy and the court was the battleground .
tr	I	He looked at her and her breathing intensified .
tr	I	The longer the trial dragged on , the more blame the jurors would heap upon the party now calling the witnesses , and the jury was sequestered .
tr	I	I nearly drop it and the gun blasts back against my grip .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to kill anybody , and neither was Eve .
tr	O	She avoided using his name again , and I appreciated it .
tr	I	I bit down on my lip to keep from crying out , and my shoulder screamed in protest .
tr	I	Junior returned his attention to Tucker , and the shifter reared back .
tr	O	It took me longer than usual , but I managed to lose everyone else .
tr	O	George was determined to prove that the house was his kingdom and we were his servants , bound to obey his every wish .
tr	I	I told her I was sure he would , and Arlene asked me if I thought that handsome Dennis Pettibone would be coming by .
tr	O	He 'd never done that before , looked back , and he didn 't like it .
tr	O	He asked her about school , and Janelle answered his questions as she stared down at her plate .
tr	O	She was still unconscious and Kate was with her .
tr	O	The voice is like a punch to my gut and I 'm instantly still , every nerve ending frozen .
tr	I	I frowned and she shook her head .
tr	I	The couple will marry after a whirlwind courtship , and they 'll introduce them two years from now .
tr	I	It was too blurry but I studied the reflection .
tr	I	He 'd made it clear he could never forgive what she 'd done , but she knew he cared for her .
tr	O	She tried to keep her mind off of it , but she always ended up thinking about her impending capture .
tr	O	I know you may think it does , but the world doesn 't revolve around you !
tr	O	Mary Ann followed Alain as he strode across the floor , but she couldn 't keep up .
tr	O	My mouth opened to say something in my defense , but none came out .
tr	O	He looked a little conflicted but he finally nodded .
tr	O	She wanted to go with him , but her sudden fear held her back .
tr	O	I nodded , and before I knew it , Liam was tying the rope around us .
tr	I	I knew she no longer expected me to do so and she knew I would not open my door unless asked .
tr	I	They had decided to take a wild gamble on scaring Gabrielle into going public about the affair , and the White House was desperate .
tr	O	I moved to leap down , but Icarus 's shout stopped me .
tr	I	Finding nothing , they then came into my sitting room , but they rushed around in there .
tr	I	Kissed him back and * * * Lily slung her arm around Adrien 's neck .
tr	I	Soon they 'd find help , and soon they 'd reach it .
tr	O	I told him that I could not explain it -- but I knew that marrying me would his life was in danger .
tr	I	Yet I understood , and his eyes spoke a language I 'd never heard .
tr	I	Cisco was the official leader and many of our people , including the captain , had died of the fever .
tr	O	The wolf is still sitting , but at least he appears interested .
tr	I	The stereo 's volume joined in harmony and the heater was on full blast .
tr	I	It was as if you just disappeared , but I looked everywhere for you .
tr	O	Their knees were almost close enough to touch , and she could feel his heat radiating toward her .
tr	O	I see him wince at the word ' vampire ' but I ask anyway , still stuck on the previous statement .
tr	I	It looked like the boys had gone out somewhere , but it was only ten p.m. at this point .
tr	O	She holds up a jar to my nose , and I pull away from her hand , one of the leaves rubbing against my nose .
tr	I	That would lead to the book , and if the Seventh took on my role at Glory Academy he would assume my quarters .
tr	O	His final justification rested on two of them being definitely connected to the northeast , and perhaps Baumann 's trail could be reassessed from there too .
tr	I	His eyes narrowed as he surveyed the thicket , trying to find the speaker , but he didn 't answer .
tr	I	They entered together , and she waited for him to unlock the door .
tr	I	She gave him those for his sash , and soon all that remained were her panties .
tr	I	I wanted to squirm , and he studied my face .
tr	I	She kept her voice light , but she felt a rollercoaster of emotions .
tr	I	We hooked up every night for the next week and I spent the night with him .
tr	O	He issued a command , but it was almost a request .
tr	O	I 've hurt so many people and I 'm still doing it .
tr	O	This person was only a few yards away , and she must have been very quiet for Jane not to have noticed her .
tr	O	Father could not say no to her , and Ji Hu was also happy to be able to go to the school .
tr	I	With a quick look at Akane he closed his mouth firmly but Ranma started to say something .
tr	I	I let him kiss my hand , and he swept me a bow .
tr	I	His calculating mind began processing it carefully , deciding whether he had room for it within his intellect , and it was a new mood .
tr	I	When he took my hand , I felt his heat even through my gloves , and Emerald briefly shone from his eyes .
tr	O	For a moment she 'd actually let herself believe she and Jude might be able to have more than just a fling .
tr	I	He 'd bested her and she 'd challenged him .
tr	I	Janet wanted nothing to do with slowing it down but their relationship was moving incredibly fast .
tr	I	Now wasn 't the time to bring up her other problems , and the conversation hadn 't gone as smoothly as he 'd hoped .
tr	O	The rain hadn 't started , but the wind was already strong .
tr	O	Her face fell , and her body shook .
tr	O	My arm burned where his fingers dug into my skin , but he refused to answer me .
tr	O	No other words were needed as I helped him strip off his clothes and he took the rest of mine off as well .
tr	I	Father agrees with me that such a course might be a bit extreme in this case , but we could separate them by building fires with them .
tr	I	Paul shifted his body to block his view , and Morgan eyed Andra 's sleeping form .
tr	O	They were fearsome warriors , but they were also slow , cumbersome behemoths that could potentially jeopardize the mission .
tr	O	My heart starts beating at rapid speeds and my brain is telling me to run .
tr	O	I knew we didn 't have to be there , but I felt like I wanted to take in everything I could .
tr	I	This one was different but he always felt good when he acquired a new company .
tr	I	It turned out that I would never be able to have kids , but the treatments knocked it out .
tr	I	He felt his eyes closing involuntarily , in the sunlight , and he had been up for most of the previous night .
tr	I	Her eyes widened and Jenny looked around .
tr	O	Unlike his room however , there were plenty of pastel coloured cushions and a colour TV set .
tr	I	He sidestepped quickly into her path , but she attempted to step around him .
tr	I	A great career all lined up , and I 've got a perfect boyfriend back in the city .
tr	O	I 've laughed in the face of overwhelming odds before , but nobody 's laughing now .
tr	O	The air is chilly and she shivers against me .
tr	O	He explored every inch of her mouth with his tongue , and she let him .
tr	O	Amanda looked up then , smiling , and Carol reached for her daughter again .
tr	O	Her hand was trembling and she paused to clear her throat twice while she was dialing .
tr	O	The quiet in the yard was intense , and I found myself nodding off , exhausted .
tr	O	The leg was draining freely , fresh blood now , but he could see that the poison had also drained .
tr	I	Her head rested on his chest and he pulled her into his arms .
tr	I	Our gaze met , and she noticed me .
tr	I	She shoved his chest and Akan 's face fell .
tr	I	She can 't get out of bed quick enough and just as I hoped , she is so excited .
tr	O	Yes , she was , and the closer she was to him , the more that basic part of herself wanted to be with him .
tr	I	He was going to miss that along with every other wonderful thing about Luna , and she had a gift for making him laugh .
tr	O	I really like him , but everything is too easy .
tr	I	He hated her for that and she always wanted to be in the limelight .
tr	O	The instructor 's voice was soft , and I followed her command with pleasure .
tr	I	He was surprised that they were indeed open , even on New Year 's Eve and the store advertised 24 hour service , 365 days a year .
tr	I	While they had their charms , none of them compared to this , and I 'd eaten at a lot of fancy restaurants in my day .
tr	I	He could feel his hold slipping with each passing minute but Ransom was trying hard to hold on to his temper .
tr	I	I climbed to the platform , and Miles was up the watchtower , standing sentry .
tr	O	You make it through today , and I 'll hire you .
tr	I	He decided to let it pass , but he only cared about results .
tr	I	His .38 were missing and both the list of names Nic had given me .
tr	I	She didn 't even know where to go with that , and that was a wonderful gesture .
tr	O	Granted , his tone might have been a little snappy , but this wasn 't the time for chitchat .
tr	O	He didn 't have any money on him , or he would 've given it all to the child .
tr	I	Nolen nodded and he asked .
tr	O	I was pregnant with his baby , but I couldn 't tell him because he had impregnated me from his god form , not his mortal form .
tr	I	That 's forward , and there is only one way out .
tr	I	He 'd never called her before , but they spoke at the office whenever they passed each other .
tr	O	Everyone told me not to and I stood up for you .
tr	O	We go to Francesca 's room and I rap quickly on the door .
tr	I	Then she didn 't come home , and she went to work at the Ten Bel s two nights ago .
tr	I	Then she was gone , and she waved at me .
tr	I	She groaned and my hips pressed into hers .
tr	O	I 'd just walked in from outside , so I pretended it was from that , but really it had been my nerves .
tr	O	Except Dale said it was the enemy and he was ready to take out the enemy .
tr	I	The lot was littered with debris of all kinds , and dozens of big cardboard boxes were scattered around .
tr	I	A resolve that made me tense , and there was a calculation there now .
tr	O	I wave , and her eyes grow HUGE like when she saw the wild green parrots in the park .
tr	O	The streets of the town were not paved and the downtown walkways were made with wooden planks .
tr	O	He hadn 't really liked him , but he still felt sorrow at the death of someone that he had known , however briefly .
tr	I	We reported to him on all our cases , and he was the one who backed Gerald 's paranormal investigation business .
tr	O	He hears a woman 's voice softly calling , but he cannot make out the words .
tr	O	Penetrating cold bit into my fingers and climbed up my arms .
tr	I	It was useless , as my world went dark , but I struggled to hold on to the here now .
tr	I	I admired the buildings , and the taxi driver stopped at the light at one of the boulevards .
tr	O	For two long breaths it seemed that Myo was the only thing in the world moving , and his desperation made him move fast .
tr	O	He 'd force her to stop and she felt that she didn 't dare stop now .
tr	O	Aric cut the ribbon in one snip , and the crowds cheered .
tr	O	His voice rose again , and he lifted her feet from the ground , shaking her violently .
tr	I	They were too busy not taking care of her , and he was too busy with taking care of Mom .
tr	O	The door opened , and the blood drained from my face when I saw who was on the other side .
tr	I	This time he hiked it over her waist , and only this time , it was in the back .
tr	O	He grabbed my hands and pinned them on either side of my head , digging his h * ps into me again .
tr	I	We start into the maze and Light bursts into the sky .
tr	I	They just had time to pile into a pickup driven by Jason Hamilton and Ruthie dragged him out to the parking lot .
tr	I	In this case either choice feels selfish , but usually I would try to decide what the most selfless choice would be .
tr	O	Aria said it was because her dad snored , but the house had been awfully quiet that night .
tr	I	I let out a scream of agonizing horror , wheeling in nausea and the pain was indescribable .
tr	I	I wondered if he was thinking about my words , and he was quiet .
tr	I	I thought longingly of the bed upstairs with its fluffy , white comforter and though it was only seven , I was exhausted .
tr	O	Maybe it was a wrong number and it would stop .
tr	I	I saw her lie back down and she laughed .
tr	I	Mary 's hands fell in a familiar pattern behind her daughter 's head and Paola surrendered .
tr	O	Stella elbowed me in the side and I playfully pushed her back .
tr	O	Mrs. Clark 's familiar rap at the door startled him from his reverie , and he opened the door expecting to see her sour face .
tr	O	He clenched his jaw , and the pain flared again .
tr	O	He had very little time and yet time seemed to slow .
tr	I	It 's a feeling that I don 't ever want to lose , and I 've never felt this way before .
tr	I	Over the centuries she 'd learned to manage it , but something that affected her flying .
tr	I	Then I hang up the phone , and we exchange a few more quick pleasantries .
tr	O	He hadn 't seen Jasmine for ten years and those years had been very good to her .
tr	I	She knew what she wanted to answer , and she knew what he asked .
tr	O	His breathing slowed a little and he looked up at me .
tr	I	With some power , I pushed it , to be heard and I saw a ring bell button .
tr	O	Nevada told me to stop or my fingers would drop off .
tr	O	Mr. Hunter opened his mouth to speak but Bunny raised her hand to stop him .
tr	O	Clearly my outbursts are growing on him -- or he understands .
tr	I	Only then did I realize that I hadn 't pushed my goggles down off my forehead , and my eyes were beginning to sting .
tr	I	I still had two working legs but the bus might have been gone .
tr	I	There was something distinctly off now , but his face hadn 't changed in the thousands of years that Will knew him .
tr	O	Jonas felt murderous all over again but he held on to his temper .
tr	I	Sam was far away , but I could still feel our connection .
tr	I	The silence seemed to stretch on forever , and chewing slowly , he watched me eat .
tr	O	My ability may be rare , but it can only help me .
tr	O	Before he could answer a knock came at the door and Kyle poked his head in .
tr	O	He wished that wasn 't so pessimistic , but she didn 't seem to notice .
tr	O	The driver 's door opened slowly and a woman emerged .
tr	O	I want to punch her , but she gets there first .
tr	O	She stared blankly back at him and he felt his chest tighten again .
tr	O	I 'd thought his finger had felt good , but his tongue was something else altogether .
tr	I	He liked the feel of her beneath his arm while they watched an NBA game , but not so much the porch sitting .
tr	I	Preston jumped in , but I opened my mouth to speak .
tr	I	The second half started , and the whistle blew .
tr	O	Hardly a minute ago the trees were alive and some with luscious looking fruit .
tr	I	She saw that he was as scared as she was , and the corner of his eye twitched .
tr	O	When the ushers had collected the buckets the lights were turned off and an intense blackness fell .
tr	I	He turns off the engine , but I open the car door .
tr	I	It might be another dancer , or it might be the guards .
tr	I	I felt that panic swallow me whole and the letter came back to mind .
tr	O	David knew his company was in trouble but he didn 't know about the hostile take-over .
tr	I	He slid an arm quietly around her , and Amara leaned in close against him .
tr	I	The noxious odor of burning tortilla chips permeates the air and a loud hiss comes from the corner of the kitchen .
tr	I	I wanted to know more , and the more people who knew , the harder it would be to keep it from David .
tr	O	The windows were heavily tinted over and only vague shapes could be seen .
tr	O	Suits are in the closet on the right , but you don 't have to wear one .
tr	O	She 'd won and she knew it .
tr	O	I struggled against Levi again , and he finally relented so I could sit up .
tr	I	I 've got a memory but I may be an idiot .
tr	I	His fingers were cold , like touching an ice cube , and their fingers brushed for a second .
tr	O	His body wanted to give up , yet he couldn 't .
tr	O	Rid your plane of him now and we will try to hold him here , prevent those in hell from reclaiming him .
tr	O	He 's smiling at first , still in the middle of his little game , but when he feels my lips , his smile dissolves .
tr	I	His eyes held what looked like genuine warmth , and it gave his sharp face a relaxed look she wasn 't really used to seeing .
tr	I	The best part was nowhere to be found , being with loved ones , but Christmas was all around him .
tr	I	He was in no position to take advantage of it , but the quarterback position held a certain status at our school .
tr	O	My legs shuddered beneath me , but I wouldn 't admit to fear .
tr	I	It starts to wear on me , and there 's a lot of chattering going on .
tr	I	She 'd brought death with her , and she 'd come here .
tr	I	There wasn 't one , but I looked for a redial button .
tr	I	I 'd learned to get around that , but he had my life planned out .
tr	O	They had gone into town and even though Anna knew it was long shot , she still checked with the post office .
tr	I	Sam jerked me away and he reached out to touch me .
tr	I	She shook her head , and I pointed to the bottle on the table .
tr	O	She did back then , and she will now too .
tr	I	It isn 't until now that I really look at his face , and his smile is kind .
tr	I	His nostrils flared with the need to take , claim , possess , and he scented her arousal from here .
tr	O	James scans my clothes once again , and with a heavy sigh , he agrees .
tr	I	Keeping our friendships strong and we cared more about the bro code .
tr	O	' Better dead than one of you , ' I shot back , going to leave , but Fabian caught my arm .
tr	O	He dropped the pole to the floor and it clattered away .
tr	O	She seemed subdued , but since she was the cheerleading sponsor , I 'm sure she felt she had to be there .
tr	O	Time was running out , and so far they had not found any food to take back with them .
tr	O	It hurt a lot to lose my father , but at least I got to spend twelve years with him .
tr	I	The medication must have put them to sleep , and they must be in his .
tr	I	He knew he should have , and he hadn 't considered that .
tr	I	I will never do tricks for money and I don 't go out at night .
tr	I	Her hair tumbled around her shoulders and he pulled them out .
tr	O	I told Jill I 'd meet up with her later , but I don 't know if she heard .
tr	O	Luke 's not laughing as hard , but he looks totally amused as he sets his glass down without sipping from it then winks at me .
tr	O	It put me in a coma for a few days , but it didn 't kill me .
tr	O	His voice was gentle and my heart was pounding .
tr	O	Not very many states in the United States , but I 'd like to visit more of them .
tr	O	The coroner reported her blood had indeed been drained , but it hadn 't been sucked .
tr	O	This had been quite a hard one to translate , but she had made an effort .
tr	I	It wasn 't like Gabriel to go sit under a tree , but Kaitlyn was moving blindly toward the trees .
tr	I	Once he 'd stepped onto it , his life had been over , and the one carrot that had started him down the pathway to hell .
tr	O	I handed her my credit card in return for the tiny bottle of liquid gold , and I laughed aloud at the size of it .
tr	I	An unread message sat in my inbox , but the staff knew better than to send actual work to this terminal .
tr	I	I was officially ready to move on , and it was blown .
tr	I	I was nearly knocked off balance and my hair flew into my face .
tr	O	The red eyes of the gargoyles glared back at them , and the snakes slithered in a winding motion .
tr	I	She has been through enough and she 's not a fighter .
tr	I	Aunt Jen flanked their daughter , taking her hands and Mike got a close-up of Uncle Harold as he .
tr	O	It was what his morals demanded and his father would have expected of him .
tr	I	As they writhed on the ground , Altair finished them , and he thrust the body into the third , who fell .
tr	I	I thought I knew them all , and I 've never heard of that team .
tr	I	I felt fear and I was in the presence of a visible angel .
tr	O	Minho was on the ground , but slowly getting to his feet .
tr	I	The heat is just all-consuming and we have a few weeks left of school .
tr	I	It came out sounding more biting but I tried to say it calmly .
tr	O	How close are they Lizzie thought , but she didn 't dare turn around .
tr	I	She released her grip on him , and Harry let go of her coat .
tr	I	Their eyes met in the comradeship of men who have been in danger together , and he shook Frank 's hand .
tr	O	He blew gently against her nape , and a shiver slid through her body .
tr	I	When I can 't answer he 'll smell a rat and the policeman will come back with a barrage of Turkish .
tr	I	She didn 't , but he expected her to draw away from him in disdain .
tr	I	He chuckled and I nodded .
tr	O	He held the door to the back open and she walked through .
tr	I	Now I 'm curious , but I don 't plan to spend more time with them .
tr	I	I realized I was shaking uncontrollably , and Cole squeezed my arm .
tr	O	His arms opened and she leapt into them .
tr	I	It went wide , but he fired again .
tr	O	The demon chased me , and as I turned to look over my shoulder , something whizzed by my cheek .
tr	I	She hadn 't done anything to avoid it and she had known that this storm was coming .
tr	O	I had to get away from him , but I also wanted to be in France .
tr	O	I meekly nod as everyone 's eyes return to me and he continues .
tr	O	Her hand slipped back into her sleeper , and she turned on her back to stare at the low ceiling of the tent .
tr	O	They 've chased the guards back , but they won 't stay there forever .
tr	O	The odd thing is that I no longer remember what I wore , but I know I chose it carefully , anticipating a meeting .
tr	I	It 's a route I 've walked hundreds of times , usually with Karou , and Location Three isn 't far .
tr	O	I looked up intending to be forceful , but my lower lip trembled .
tr	I	Caine had cleared away their dishes and all too swiftly they were finished with the waffles .
tr	I	She was doing it but she wasn 't happy about it .
tr	O	It was a butterfly kiss , a quick brush of lips on skin , but as she pulled away , she knew she was blushing .
tr	I	She 'd lost her baby , too and now Steve was out of her life .
tr	O	He was her creation , and her instinct urged her to protect him .
tr	I	Even so , they were too late , but it was only a few short moments till they got there .
tr	I	Maybe it was just the tiredness , but he wasn 't usually so abrupt .
tr	O	I tried to reach for the images , but it was like trying to grab air .
tr	O	Hunters who allowed emotion to overrule reason were doomed to failure and he couldn 't fail in this .
tr	O	The theater was in downtown Brooklyn , and soon they came to a crossing of the roads .
tr	O	It had taken her a while to identify it , but at last she had realized that she was lonely .
tr	I	I was instantly filled with trepidation and Low moans echoed throughout the halls .
tr	I	I could imagine the smile on her face and she said .
tr	I	He even followed it up by shaking his head , and there was a stiff , disapproving edge to his gaze .
tr	I	This wasn 't the one they 'd used before but he helped her into the vehicle .
tr	I	I could do nothing to pull it out and my foot slipped into the space between two broken boards .
tr	I	I was helping her fill out college applications , and we 're similar in age .
tr	O	Someone needed to guard it , and Perry needed Brooke for her eyes .
tr	O	Maddox found Reyes in the foyer , but the warrior was not alone .
tr	I	I flicked it open with my good hand and a builder 's toolbox lay beside the hoist .
tr	I	He spat on her gift , and she breathed life into that creature , made him the highest celestial being in her order .
tr	I	I 'm counting my blessings , but I can 't believe I still have a job after missing work for weeks .
tr	I	Her hair was messy and her cheeks were flushed .
tr	O	The box settled on the floor , and she heard feminine voices nearby .
tr	I	I had to rely on other senses to get by , and I 've always thought it was because I was blind .
tr	O	His voice becomes softer and I strain to listen .
tr	I	He was still pelted with rubble , but Luke darted out of the way .
tr	O	They lined up at the starting line and the gun went off with a bang !
tr	O	He said he wanted to come see all of Mab 's treasures , but really , I think he just wanted to socialize with his clients .
tr	I	He relaxed his own grip just enough that she could breathe , and she locked both hands around his wrist to support her weight .
tr	O	The cops had lost the submarine which had taken some kind of alien evasive action but the police had not given up !
tr	O	No , I 'm not a local and I know how important that is in a small town .
tr	I	Her personality encouraged him , and her intelligence intrigued him .
tr	I	She had to hold back a shiver and they drowned her in darkness .
tr	O	Sugar never told her about Charlie , and she hasn 't taken it well .
tr	I	Calvin set his watch alarm ten minutes earlier and Mike told them what time to be back .
tr	I	She felt irrationally angry , and his words triggered a memory in the back of her mind .
tr	O	The voice was disguised , but he was pretty sure he knew who it was .
tr	O	He groaned and I smiled .
tr	I	Shadows had begun to fill the streets , and Twilight was laying siege to the day .
tr	O	She always leaned on my shoulders and I regularly hugged her .
tr	O	Eileen finally got settled , and we all looked at Mother expectantly .
tr	I	She would like you and you would like her .
tr	I	What sounded like a body hitting the ground , and Claire heard something like a snarl behind them .
tr	I	Some of them were daydreaming , but there was interest in most of their eyes .
tr	I	She stays in his on weekends , and he stays in her dorm on weekdays .
tr	I	He saw two bloody knees peeking beneath a torn skirt and large brown eyes looked up at him .
tr	I	His eyes were dark and his face was pale .
tr	O	It was a rugged trip , but the group was well prepared .
tr	I	Mark quickly held it open with his foot but the door began to close .
tr	I	Her body lay limp and her supple flesh was torn .
tr	O	Something in Mariah 's face had touched him , and he wanted to know why .
tr	I	Brady was also technically work , wasn 't he , but she knew that she was neglecting her work a bit to go see Brady ?
tr	I	He kissed her tenderly -- her eyes , her chin , her mouth , and she looked up at him .
tr	I	He 'd never risk her safety and Nathaniel loved guarding Eloise more than any ward he 'd ever had .
tr	I	He was gazing up at Eva , and his eyes were open .
tr	I	Caroline drew in a sharp breath and Olivia stiffened .
tr	O	Alanna eyebrows pushed together and her eyes grew wide .
tr	O	When she reached Decker , her body paused and her hands rose .
tr	O	I sniffled and he tilted my head up , gripping it firmly between his palms .
tr	O	Olivia moaned at his words and he pulled his mouth away .
tr	O	Someone was sitting on her chest and she found it hard to breath .
tr	I	I know what she 's saying , but I can 't hear her from where I stand .
tr	I	They laughed again , and he truthfully told them that he found it stronger than what he was used to .
tr	I	She found herself scowling for a second , and a gust of cold air blew through her long flowing hair .
tr	O	I knew it was his form of showing ownership , and any other night I would have shoved it off .
tr	O	I don 't belong here , and everything 's already taken .
tr	O	A flicker from her nightmare rose in her mind , but she shook her head , tossing the thought away .
tr	I	We didn 't have any chance to talk about it , but Doc listened .
tr	I	When she had nightmares , she did the same thing , and she 'd learned to keep her screams silent , internal .
tr	I	The production schedule was planned to coincide with pending FAA approvals , and obtaining permits from one stage to the next occupied a great deal of time .
tr	I	I clutched his shoulders and my blood boiled .
tr	O	Her smile started to fade , and I didn 't like that .
tr	O	I want to ask him what 's going on , but I 'm afraid of this getting out of hand .
tr	O	He took a step toward her father , but Cassie instantly thrust herself in between them .
tr	O	In truth , he didn 't hit me hard , but I stil fel .
tr	O	I moan , and my hands grip the bedpost more tightly .
tr	O	She knew she was on the edge of the cliff , and just the slightest whisper of wind would push her over .
tr	O	Here I am now , ready to show you , and you won 't let go of the damn car .
tr	O	The sea becomes calm and the sun begins to shine .
tr	O	He 'd been given a second chance , and it was one he would not squander .
tr	O	His smile was so friendly and I loved his red hair .
tr	I	The room started to feel uncomfortably warm , and while I contemplated her accomplishment , a silence fell between us .
tr	I	I make the effort , anyway , but I 'm trying to look over at them , knowing I 'm too far away to read them .
tr	I	He had heard her , yet she had not spoken the words aloud .
tr	O	The armor is a kind of living organism and it feeds continually from us as we wear it , as it also strengthens us .
tr	O	Normal y the irritation surrounding me would be unbearable , but catching up on lost sleep seemed to help .
tr	I	The kid just continued on , but Allie thought she saw him leaping into a kid eating ice cream .
tr	O	Kenzie 's eyes bugged , and she threw up her hands .
tr	I	He was lightly stroking it with his fingertips and my right arm was across Jackson 's chest .
tr	O	It was also getting awkward as other patients and hospital staff had started noticing her .
tr	O	She forgave me , and I was her little boy again .
tr	I	She was no more ready for him now , and she had been totally unprepared for Schuyler Kimball a week ago .
tr	I	I follow her silent instruction and she closed her eyes completely .
tr	I	Then Madame Dabney floated by , but he 'd obviously forgotten that I was also capable of throwing him down those stairs .
tr	O	Her gaze lowered to his bared throat and her tongue darted out to caress her lush lower lip .
tr	I	Davion set the box down , and Father Corin bowed his head .
tr	O	Harold has gone grey and his eyes have begun to bleed .
tr	O	My degree was in business , and I had a minor in the French language , though what good what that do me in the real world ?
tr	O	The pulse shield takes most of the damage but the force sends Warrior into another uncontrolled spin .
tr	O	I 'm glad she did it , but since she 's been gone , it 's like the oxygen is missing from the air I breathe .
tr	O	I 'm about to smash my lips against his , unable to control myself , but he stops me , reaching for me .
tr	O	I didn 't mean it to sound flirtatious , but it totally did .
tr	I	In the sound she heard the wellspring of his loss , and he sighed .
tr	I	His eyes are dark with anxiety and Sebastian 's brow is furrowed with concern .
tr	I	He touched her shoulder to tell her to be still , but she stirred under him .
tr	I	He had not eaten beets , and his sheets were covered in bright red .
tr	O	The coaches left and the players spoke .
tr	I	She hung up the phone and * * * Tears streamed .
tr	I	I got her voicemail , and she didn 't answer .
tr	O	I wanted to say something , but I felt like I had no breath at all .
tr	O	I hoped that it was a very , very secluded lake , and Nate was the only one who got to catch the show .
tr	O	He wanted to say his tasted a little like Spearmint gum but something in his head told him that it was a lie .
tr	O	Miss Black won 't give me another chance , and I don 't want one .
tr	O	Stacy understood the feeling of not fitting in all too well , but running had never made it better .
tr	I	He shakes his head and Doctor Hartman 's eye narrows .
tr	I	I was ushered inside by a tall woman whose eyes lingered on me just long enough to confirm my identity , and the front door opened .
tr	O	The door opened and the third MP stuck his head in .
tr	I	It hurt so bad that my hips jerked back away from his a couple of times , but he eased himself in slowly .
tr	O	They know we 're inside and they 've got us surrounded .
tr	O	The creature picked up his skin and flung it over his shoulder .
tr	O	He needed to know how far he could go , and there was a part of her that felt utterly helpless .
tr	O	They all seemed really nice , but she still couldn 't keep her nerves totally calm .
tr	I	I stumble into the bathtub , slipping on the bottom and the movement sends me forward .
tr	I	He was a systematic lover and this was happening too fast .
tr	O	They were under the skeletal shuttle and Mimas was standing next to the support structure for the aft fuselage .
tr	I	His face was smudged with smoke , and Catfish was sweating despite the cold .
tr	I	Then he 'd just chase me , but I could run .
tr	I	That wouldn 't be in the Christmas spirit , but I kind of want to smash the radio .
tr	O	Hanna looked at Kate , and Kate gave her a saccharine smile .
tr	O	The words of greeting froze on her lips and she turned into the hallway .
tr	O	I know that some bad things happened , but in the end , even the dark side of you chose the path of light .
tr	O	I had big plans for us , and I was looking forward to all the things we were going to do together as he got older .
tr	I	I stayed here at Avery Hall with Mother , and he spent all of his time in London .
tr	O	Will holds the paper up in front of him that contains the tallied scores , and he rips it right down the middle .
tr	I	She had some explaining to do , and he wasn 't a bad guy , really .
tr	I	She did , his pleasure a trigger for her own , but he didn 't expect her to come again so quickly .
tr	O	The blue faded , and everyone returned to normal .
tr	I	Maybe it was best that I hadn 't , but I hadn 't even given a thought to what I was to bring home to father .
tr	I	I only have notes , but I 'll need to write the third essay .
tr	I	I nod , and he asks .
tr	I	My chest was heaving as I looked at him and the sun was hot .
tr	O	He saw fear , but he saw trust .
tr	I	I was pretty sure he was trying to lessen my pain , but I wasn 't sure if he was telling me the truth .
tr	I	I had , but the voice of the god had not changed in all those years .
tr	I	I wouldn 't still be here , fighting on , or mama didn 't raise any quitters .
tr	I	Mo slowly shook his head , but Lee slowly began to reach for his knife .
tr	I	I play with her hair , breathing in her vanilla scent and she rests her head on my chest .
tr	O	A sharp slap rocked the head on my shoulders and I blinked open my eyes .
tr	I	There was too much of him and Nicolas was too heavy .
tr	I	His hair was a bushy tangle and he was dressed in filthy clothing .
tr	I	Her words painted the rest , but before , I only had half a portrait of her .
tr	I	I don 't want to die and I 'm pretty scared right now .
tr	I	He was , but he knew it was too soon after their reunion to be in love with her .
tr	O	The mobile phone buzz stirred him in the bed but he ignored .
tr	O	I couldn 't answer why I felt a bond to a girl who seemed intent on scaring me away , but the Scott thing was easy .
tr	O	I wanted to offer him a small smile , but I couldn 't bring myself to do even that .
tr	O	I hated to admit it , but hers was brighter than the one I still sported .
tr	I	I also wanted to avoid having any more dreams , and I knew there might be some clues in there .
tr	I	The unbroken light illuminated the stage and the birds overhead once again scattered .
tr	I	He 'd missed the days post by a long way and by the time K left the cottage it was after nine .
tr	I	We see eye to eye , and here we help each other .
tr	I	The terrifying hiss cut off , and the plastic goo hardened instantly .
tr	O	It was a large workload , but it was all the staff they had .
tr	I	I glanced at him and Roth took my hand in his .
tr	I	I know she 's not happy about it but she nods her agreement .
tr	I	I shall lie in it and I 've made my bed .
tr	O	Matt Michaels is on his way , and he 'll shut the preserve down as soon as he gets here .
tr	O	Jack then quickly stepped back to pull his Starr out , but the small man struck quickly with the case , hitting his gun arm .
tr	I	I watch myself disappear inside her and my eyes lower to our connection .
tr	I	He picked it up , and the telephone on his desk rang .
tr	I	This was one of hers and a lady was entitled to her secrets .
tr	O	It wasn 't a question , but I felt the need to respond .
tr	I	She only cried out again , but he slapped her .
tr	I	I could only fear what they might be capable of , and most of them had already trained their vast array of weapons on us .
tr	I	He wasn 't worried about Eric , his grandson - but he was worried about his daughter , our mother .
tr	O	He loved the most difficult woman he 'd ever met , and he couldn 't imagine his life without her .
tr	I	Instead , she looked ready to laugh , but I was afraid I would see something there that would upset me .
tr	I	Mexico threatened half a dozen nations in South America and when I started , Belize was in ruins .
tr	I	Without further pomp , we were again on the move , and the wheels of the vehicle bounced forward .
tr	O	Jax 's voice was warm , and he stroked soft fingers against my wrist , sending shivers of arousal through my body .
tr	I	My voice might have been a tiny bit shaky , but I managed not to stammer .
tr	I	Almost from the beginning of my imprisonment I have known of you , but I know little of my past .
tr	O	His hot skin burned my fingers , and the way he moaned into my mouth set me afire .
tr	I	That would have been ridiculous , but Suicide was selfish enough .
tr	O	Most of the time his security staff assured him hate mail was harmless , but one particular type of letter had come in repeatedly .
tr	O	The jeep was dead , no fear of fire , but still he wanted all that explosive potential away from the gas tank .
tr	I	I like it , but I have no idea what he 's going to do .
tr	I	He refused this , but there was some talk of dressing him fine too .
tr	I	I purposely avoid his eyes , and he pulls away from me .
tr	I	Mookie 's knife was sharp , but I was awkward about it .
tr	I	He stops me with a firm finger on my chin , but I start to turn my head away .
tr	O	My fingertips brush the curve of his ear , and he shivers in reaction .
tr	I	He nodded , and I said .
tr	I	I was actually running from her but she probably thought I saw something .
tr	O	Gwen opened her mouth to protest , but Gareth overrode her .
tr	I	She pulled off to the side of the road and Emily cried out as the pain became almost unbearable .
tr	O	I 'll just sit here quietly , and you two can ignore me completely .
tr	O	It 's soft , but she is crying .
tr	O	It is not cruel and it is not judging .
tr	O	There was no noise , no sound of confidence , but it fit ; my heart leapt sickly .
tr	I	Watching Voss , breathless from the expression on his face , she pulled some away , and Angelica felt the smooth leaves beneath her fingers .
tr	I	Flushed in the sand and she was tempting , lying there half nak * d .
tr	O	There was too much of her to take in at once , and my eyes were everywhere , trying to drink in every detail .
tr	I	Today was turning out to be more stressful than normal , to put it mildly , but he hadn 't smoked in two years .
tr	I	Legend was often a lie told by the gods to fool mortals , but Legend claimed it had been killed by Hermes .
tr	O	They 're going to send someone to check , and I 'm sure that 's a bad thing something to avoid .
tr	O	It had to provide an adrenaline rush like nothing I experienced before , and I wanted to try it .
tr	O	I 'm sad sometimes , but it doesn 't mean I need you to stay home from your trip .
tr	I	Stone crumbled to the ground and he punched the wall again .
tr	O	She was obviously a bit unorthodox but that seemed rather charming to Phoebe .
tr	I	That first one will always hold a special place in my heart , but over the last three years , I 've taught dozens of classes .
tr	I	It almost seemed like he 'd done it to distract me , and it was the first time he 'd touched me on purpose .
tr	I	Now Vicki was everything he loved in a woman , wrapped up in one gorgeous package , but she 'd been a pretty teenager .
tr	O	A chill rolled across Levana 's skin , but she managed to maintain her baffled expression .
tr	I	With his lips creating havoc within her body she couldn 't even remember the pain , but Mary tried to think about the pain .
tr	O	I turned , not expecting her to follow , but she did , pausing just inside my room while I crossed to the dresser .
tr	I	I did it for her , and this was the only way .
tr	O	Vanessa 's gun was trained on me and I wondered if it would 've helped if my gun license had come through .
tr	I	She knew I cared about her and I knew she cared about me .
tr	O	These wouldn 't be my first choice of companions but still better than going in alone .
tr	O	He walked past my table , and Kira tapped me on the thigh with her purple pom-pom pen .
tr	I	Everyone in the cavern leans in to hear what is about to be said , and Lennox asks .
tr	I	Charlie rode up with the two uniforms and the three detectives took the elevator first .
tr	I	The soft smell of her hair wafted through his nostrils and Chuck leaned over .
tr	I	For a moment , I couldn 't speak , and my gut squeezed , horribly .
tr	O	I picked it up , and it was warm in my hands .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one who got distracted , and Greg Slade was impossible not to watch during class .
tr	I	I was in no rush to leave the warm kitchen but looking at my phone , I knew I should be heading home .
tr	O	She wanted to say she was doing it for Kirsty , but the lump in her throat was too large to circumvent .
tr	I	You 're now involved with Sebastian Stott , and I know you were involved with Belinda White .
tr	I	Neil left and they kissed .
tr	I	I try anyway , but it feels impossible to explain .
tr	I	The LCD began blinking , and the beeping stopped .
tr	I	The shack was miles away from a cell phone tower but this was definitely an emergency .
tr	O	He didn 't trust Eric about the houses either , but when Graham was leader , that wouldn 't matter .
tr	I	She doubted they were clever enough to have drugged that , and that was more than enough to keep her hydrated .
tr	O	The impact knocked me back and my spine hit the metal shelves .
tr	I	His lips found my neck instead , and I turned my head .
tr	I	I opened the one Noelle pointed to , and half a dozen lockers lined the left wall .
tr	O	I kept watching him , but if he had a theory , he kept it to himself .
tr	O	I was no doctor , but I 'd never seen someone so bloody .
tr	I	Garrett steered onward , toward the horizon , but the sky was beginning to turn leaden .
tr	I	He pulled the dress over her head , forcing her arms up with it and she clamped her mouth shut .
tr	O	Cammie held up her arms for Travis to pick her up , but Donovan stood , lifting her into his arms .
tr	I	I will be gentler with the boy and ' Let me pass once more .
tr	O	I was told to eat it , and I found that when I ate it I could control the curse .
tr	O	The Official she was watching earlier has moved closer to us , but she doesn 't notice .
tr	I	It could go from bad to worse really fast , and I know that if I panic , my heart rate will go up .
tr	O	JT stands up awkwardly , but Aimee isn 't moving .
tr	O	I snatch the keys off the ground , and they clink together in my hands .
tr	I	I must admit it made me so excited to see him again , and the girls hammered me over Seth .
tr	O	The nostalgia that had suddenly washed over rapidly dissipated , and an overwhelming fear took its place .
tr	O	Right now his body is safely in a Med Chamber and what is going on is all happening in his mind .
tr	I	My eyes drifted down to the perfect heart arch , and her lips parted , her breath picking up pace .
tr	O	When he spread my legs , my hands curled into fists and I sucked in as much air as my lungs would hold .
tr	O	Given enough time , he might be able to repair the wires , but he would never be able to get the damned thing airborne .
tr	I	I almost want to squirm , and Gage is still watching me closely .
tr	I	It makes my chest hurt and it seems so farfetched when I think about it .
tr	I	He laughed and it rocked slightly under his weight .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but the idea sounded good .
tr	I	I had a further flash of gratitude that he didn 't taste like blood and our tongues twined together .
tr	I	His eyes twinkled and his paper curled down .
tr	O	The ground turned upwards , and the walking became a little more difficult .
tr	O	His own back throbbed viciously as if he 'd been slammed against the wall too , but he didn 't care .
tr	O	It would only hurt him but in the whole time they 'd been apart that was the most outrageous thing she 'd almost done .
tr	O	It was a fact that grieved Eve , but there was nothing to do for it now .
tr	O	His movement had forced her thighs even wider , and he settled his hips in the notch .
tr	O	News traveled fast even though it was stil early , but the most shocking part was Lea stood among them .
tr	O	He kissed her , touched her , pulled the gown from her shoulders , and she let him .
tr	I	The bond was there just the same but he hadn 't known Evy for long .
tr	O	I made it several feet before the ground abruptly gave way , and I found myself airborne .
tr	I	I 'm struck by his green eyes , and he looks sidelong at me .
tr	I	This was going to be over in a damn hurry , or I drew a couple of deep breaths to calm myself down .
tr	I	They learned to love each other , and they 'd learned to live together .
tr	O	I know you 're thinking I still had the big picture to think about , but ironically , I 'd landed exactly where I wanted to be .
tr	O	The panties were also sheer baby pink but they were covered in rows of tiny , black lace frills , like little girl panties .
tr	O	The odd timing gave the priest pause , but he took Celestino 's hand in his own .
tr	O	I know I should move but I don 't .
tr	O	Call me old-fashioned , but I need more .
tr	I	She kept nailing her answers and the questions kept firing .
tr	I	I knew it was probably only a matter of time , but so far I had been lucky to avoid a sunburn .
tr	O	He pulls back so that he is looking straight into my eyes , and the desire I see there almost makes me come on the spot .
tr	I	She was happy for him and it 'd been a good time in her own marriage .
tr	I	I know the whole pack is looking forward to your mating , and I know what I heard .
tr	O	Trent is not a murderer , and you don 't hate him .
tr	I	My father refused to listen , but my dowry would have allowed us to live a comfortable life .
tr	O	We breach our contracts , and we 'd never be hired in this town again .
tr	I	He was disappointed it was a closed casket , but Dave wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	His shoulder was much worse , but it was just a scrape .
tr	I	The light shining down through the paper made it transparent , and she lifted the sketches from the desk to help her focus .
tr	I	Now I 'm waiting , and I finished his errand .
tr	O	It didn 't affect me quite as dramatically as it did him , but I saw things which made me comfortable with converting too .
tr	I	I hadn 't seen her for a while , and while I didn 't know Zach , Tegan was a friend .
tr	O	The scientist swallowed hard and his eyes focused back on Jackson .
tr	O	He settled for scowling , but it hardly felt punishment enough .
tr	I	You nonstop and your colonel talked about his girlfriend .
tr	I	Managing a sick adult , but that was hard enough !
tr	I	It unsettles me , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	The tears kept coming , but she kept waiting to dry up .
tr	O	The disappointment was extreme , but now that he 'd found his power , there 'd be other opportunities .
tr	O	We did argue over a few things , a bit heatedly , but he wasn 't a jerk .
tr	I	He didn 't resist , and she touched his neck .
tr	I	She licked his hand , and he ruffled her fur gently .
tr	O	It wasn 't as fancy as Cora 's meals , but she looked happy to see it on the table .
tr	O	His hold loosened on me and I jumped from his lap , breathing deeply .
tr	I	He couldn 't speak , and he couldn 't move .
tr	I	Not to bother you at school , but I told him you could discuss it later .
tr	I	She ran away and we fought .
tr	I	She was scared too , but Bridgett was being sarcastic .
tr	O	You besieged our town , and we held you off .
tr	O	Instinctively , she checked the peephole , but that didn 't do any good .
tr	O	At first it was not easily noticeable but over time the changes grew more apparent .
tr	I	Midnight was delayed and like the magic clock had been broken .
tr	O	A loud popping sound rent the air as the joint was wrenched out of place and I was knocked on my ass .
tr	O	Change hurt , and some of the people it was hurting had already tried to strike back .
tr	O	As she reached the doors to the castle , the duke grinned at her , and her dreams shattered .
tr	O	Anderson was nodding slowly , and even Dex seemed troubled .
tr	I	She slumped into him , smelling the expensive cologne on his neck and the heat of his body was irresistible .
tr	I	Thomas Jr. just had their first real family time alone , and that 's when Anna realized she , Thomas .
tr	I	Mouth is gagged and he 's staring at the man who 's hands are tied .
tr	I	Gloria broke in , but the woman started to ask her something .
tr	O	No matter what he took , he almost died and I almost wasn 't there to help him .
tr	I	She kept moving with the rest of them , but Anna 's heart felt like it was going to burst out her chest .
tr	I	He had to get Stewart first but he knew he had to get back to the Conduit .
tr	I	The antiques were sold for over half a million dollars , and as expected , there was a bidding war .
tr	O	All of us knew it , yet we didn 't give you the consideration to tell you what was happening .
tr	O	Finally , she tried the old school , but it was all to no avail .
tr	O	She drops a spoonful of pancake mix onto the griddle and the kitchen fills with the sizzling sound .
tr	O	Two minutes crawled by , but the explosion didn 't come .
tr	I	His attention was now focused upon Luther , his eyes still their beautiful ice blue color , but Cassie turned toward Julian .
tr	O	He 'd asked about Jane Scott 's condition , but his parents refused to tell him anything .
tr	O	The news said he has a criminal record and he dropped out of school two years ago .
tr	O	It 's filled with walking dead ... or it was .
tr	O	I started to extend my hand to shake his , but one glance at his flame tattoo made me stop .
tr	O	It grew slowly louder and Grant realized an exhalation was beginning .
tr	I	I tried to pull away from him and he leaned down to kiss my neck .
tr	O	She did not answer , and I rose from my chair .
tr	I	She grabbed his wrist , stopping him from moving anywhere too intimate and his hand slid upwards .
tr	I	He was ahead of her , but she reached for his buttons .
tr	O	Their mother may have been a dim bulb , but she 'd loved her boys .
tr	O	Funny , every word he said was true but if there wasn 't another set of ears listening , he probably wouldn 't say any of it .
tr	I	That doesn 't explain it , either , but yes , my sister within is a particularly evolved dark master .
tr	O	His shirt was wrinkled , and his hair was tousled .
tr	O	She smiled and I watched her come closer to my desk .
tr	O	They had drunk too much and each man was trying to outdo the others in displaying his prowess on horseback .
tr	O	She pulled the sun visor down and a pair of keys dropped into her lap .
tr	I	I removed my hand from her mouth , and her screams cut off abruptly .
tr	I	The roof was mostly gone , too , and the wood in between had been consumed .
tr	O	There might be no safety anywhere , but she had to try .
tr	O	Elena spotted me first , and I debated running away .
tr	O	Heat burned in his blue eyes , but his lips curved in a smile .
tr	I	She did sound preoccupied , but she didn 't sound particularly unfriendly .
tr	I	Hadley had been the one that pointed it out the first time , and she never got hit on in public .
tr	I	The second one had wings , and there were two creatures now .
tr	O	They 've got a tight hold here , and anti mystic security is way too high .
tr	O	Nora reaches for me , and I tense .
tr	O	Right now I don 't know and I don 't particularly care .
tr	O	He nodded , and his long black hair fell over his face .
tr	O	I stared into the eyes that were an exact replica of mine , and I counted to ten .
tr	I	I don 't see an end to that , and I want to be with her , Piper .
tr	I	It had intensified her fatigue , but the Scotch had calmed her .
tr	O	She knew he 'd pull his hand away then , and she 'd be as she was before .
tr	O	He has a whole clan to care for , new wounded coming in daily , and a war raging around us .
tr	I	Her eyes darted around the trees and her voice quivered when she spoke .
tr	I	Hatch found himself staring into those soulless , unreadable eyes and Kincaid 's head came up .
tr	I	It is all I have but it is a low , immature blow .
tr	O	She 'll try to give her children orders , but they won 't be able to hear her .
tr	O	The alleys were closer together , and the church patrols much less frequent .
tr	I	This time it 's a genuine one , if bittersweet , and I return his smile .
tr	O	His revenge was complete and his evil soul was content .
tr	I	This was much more than that but he heard of guys being curious .
tr	I	Her thoughts were running rampant , but she tried to calm herself .
tr	I	Ted wasn 't nearly as transparent as most people , but she did what she could to read his expression .
tr	I	His eyes were blazing with frustration , and Cedric wore a bandage .
tr	I	He was planning to sneak me out of the house somehow , and he was lying to me about my granddad giving me permission .
tr	O	She playfully slaps my arm again and I cover the area with my hand .
tr	O	I heard a low thud and I jumped up , still searching the shadows for something , someone .
tr	I	I saw it and I was there .
tr	O	He lost her when he was young and he had wanted her back ever since .
tr	I	He saw how her gaze lingered on his fangs , and Mihai only smiled at her .
tr	O	I couldn 't understand why I was losing it ... and I couldn 't stop it either .
tr	I	There will already be hundreds fleeing back , and we do not know how far the army have got .
tr	O	The courtyards of the fort were filled with statues , but they weren 't like statues of little children .
tr	O	He had pointed at a spot about ten feet in the air , some distance off to one side , and that was where he ended up .
tr	O	His smile deepened , damn him , and she stomped her foot .
tr	O	Time to pull out the big guns , or I should say my death ray gun .
tr	I	He remembered it well , but he 's retired now .
tr	I	I will provide you with all the glamour you need , for as long as they are alive , and give me the two humans , Prince .
tr	O	He laughs , but it 's an irritable laugh .
tr	I	Your right arm must 've gotten tangled up in your lap belt somehow and you were thrown from the car .
tr	O	No one had time for that sort of bull now , and to be frankly honest , neither did she .
tr	O	The door connecting the cars opened and a uniformed conductor stepped through .
tr	O	Hands scooped beneath his arms from behind , and suddenly he had an extra boost .
tr	I	Then the old man took Paul 's , and Sofia took Master George 's hand .
tr	I	I was powerless to stop it and there were many incidents similar to this one .
tr	O	It 's going to get better , but you 're wrong .
tr	I	He doubted she was going to like many of them and he had a few things to say to her .
tr	O	I felt the painful pangs of human emotions again , and I realized , with a long-lost shudder , that I felt ashamed .
tr	O	Becca has been involved with theater productions all her life , but this is her first devised piece .
tr	O	More likely , Maddock had hoped that interdiction would be lifted , and he wanted to improve the castle before an official delegation arrived .
tr	O	She had been sleeping well ever since she arrived , but the feeling was too new to take for granted .
tr	I	That didn 't make him popular either , but his brother was well known at school .
tr	O	I pretend that we are other people , somewhere else , and this , too , makes it easier to keep going .
tr	I	He certainly didn 't let his surroundings define who he was and Ty was not a complainer .
tr	O	The king shouted , and the other guards rushed toward them .
tr	O	Correct your behavior or I will correct it for you .
tr	I	He 'll win it and give him a war .
tr	I	He stood up and Pablo 's face got irritated .
tr	O	Her hand closed around something and she brought it out from under the chaise .
tr	O	Her heart raced and her breathing erratic .
tr	I	The stars went black and I dreamt she pulled me close , kissed me , then held me until the sun .
tr	I	Her eyes were big and Zoe 's mouth opened .
tr	O	I screamed as loudly as I could and I heard Ian 's voice in the distance .
tr	I	Rio 's heart sank and he was bleeding heavily .
tr	O	Kara had been roused from the nightmares and she mind filled with the dreams .
tr	I	She tried not to let it bother her , but that concerned her a little .
tr	O	Kellee came out with the little plastic thing in her hand and she was crying again .
tr	I	For a moment he almost looked like a different person , and the barrier that had been there all this time was gone .
tr	O	He 'd help Arik all right , but not for the reasons he thought .
tr	I	She listened anyway but Sofia have no idea why Iris was saying those to her .
tr	O	I pulled out some bills but he waved them off .
tr	I	He wasn 't confident , but Peregrine Pratt was wondering how his complement had gone down .
tr	I	The nails on the door hinges came loose and the crash came again .
tr	O	He didn 't take my hand again and I wondered if that was for the best .
tr	O	Blake waved his hand over the candles , and all the wicks sparked a tiny flame .
tr	I	It is hard to stay in complete isolation , as I am being sure you know , but we kept to ourselves .
tr	O	I gestured him over with my head , and he bounded over like an eager puppy .
tr	O	Like I said , she 's not talking much to me , but I am not about to let her be put at risk .
tr	I	He began to get an erection , and he thought about making love to that wonderful young body .
tr	O	Our systems are really tight and we have shown no breaches .
tr	O	I tipped my weight forward and we both went down on our knees .
tr	I	I nodded to him and Joey looked at me .
tr	O	The leader went down on one knee , and the rest of the party followed suit .
tr	I	When you stop serving it , you won 't be useful to me anymore , and you serve a purpose .
tr	O	A military doctor pronounced the young man to be dead and he was duly released from his containment harness .
tr	O	The peculiar patch of wall continued to perplex Kathy and she approached it slowly .
tr	I	I think he 's taking advantage of the fact that you 're so young and you 're too young to go through something like that .
tr	I	They had fought against each other and they had gone to war together .
tr	O	She knew they had no future together , but she still worried he would walk away when he learned who she was .
tr	O	I leave here as though I 'm being transferred , but instead I go into your witness protection program .
tr	O	I know your point and I understand your anger .
tr	O	There were none to really prepare Amber for what she was about to encounter , but he might as well try .
tr	I	The timing couldn 't be better since she needed a break from everything , and nothing to do for two whole days .
tr	O	His head rolled aside , and then she kicked it off into the grass .
tr	O	I still can 't get used to the idea that it is almost Christmas Day , here , and I am in shirt sleeves .
tr	O	Here a light was on in a second floor window and he could see figures moving behind the window panes .
tr	I	She didn 't have access to the Internet , rendering it useless for their purpose , and Mrs. Dawson 's ancient computer was a dinosaur .
tr	I	Bobo join in , and they made it to the kitchen in silence , then I heard Janet begin to giggle .
tr	I	I can see Fundamental go under again , fresh as the minute it happened and the storm 's inside me already .
tr	I	When she tried to get their attention , they darted away , but Kendra had seen a few twinkling fairies in the woods .
tr	O	They could hear the screams , yet they did nothing .
tr	I	He was smart and he was strong .
tr	O	Here we would talk about buffalo parts , but it makes the same point .
tr	I	The celebration half a bar away instantly died down , and I put my arm around her .
tr	I	He moved in and his eerily green eyes stayed trained on mine , at least until his tangled lashes dropped .
tr	I	Her hands went icy from fright and her whole body shook .
tr	I	Ian completely ignored them , and Ainsley laughed .
tr	I	The blankets too fancy to be comfortable and the bed was too soft .
tr	I	I had to admit that I was eager to see the package that awaited me , and his bulge was apparent from beneath his boxer shorts .
tr	O	The door clicked closed and the lab was thankfully silent .
tr	O	I thought he looked better with just the towel , but I wasn 't going to complain .
tr	I	She found herself telling Paul about her husband , and she continued to reminisce .
tr	I	Edwin just didn 't swing that way , and he was a man .
tr	I	He 'd wait for her to contact him , but he would clear up matters with Blythe .
tr	O	A fist flew at his head , and he simply bent his neck .
tr	I	When he 's not , you go back to that place of pain , and Ian takes that fear from you when he 's around .
tr	I	She didn 't come outside but she watched him out of the window .
tr	O	Many of you don 't know this , but before Ethan died , he wrote me a letter .
tr	O	Everyone looked around , waiting for someone to take the first step , and no one dared to meet my eyes .
tr	I	The longing in his voice made me feel like a voyeur , but I wanted to hear who she was , who made him sound like that .
tr	I	She couldn 't help herself , but honest to God , she really did try not to look at him .
tr	I	I allowed it for a few steps and he pulled again .
tr	O	His already pale hair had whitened further with plaster dust , and his cheeks were streaked with ash .
tr	O	I put my ring on your finger and you became mine after years of torture .
tr	O	My breath catches in my throat , and I press the heels of my hands against my eyes .
tr	O	Garrett tried to talk to her , but she pretended not to hear him .
tr	I	Again it passed after a couple of seconds , but a red curtain descended for the second time .
tr	I	I overheard them exchanging words and they were in the theater .
tr	O	She reached out her hand and he promptly took it , trusting her already .
tr	I	My aunt was nowhere to be seen , but Hunter was working in the dining room .
tr	I	He 's a homicidal genius , but he looks like a Neanderthal .
tr	I	He was wearing the traditional gold-colored mantle , and he was seated on a marble throne .
tr	O	The noises of the night repeatedly startled him , and time moved more slowly than he thought possible .
tr	I	She adored the holiday , the cheer , the parties and snowflakes told her Christmas was around the corner .
tr	I	In reality you haven 't changed , and it 's almost twenty years since we have known each other .
tr	I	She glared right back and he stared at Tess .
tr	I	The usual chaos came into view and we turned onto Tony 's street .
tr	O	His eyes widened and he looked back at Joe .
tr	I	I wracked my brain over how to get to it without making a sound , and there was a door only a few feet away .
tr	I	His lips parted , and her eyes met his .
tr	O	I approached his table and he smiled at me .
tr	I	He knew this one wasn 't right , but he couldn 't remember his own voice .
tr	I	He knew that Argon lived alone , in a stone cottage , on the northern outskirts of Boulder Plains , and he stood near a crossroads .
tr	I	I barely kept my heart from exploding while trying my best to keep breathing , and a rush of blood colored my face .
tr	I	Haddington stopped under each one to hold up the candle and there was a row of paintings hanging from one wall .
tr	O	She just wanted to work him up , to let him feel the pleasure , but she didn 't want him to come , not yet .
tr	O	To crush your opposition , you needed a hammer , and Jace was a much more delicate weapon than that .
tr	O	I arch my body into him , pressing my chest against his , and my nipples tingle .
tr	I	That 's when I found the jaw bone and I wiped my hands off in the dirt .
tr	I	You frown and your eyes narrow .
tr	O	You are the best , and I love you dearly .
tr	O	His voice rose and he looked suspicious .
tr	O	I knew it , yet I didn 't hang up .
tr	O	Hanna 's mouth opened , but no words came out .
tr	I	Clearly that was not going well , and nothing mattered more than fitting in .
tr	O	Owen seemed almost desperate to get news , though , and Zane 's heart went out to all of them .
tr	I	Now they would live , but these people had expected to die .
tr	O	Zane wasn 't sure if he was hurting there , or it just made him feel better to hold it .
tr	O	Abby signed again , but her grandmother acted as if she didn 't need to watch her hands , as if she already knew the answer .
tr	O	She suddenly turned somewhat pale but she managed to conceal it .
tr	O	Her eyes widened and he immediately softened his tone .
tr	I	It seemed a little too unorthodox for me , but he assured me that pregnant women fired guns .
tr	I	Then I walked towards it , but I was bedazzled at first .
tr	I	I had to pace myself , but I could have drunk the whole lot in one go .
tr	O	The bonnet hid my unhappiness , and I was grateful for it .
tr	O	He won 't want to , mind you , but you make him .
tr	I	I shook it off as I sat up , inspecting the bag Mom had tossed at me , but I felt the dream curling around me .
tr	O	The attack ceased as quickly as it had started and the demon raised its head .
tr	O	All of the art is still inside the truck , and it doesn 't look like anything 's been stolen .
tr	I	I 'm flung against the door , and the cage gripes , slanting forward .
tr	I	I don 't hesitate blowing their heads off , and a small herd of Spectators ambush us from the front of the English Building .
tr	I	I shiver , staring up at the trees above us , and his mouth grazes down my throat .
tr	I	I almost smiled when I saw the fire dancing in her eyes and she shook the hair out of her face .
tr	O	Her eyelids snapped open and she sat up quickly .
tr	O	It 's clear she 's said something , but the words are lost to history .
tr	O	He held her hand half an hour ago , but now he is back to keeping his distance .
tr	I	She was still holding back , but she 'd agreed to tonight , exposed a lot of herself .
tr	I	He hadn 't exactly offered up one of his dresser drawers , and she 'd been careful not to leave clothes at his apartment .
tr	I	His laughter , too , echoed across the lake , and he laughed then .
tr	I	In the end , she only sat with the air conditioner running , but she started her car with every intention of leaving .
tr	I	He knew now wasn 't the right time but there was so much he wanted to say to her .
tr	I	His hair shuffling around his face and the cold winter wind whipped up behind him , sending his overcoat fluttering about his legs .
tr	O	Eric had stuck in two bottles of blood , and I moved them over to one side .
tr	I	Her legs started to shake and Sweat slid down her temples .
tr	I	The sight of Armand made him want to cry , but he steadied himself .
tr	I	The sound of the car pulling away , and I hear an engine start .
tr	I	My body responds to him , but it makes no sense .
tr	I	He didn 't launch into a lecture , but he sighed as if in resignation .
tr	I	I wasn 't the only one , and I almost choked on my champagne .
tr	O	If anything , Neil wanted Raven to think he and Gwen were hiding out together .
tr	O	It wasn 't for Anne Marie , but she couldn 't tell Ellen that .
tr	I	I don 't feel like I 've done anything yet , but it feels so good for her to tell me he 's proud .
tr	I	He got nothing for it and that was his last nickel .
tr	I	She 'll start sprinkling holy water all over the place , or you don 't want to flash Maria .
tr	I	Surely there 'd be more to make after , but she wanted to finish it before they married .
tr	O	Jason checked to make sure the tiny metal recorder was still in his pocket , and then he led her by the hand to the next pass .
tr	O	Progress was agonizingly slow , but his patience was eternal .
tr	O	He 'd done whatever he wanted whenever he wanted and I 'd just been there sitting on the sidelines .
tr	I	Opening them sent light splashing into the room , but they were a bit shaky after seventeen years .
tr	I	The bite of nausea was a constant at the back of her throat , and the pounding was getting worse .
tr	O	It 's just that I 've been charged with taking over Elizabeth 's job arranging the Gala and I 've been obsessing about it for two days .
tr	I	Gabriel felt lightheaded , and the pattern fueled .
tr	O	I didn 't tell Friedrich , but he asked me an awful lot of questions about you .
tr	O	The taste of the guy 's mouth stil lingered on her tongue and she wanted to spit .
tr	O	Alaina knew little about medicine but the cuts didn 't appear overly serious .
tr	I	Still everything said by the man seated across from her was incredibly boring , yet her head clouded from the alcohol .
tr	O	This is a dangerous world , and a small mistake like this can cost you a lot .
tr	O	The past several years of my life tumbled through my brain and I realized that I 'd been afraid to graduate from college .
tr	O	Pop moved to the door and I opened the drawer with my purse in it .
tr	O	He spotted the sinkhole , and beneath it the cool waters of the underground river he 'd noted earlier in the evening .
tr	I	We don 't solicit applications and we don 't advertise openings .
tr	O	I knew where this story was going , and it pained me to listen .
tr	I	The feeling of being watched vanished with it along with the feeling of menace , and with that the twelve warriors seemed to slowly fade from view .
tr	I	I must say simply that I do not know so I prefer not to judge , but I also doubt this .
tr	O	Jack might want to abandon her , but he wouldn 't leave his boat .
tr	O	It seemed unusually cruel to keep dragging a stupid prank out like this , and I silently wished she would drop it already .
tr	O	My heart is so full , and I miss him so much .
tr	I	It did , but it was stupid .
tr	O	I 'd withstood the Florida heat for an hour with no problem , but suddenly I felt sweat break out on my forehead .
tr	I	David hung his head , and the sergeant 's words shamed him .
tr	I	They dropped to the ground and Blood gushed from their wounds .
tr	I	Every time it was another punch in the gut , and she read his note a half-a-dozen times by then .
tr	O	It 's a two hour trek just getting halfway , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	Della saw all the vamps reach down for their own knives , and in a flash , they charged .
tr	I	I thought she might pass out , and Marcus patted her on the back .
tr	I	He figured at the very least they might be hungry and it wasn 't the best of places to spend the night .
tr	I	Her small body fit nicely , but it was a closer squeeze .
tr	O	Her hair was a mess and her voice wrought with anxiety .
tr	O	I wanted to tell him how much I had enjoyed our evening , but the words sounded lame in my own head .
tr	I	The doors slid open , and the elevator eased to a stop .
tr	O	I own it , but I have other people that manage it for me .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer but I call for Crewe .
tr	O	Both men smiled toward him , and that is when the mystery deepened for Moses .
tr	O	He 'd come to the new world for a different sort of life , and he intended to grasp it with both hands .
tr	I	I peered up , and we moved to the middle .
tr	I	They are dumb but they are strong .
tr	I	Then the panic bubbled , and I paused .
tr	O	I believed him , but it did nothing for the acid continually being poured over my emotions .
tr	O	The techies were able to recover very little , but what they did get is intriguing .
tr	O	She loved him , damn it , and now he was trying to leave her too .
tr	I	No other sound followed , but she paused to listen .
tr	O	She wanted to shake off the feeling , and her frustration made her aggressive .
tr	O	You men have done great things , but we still have work to do .
tr	I	He didn 't look at me for a few minutes , and he nodded as though I was telling a secret .
tr	O	His team asked what they should do and he wasn 't concentrated enough to answer .
tr	O	Beyond his hope she returned to him where he sat in darkness , and long ago in the Hidden Kingdom she laid her hand in his .
tr	I	Visibility was nearly unlimited , and it was a clear , sunny day , a calm sea .
tr	O	He dragged one of the claws across her arm , and a white line followed it .
tr	O	When he 'd awoke this morning the smell had been gone , but he was certain it had been there last night .
tr	O	His pace didn 't increase , and his eyes were fixed on hers , not the river .
tr	I	The doors were bolted and Windows were lashed shut .
tr	I	I do not come to theirs and they do not come to my Bower .
tr	I	I don 't know why they let me go , and I don 't know why they kept me .
tr	I	He finally tore his eyes away from the blackness across the river , and his grimace turned into a smile without his thinking about it .
tr	I	Aaron was staring at Kevin as he waited for a translation , and nicky was too busy gaping at Neil to say anything .
tr	O	Our children are a bountiful harvest from our maker and they are all the riches I will ever need .
tr	I	She apparently had no intention of admitting it and the woman behind the mask was Lauren Perkins .
tr	I	I don 't plan to tell them , and nobody in the firm knows .
tr	I	I continued towards him and quickly I pulled my thoughts away from where they were headed .
tr	I	That made her suspicious , and the tea was dark , so dark that she couldn 't see the bottom .
tr	O	She sat on the floor , and he was right beside her , sitting on the bed .
tr	I	The Regent only smiled back towards Ben , but the comment brought a glare from Matthew .
tr	O	I 'm Asturian myself , and I know the Asturian mind far better than you do .
tr	O	I hear Will 's voice , but I cannot take my eyes off June .
tr	I	He ran toward it , nostrils flaring and a house materialized out of the darkness .
tr	I	For some reason he didn 't want to , but Trapper had a feeling that if he brought up the idea of going home .
tr	I	Her father had stayed here for far longer than normal , but it was a theory that her family often stuck to also .
tr	I	She was right , but he had warmed to her .
tr	I	He didn 't disguise the fear crawling in his gut and her gaze captured his .
tr	O	It jolted me right out of my thoughts and I looked up .
tr	O	He 'd hurt Audrey badly , and if he hadn 't quite killed Summer , it had been close .
tr	I	I hid a grin and Emma 's gaze skated back to Rhys .
tr	O	The woman tried to say something , but I kept talking .
tr	O	All of them turned their focus on us , and I knew then I was in over my head .
tr	O	On the dance floor the music was fast and it was fun to move around a bit .
tr	O	This has been a bloody fight , and I applaud your effort in it .
tr	O	She 'd seen him at Francesca 's this morning , and he was on the phone with her right now .
tr	I	My family never asked , and I never spoke about it .
tr	O	I just needed to make it through that day and I would be okay .
tr	O	He poked it once with his toe , but it didn 't budge .
tr	O	Visiting her comatose sister became the greatest of Ms. Terwilliger 's priorities , and she harbored hopes of possibly finding a way to undo the spell .
tr	O	He was startled when the mannequin sat up , and he saw that it was the Countess .
tr	O	Eddie smiled back , and I saw genuine friendship between them .
tr	O	Another moment of silence passed , but he still couldn 't seem to get into her thoughts .
tr	I	Fire was my toy , but I was screwed up in a lot of areas .
tr	I	I could feel the condemnation radiating from her , but my back was to her .
tr	O	Neil reached for her , but she pushed his arms away .
tr	I	He wished he could take it back , and she cringed visibly at the word allow .
tr	I	It was true but it was insane .
tr	O	I have used up my chances though , and I am at peace with that .
tr	O	It didn 't quite fit the music but he seemed to have caught the rhythm .
tr	I	Baxter had chosen to stay there until he could afford his own place , but he 'd moved out of the apartment after a couple of years .
tr	I	I wished he had lingered for just a moment longer , but he released it almost immediately .
tr	O	There was a point inside her when she started to hate what was happening , and it left her feeling sick .
tr	I	It was enough for the Raven to take notice , but the other man had begun to tremble ever so slightly .
tr	O	Everyone 's lives are important , and we all play a role .
tr	O	I 'll want to have a scan of it tomorrow but he needs rest tonight .
tr	I	I am lost , but I feel like I should be able to .
tr	O	I can make more like this , but I do not think any will be quite as powerful .
tr	I	They did not see , but his eyes were open .
tr	I	Then she looked up , and she looked straight ahead , dully , with no thought of him standing there , apparently .
tr	I	The credits rolled and we sat side-by-side as the show finished .
tr	O	Her arms tightened around me , and she buried her face in the crook of my neck , her cheek warm against my skin .
tr	I	All the blue is gone from her eyes , and she raises her head after that last hit .
tr	I	That kind of whimsy had died with her dad ... but once , when her father had been alive , she recalled writing a letter to Santa .
tr	I	The little boy was pressed tightly against the wall and he looked back at Zeus .
tr	I	Alarms burst out along the corridor , and I blink my left eye three times to activate it .
tr	I	It 's abundantly clear that we 're both naked , and one of my legs is slung over his waist .
tr	I	Still there was no word on when we were mounting out and I had just finished evening chow .
tr	I	The tension between them hummed so loudly I thought Zella was going to leap out of her chair at him , and he glared at her .
tr	O	I stared at her curiously , and Sandra slapped my hands .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she thought he might smile .
tr	O	The hard little pellets hurt her skin , but she 'd been glad for the cold , for the sting .
tr	I	I would never say that , but I wanted her to go away .
tr	I	Our joints don 't miss the cold , but we miss you .
tr	O	His foot met with the shoulder , and she went flying backward , falling so hard that her shoulder relocated with a sickening crunch .
tr	I	You find out it doesn 't matter , but you think that was what you wanted all along .
tr	O	Elijah is not asking the question he wants to ask , but Julia picks up on it anyway .
tr	I	I feel like minutes pass between each one and it rings three times .
tr	I	Internal corridors lit by fluorescent tubes and the third floor had low ceilings .
tr	O	His hand slipped down to cup my bare mound , and I whimpered .
tr	O	She had behaved like a shocking wanton and she had done it in broad daylight !
tr	I	I hear her gasp and Marcus replies matter of fact .
tr	I	I wanted to talk to Martin without her hearing me but I didn 't want to leave her in there alone .
tr	O	I conferred with my sub unit commander and he then had a private conversation with the other officer in the rear vehicle .
tr	I	The lights on the shuttle illuminated the water around us , but it was night .
tr	I	The sneaker was already soaked , but I jerked my leg up .
tr	I	VIN had nowhere to go , and Jonesy didn 't care to leave the base .
tr	O	The team watched silently as the church door opened and a vampire stepped out onto the front steps .
tr	O	He didn 't really have any other option , and she didn 't appear to be a lunatic .
tr	O	We emerge back onto the sidewalk and I zip up my jacket to keep out the chill .
tr	O	It wasn 't my first choice of activity , but I was willing to give it a chance .
tr	O	I didn 't mean for it to sound so territorial , but there it was .
tr	I	I wished I could glue it there , permanently and Heat pooled into the skin where his hand rested .
tr	I	She burst out crying and a quiver began in her bottom lip .
tr	I	Her voice was calm , friendly even , when she spoke again , but her eyes glittered in her face .
tr	I	A few of us hit the weight room , but the following day was pretty much the same .
tr	I	She still wanted to see him ... and she didn 't have a good answer for that except that she had agreed to .
tr	I	The thought of James ' lips on hers made her heart beat faster , but she wanted those things from Michael more than anyone else .
tr	I	I don 't have my cell and my car broke down .
tr	O	Step over the line , and you 're considered an escapee .
tr	I	The shot flew wide , but he fired just as the bird landed on the biscuit .
tr	O	I could only guess what he truly was , but vampire was at the top of my list .
tr	I	Her shirt hit the floor and he took a shaky step back .
tr	I	It was big regional news , but I 'm from Wisconsin .
tr	I	He wasn 't responding to her questions , but she could see her son 's awake .
tr	I	I knew I had to come get you and I saw you out there looking so confused .
tr	O	I stick out my hand to shake his and he takes it , smiling into my eyes .
tr	O	Maybe it 's cold , but I cherish no attachment to his sister 's child .
tr	I	His shoulders slumped , as if a heavy weight had just been yoked across them , and my lover sighed .
tr	O	I stared at her and she looked right back at me .
tr	I	I wouldn 't be there to save her and if I left , he might hurt her .
tr	I	Instead she got angry , but Chloe could have cried .
tr	O	All I want is one piece of my life that has no drama and I can 't even get that .
tr	I	I couldn 't even find Locke to ask , and Edgar just smiled .
tr	O	Antonia started to explain again , but Mike interrupted her .
tr	I	I spread some onto my roll , and there is a small tub of butter tucked into the wicker basket .
tr	I	Soon she was in a deep sleep as the doctors went to work and a mask was gently placed over her face .
tr	I	It swung open and I yanked on the back door until the lock broke .
tr	I	Soul felt her head spin as she tried to understand what they were and most of what she read were a complicated series of numbers .
tr	O	The light flashed on again , and he directed it over the walls around them .
tr	I	Then she might seem pathetic , but she thought about phoning Margie .
tr	I	Icy wind blasted at him , and this one opened onto a field of snow .
tr	I	My head isn 't spinning around and I 'm not levitating off my bed .
tr	I	I keep thinking , What if I screw up and Ethan 's responsibility lecture is fresh in my mind ?
tr	O	I told him about how I 've lost something , and he said , ' Be lucky you can find it .
tr	O	We settled onto the couch and he pressed play .
tr	I	I had shared and it made me flash back to the conversation Iris .
tr	O	He could do his acting , and she could get a job in a department store .
tr	I	There was still something that didn 't feel right , but I knew that the conversation was over .
tr	I	I was too turned on , but I almost pouted .
tr	O	He 's acting very out of character and I wonder if something else is wrong .
tr	I	It wasn 't nearly long enough , but I was not sure how long I was asleep .
tr	O	She had to bite her lips to keep his name unsaid , and a moan rose in her throat .
tr	I	She sounded annoyed and Lucky 's voice rose .
tr	I	For a split second , she forgot to breath and the dimple at the side of his mouth winked .
tr	O	Chris started to respond , but Doug held up his hand stopping him .
tr	O	You 're not around that much , and I know you 're not working all the time .
tr	I	Austin prayed that he wouldn 't crush it , and his grip tightened round the thin cup .
tr	I	I 'd never imagined myself on horseback , but I 'd seen people riding on television .
tr	I	She knew it , and she 'd totally killed Hello Kitty .
tr	O	Pierce was intrigued , but his head was too sore to delve too deeply into the statement .
tr	O	He didn 't speak , but I had my answer .
tr	I	Dmitri made room for her in the back seat and Nicolas opened the tent in front of the car .
tr	I	First , I need for you to understand something , but I need to ask you a few things , Finn .
tr	O	It was much warmer than the frigid air of New York and with his fur he kind of liked a little cool wind .
tr	O	First they went to pick up Travis 's coffee , and then they drove to the jail .
tr	O	The small monk had certainly implied that a horrible fate came with failure but he hadn 't said when she was expected to have rejuvenated this madhouse .
tr	I	She 'd brought Tasha along for support , and Looked like she was here on a mission , probably Julian 's mission .
tr	I	They were not the hands she wanted , but strong hands pushed her back against the mattress .
tr	O	She swayed , and he steadied her , his hard hands clasping her arms .
tr	O	It was a female Voice , like a bell , but possessing great authority .
tr	O	Murderous thoughts fill my mind and I find I 'm starting to enjoy them .
tr	I	He was standing behind his father , and he 'd walked in from the kitchen .
tr	O	I didn 't want to stay , but I did want her to stress out a little .
tr	O	A moment passes , and I decide to make an effort .
tr	O	He had just run like a madman from a silly crow and he was still letting his nerves get the best of him .
tr	O	He had always hated heights , but they didn 't have many options right now .
tr	O	Shaw had talent , but talent was cheap .
tr	O	Her head was held back and she was laughing .
tr	O	Forsyth waited for a reaction , but there was none .
tr	O	We sat at the small table in his room to eat our breakfast , but I didn 't have an appetite .
tr	O	I heard an electronic hum , and the gate opened .
tr	O	I have five wives and I understand Somali women .
tr	I	She didn 't like that smile one bit and Julius smiled slowly .
tr	I	She too returned to the Parker 's house , and Renny 's work was done at the household .
tr	I	I 'm rooted to the spot , but I nod .
tr	O	He smiled back , relieved , and I saw his charm instantly .
tr	I	We 'll talk about the future , and you 'll meet our people , learn about our company .
tr	O	Her mouth was dry and her back ached from sleeping on the pull-down bed .
tr	O	Sophie asked for one , and Theo lit them both .
tr	I	We form a small posse , and he manages to find a few others with appetites .
tr	O	Hands landed on me , but my skin felt detached .
tr	O	It took Chris another moment to figure it out , but that was becoming a pattern with this guy anyway .
tr	O	The raid had been meticulously planned , and the execution was one of the many fables that built up the legend of Detective Chief Inspector David Morton .
tr	O	It took over all her senses , and she had to close her eyes .
tr	I	His eyes searched the other man 's face and Bond 's voice was urgent .
tr	I	I realize the real reason he stood and when he comes back , he sits right next to me .
tr	O	It was a bitter pill for Damen to swallow , asking help from other people , but for Mairi he would do anything .
tr	I	He is distracted by nothing but his glossy dark hair slants across his forehead .
tr	O	I loved this man so much , but I had no idea what to expect in this relationship .
tr	O	No doubt this slight chaplain could take him out , but that didn 't mean Jordan would go down easy .
tr	O	Howling wind starts , and I have a bad feeling about what is coming my way .
tr	I	He doesn 't answer in words , but his mouth curves into a grin .
tr	O	The sentinel 's beady eyes followed us as we approached , never blinking , and it had gone perfectly , dangerously still .
tr	I	It felt as if someone had chopped off his right arm , and his wife of twenty-four years had died .
tr	O	We head down the porch , and I turn to get a look at the house .
tr	I	She was still sure she 'd never heard it before , but the voice sounded different in person than on the phone .
tr	I	We peel down the road and I climb in the car .
tr	I	Any kind of combat training is strictly off the table , but my grandma encourages us to find outlets for our hunger .
tr	I	She ought to demand them out of her father after school , and she deserved some answers .
tr	I	He mocked her with a bow and his lips spread into a thin line .
tr	O	I take the card , but my decision is already made .
tr	I	The wind had died down as well , and the day had cleared up since the previous dripping rain .
tr	I	The two rode away in delightful freedom , and the groom was dismissed .
tr	O	It was an oddly erotic sensation , and her body quickened in remembrance .
tr	I	The door was locked , and there was a window with bars over it .
tr	I	When she did , she tried to clamp her legs together again , and it took a moment for Kit to realize his intention .
tr	O	Red Paw might not have known much , but she knew the word fly .
tr	O	Some people loved a good fight , but she wasn 't one of them .
tr	O	His expression darkened , and I ignored the guilt stabbing holes in my chest .
tr	O	She knew what had gotten into her and it had nothing whatsoever to do with friends from a faraway galaxy .
tr	I	Then I suddenly start thinking of Henry 's green eyes , but I remember when I thought I would drown in them .
tr	O	His musky scent permeated the interior of the truck , and she breathed in the reassurance of pure Jacob .
tr	O	My guards were up and I carefully walked around the house .
tr	I	Neither would you , and I would never do such a thing , take a life like this .
tr	O	Their gazes were on the moaning Charles , and then , one by one , the men lowered their heads .
tr	O	His stern voice broke and his eyes grew wet .
tr	I	She forced herself to ignore the fluttering of attraction , but her heart skipped a beat at his compliment .
tr	I	It doesn 't really bother me , and I 'm used to the feeling .
tr	I	Her heart sped up and their gazes caught .
tr	I	For a moment , I wondered if the breeze had been real , and a paper rattled on the far counter .
tr	O	He gestures to the swing , and I sit .
tr	I	Lea greeted him first as Azalea stood in the background as awkward as ever and he got up .
tr	O	She 'd never be normal and she 'd never hear the things she 'd taken for granted before .
tr	O	Steve 's voice changed , and he looked angry .
tr	I	A fairytale the even children sometimes believe but this is not true Captain .
tr	O	I feel like I know her , but I can 't remember her name .
tr	O	She went on instant alert , but she didn 't know why .
tr	I	She just knew , but she didn 't know how .
tr	O	Bash undid the clasp of Grace 's bathing suit and her hands went instantly to her breasts .
tr	I	She was angrier than I had ever seen her , and Amy 's eyes were blazing fire .
tr	O	He chuckles , but his features tell me he regrets talking to me about this .
tr	I	He began to cry , and his face had turned white .
tr	O	The entire kingdom was celebrating the engagement and what was more , his people needed something to celebrate .
tr	O	The door by the barn closes , and as I reach it , I struggle to key in my code .
tr	O	One minute he was under the water , and the next he was just floating there .
tr	O	Sye felt Eris ' hand on his opposite shoulder and she pulled him to her .
tr	I	I needed it back , but I debated just walking out .
tr	O	I lunge forward and plate glass shatters around my ears as I force Stenger through the window .
tr	I	I could feel Savannah tighten her grip on my hand , and our feet slipped with every step .
tr	I	Never , never had he allowed himself to consider that she could die , but of course he 'd been concerned about injuries .
tr	I	I shook my head and she looked at me .
tr	I	He rushed Mr. Gunderson to the hospital and Audrey ran home , got our dad .
tr	O	She 's overwhelmed with emotion and I 'm sure she can see the same emotion mirrored in my face .
tr	O	Changes were happening , and the tension grew .
tr	O	That wasn 't much protection , but it was something .
tr	I	The aching sincerity in his voice was her downfall , but there was a form of protection in staying angry .
tr	I	All you seem capable of doing is staring out of windows , but I thought you had a backbone .
tr	O	Andre hurtled himself from the safety of his favorite lair just as the mountain heaved and the chamber walls collapsed .
tr	O	Her hair was a sort of colorless pale blond , pulled tightly back with combs , and her eyes were flinty gray chips .
tr	O	My uncle Simon stood close to me too and he put his hand on my shoulder too .
tr	I	She never noticed you but secretly you were in love with her .
tr	I	Color was draining from her face , and Amy was starting to ramble .
tr	I	That just intrigued me further , and they were covering him up .
tr	O	It was very close now , whatever it was , and the closer it got , the more I shook .
tr	O	Fellows had shrugged off his coat and now he draped it over Louisa .
tr	I	Most everything seemed to be done for him but he spent some time working in the fields .
tr	I	His laptop was in the living room , but I 'd hoped this was an excuse to go into his bedroom .
tr	O	Witch had sunken , beady eyes , and a long , crooked nose as green oak leaves cast the face in a greenish hue .
tr	I	Nothing comes up , but I google it .
tr	O	She wanted the diamonds , and she had gone too far to quit now .
tr	O	He started forward , but Zoey looked away .
tr	O	Its shops were closed for the night , but an occasional guard patrolled the streets .
tr	I	She hoped he 'd continue to do so , and James played a huge part in her life .
tr	O	She heard the train whistle in the distance , and she looked at her watch .
tr	O	Cain almost grinned at her ferocity , but his lips were too tightly twisted with desire .
tr	I	She would be none the wiser , and he could swiftly install one in her rooms .
tr	I	The intercom was useless and Brian shouted into the intercom , momentarily forgetting that his own plane was now as dead as the rest of them .
tr	O	It was quite a place , and it didn 't have the feel of even an upscale hotel .
tr	I	Her friend went on , and Maddie shoved her playfully .
tr	O	I stuck out my hand for a handshake but he instead pulled me into a bear hug .
tr	O	You will manage it , and you will get home .
tr	I	I can 't find it in me to greet him , but I haven 't seen him since before the simulation attack .
tr	O	She was searching her memories , and they were a jumble of confusion .
tr	I	I guess I 've lost some weight since the last time I took them and I took two pills instead of one .
tr	I	I can 't see him and they pull Trystan away from me .
tr	I	I tightened my grip , in awe of his rock-hard abs beneath my fingertips , and he accelerated up the mountain .
tr	I	His heart jerked in his chest and the air passing through his muscles chilled .
tr	O	I could have sworn I saw him flinch , but it might have just been a trick of the fading sunlight through the dappled trees .
tr	O	We were in Egypt , as were our people long ago , and as they did , we came home .
tr	I	They all have forgotten about the buddy system that 's now in place , and Trish doesn 't seem to see the cut in the darkness .
tr	I	There was no further hint of anyone 's presence , but he waited .
tr	O	Most of the time he slouched , trying to shave off a couple of inches , and he became quiet .
tr	O	Dolores opened her connection and they joined .
tr	I	I pressed the button and my stomach did a flip .
tr	O	A captain sprang to his feet , and without the usual courtesy he spoke flippantly .
tr	I	It seemed to Paul he looked uncomfortable , and Eric stood beside the fireplace .
tr	I	All that remained was to spring it , and the trap had been set for Nick .
tr	I	He was still looking at me , only with different eyes , but he turned to walk away through the arch .
tr	O	Closing his eyes , he tried to concentrate on her whereabouts , but the intense pain clouded his mind , making coherent thought impossible .
tr	O	Sadie whined along side of us but I told her I was okay .
tr	O	He remembered getting very angry and he ran toward the girls .
tr	I	She took a step back , pulling me with her , and Beth let out a smal gasp .
tr	I	Maybe they 're just not hungry , or not many people awake at midnight .
tr	O	A lesser mortal like me has to handle his ten cents but an empress has to handle her huge empire .
tr	O	Melissa shooed me away with her hand , and I made my way to the table .
tr	O	She then looked forward and both of them entered the blackened doorway of the tavern .
tr	O	She pulled her to her feet and Amity screamed in pain .
tr	O	She hurriedly closes it , but before she can , we see over her shoulder that it was open to an article about Brazil .
tr	O	My eyes connected with one of the running backs on the team , and he gave me a very subtle what up gesture .
tr	O	She 'd been different at the party , and it hadn 't only been her appearance .
tr	O	His jaw dropped and I nodded .
tr	I	The rest of the wood was placed in the fire bin and the BBQ coals died down at about midnight .
tr	O	Instinctively I felt the truth in them , and I would be lying if I said that in that moment , he didn 't scare me .
tr	O	The boys had been working on it for two days , and there was still days more work to do .
tr	O	I mean Charlie and I came to church for the holidays , because it was part of the family tradition .
tr	O	No one knew the details , but they figured that whatever happened to me had something to do with why you left .
tr	O	He never met his birth parents , and he was running away from the one who raised him .
tr	I	Also something Ainsley didn 't understand and his eyes held anger .
tr	I	My stomach hurt with anxiety and it made my lungs tighten .
tr	O	Frank 's in the middle of some lame joke , and his nose is sliding off his face .
tr	I	The bar was nowhere in sight , but the packed dance floor was next to the row of sellers .
tr	I	No man wanted his heir to be someone else 's get , but Jasper was very sophisticated .
tr	O	It took practically all my courage to meet her gaze , but I forced myself to do it .
tr	I	John looked into Alexis ' eyes and the courtroom cleared out .
tr	I	She sensed he needed reassurance as much as she did , and his touch was comforting .
tr	I	It had a door , and this hallway was shorter .
tr	I	The moment was short-lived , but she looked wistful as old memories brought a small smile to her face .
tr	O	It was a big bed , but it wasn 't big enough .
tr	O	He was silent for a moment , and she knew she wouldn 't like the answer , even though she was expecting it .
tr	O	He really wanted to build an airport , but since Houston already had one , Bubba decided to build a subway .
tr	I	He was now a country gentleman and it was a nice summer day .
tr	O	I knew her struggle had a source and it drew me in .
tr	I	She couldn 't go through with it , but your sister aimed the gun at your father .
tr	I	She clings to life stubbornly and the child is female .
tr	I	A bit reluctantly , but she did .
tr	I	I straighten , ready to stretch my legs , and he clicks on his blinker for the exit .
tr	I	She wondered what he was thinking , and his eyes were watching her .
tr	O	Cyn was nowhere to be seen , but given that it was midnight , she was probably in bed .
tr	I	Jesse could not continue watching but there were further visions .
tr	I	She desperately wanted to touch him , to feel his rough skin with her fingertips and his body had always fascinated her .
tr	O	This Christmas he was photographing European cities in their holiday best , and he 'd be gone nearly the entire month of December .
tr	O	Mother awaited my siblings and me in her room .
tr	I	I hear him sniffle and he kisses me on the cheek .
tr	I	I doubted she 'd tell me no , and I could tell she wanted me .
tr	I	I just breathe , and I focus on the fact that this is all a horrible nightmare .
tr	I	The rest of the team mauls us , and Mitch crashes into me for a hug .
tr	I	He looked at me expectantly and I looked up at Victor .
tr	O	The front door to my house opens as I 'm putting my car in park , and Ezra walks outside , wringing her hands together nervously .
tr	I	He didn 't seek to restrain her , but he glared up at her from the ground .
tr	I	He was aching to make it happen , and he 'd make her his .
tr	I	It was definitely bourbon with mint , but the color of this drink was paler .
tr	I	His limbs felt strange , but he automatically got up to fill a glass of cold water for her .
tr	I	She suddenly looked tense , but Mum shrugged her shoulders .
tr	I	He walks away with a massive pension and we all bail the bank out .
tr	I	It caused you to miss out on friendships with special people but getting to know Leif had taught me that judging others wasn 't only wrong .
tr	O	They like the water and we don 't .
tr	O	You 're hanging your whole scheme on the two who just left , and you only met them this morning .
tr	O	However , he still didn 't have a clue where he 'd met that sexy voice before , but he intended to find out .
tr	I	It took all the energy Tim had , but the only one who could stop him from hurting himself was Tim .
tr	O	His smile faded , and he looked at me with stripped honesty .
tr	O	He turned into the study and I followed him there too .
tr	O	The necklace that Ben gave her earlier in the day was around her neck , and she wore no other jewelry .
tr	O	Mackenzie forced her concentration back to her work but she knew where he was .
tr	O	Scott , though , had become an increasingly angry young man , and he 'd vented that anger against Sawyer .
tr	O	Motown was dying if not already in the grave , but Detroit was still the place you went to record jazz .
tr	O	She stepped back in fear , but then he turned away , leaving the way wide open for her to make a quick exit .
tr	O	Colin entire body seized and his stomach felt like it had been kicked hard .
tr	O	She 'd left him and now he had feelings .
tr	I	I saw that it was a hedgehog , and closer still .
tr	O	I don 't feel right in my own head , as if I 've come back smaller somehow , but I block it off from her .
tr	I	He has captured me completely , and he is exceptional .
tr	O	It had been long since the vampire had listened to such purity , and his body cringed away from the sound .
tr	O	I knew what I was doing but I couldn 't stop myself .
tr	O	I 'll cry when they 're all dead , when the Inquisition is shattered and the gate is broken .
tr	I	Sadly it seemed that just wasn 't going to happen , but Martin held out hope that he could harbor some secrets .
tr	O	I wondered momentarily why he would be calling me , but then I remembered the bankruptcy suit I had filed .
tr	I	Her punishments had been truly cruel and Silk had a much worse glare .
tr	O	It was the very spot Caden and the others had taken me , the day we left the caves for the first time .
tr	O	Janie waited , but he didn 't elaborate .
tr	O	She out thought him , and he liked that for a change .
tr	O	She laughed , and the sound of it eased something inside him .
tr	I	Then it burst open , and before he could finish his sentence , there was an urgent knocking on the door .
tr	I	She didn 't like herself very much for her possessiveness , but she wasn 't willing to change her relationship with Corinne in any way .
tr	O	My foot slid half a step toward her , but I didn 't let it go any closer .
tr	I	The ache ran deep , blooming in her chest , but she ached for him .
tr	I	Then James lowers his head , and it 's quiet at first .
tr	I	She trembled , and he caressed her cheek .
tr	I	I know that I 'm in my bed and I can feel the soft bedclothes around me .
tr	O	Mary gave him entry , and he plundered her mouth , meeting her tongue with his .
tr	I	She would survive her broken heart until I could see her again and she was tough .
tr	O	My dad gives me a stern look and I know I 'm really in trouble .
tr	O	Kelly would have been amused by it , but he had to acknowledge that it might actually be true .
tr	O	This was big news , and Sally relished big news .
tr	O	The rock comes full swing and I exhale .
tr	I	Both knew they would miss their friends greatly but they said little .
tr	O	Carson was sure he could get me through it , but I wasn 't as confident .
tr	O	A muffled cry reached her through the silence , but she was focused on moving her previously paralyzed limbs .
tr	O	It hurt a lot , but apparently I was lucky .
tr	O	I watched her expression soften and she was taking everything in .
tr	O	The tension between us kicked up a notch , and I realized that along with our bodies being nearer , so were our lips .
tr	O	She wept for Derek and she wept for Daniel .
tr	I	Her soft pink lips gently parted , and her eyes are bright , her cheeks red .
tr	I	The beast remained but black blood seeped from the wounded eye .
tr	I	He knows it and he 's gorgeous .
tr	I	Now she couldn 't speak , couldn 't loop time , couldn 't even fly , but she 'd been queen of their little island world .
tr	O	She playfully throws it at me and it ends up hitting my face .
tr	I	I am suddenly the most beautiful thing on the planet and he sees me .
tr	O	Yeah , that might have been a little bit of a stretch , but I was going with it .
tr	I	His eyes are hazy with happiness , and my hands are in his hair .
tr	I	He didn 't know what else to do , but he felt that he should do more than just bury him .
tr	O	The room burst into laughter , and Rachel laughed along with them .
tr	O	My cheeks burned , but I refused to look away .
tr	I	Their parents didn 't want them to and these kids didn 't need to work .
tr	I	Suddenly he 'd gone from Oprah to preacher , and Bill said .
tr	O	I smiled at her , but our eyes didn 't connect .
tr	I	Her orders were as good as The Generals to Bolt , and she demanded .
tr	O	His breath came haltingly , and then at last the fire started to drain from his face .
tr	O	I didn 't see Michael , but I did see Amber .
tr	I	She quickly took a sip to disguise her uneasiness , and her coffee arrived .
tr	I	Not like this , not the way Jack was going to do it , but yes , she 'd wanted out .
tr	I	The agony quiets to pain , but I float on my back , which continues to burn beneath the water .
tr	I	He was not very skilled , and his name was Henrique .
tr	I	She could do it , but the thought sickened her .
tr	I	Dad sat on my right , and Jayden sat beside me while his parents sat across from us .
tr	I	Chris laid in his bed thinking and everyone went to bed that night .
tr	I	It has its logic that I will explain to you one day but it might seem strange .
tr	I	Amanda stumbled forward and the door suddenly opened wide .
tr	I	I heard only the sound of the water , but I listened for his footsteps to move in a direction .
tr	I	I took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer , and he took care of me when I needed a place to stay .
tr	I	I slid my hands under his sweater and his fingers dug into the waistband of my jeans .
tr	O	He greeted Neil when they were introduced , but he clearly wanted to talk to his daughter .
tr	I	I think you should be dressed right now , but I apologize .
tr	I	She needed to get her shit together , and she was already at the back door to Jenn 's .
tr	O	Lennox supplies and I nod .
tr	O	Peddle 's copy lay unopened on his desk and Thomas 's was at the top of the pile of correspondence in his ' in ' tray .
tr	I	She slung her arm around my shoulder , and Daphne noticed the worry on my face .
tr	I	He was already reaching into his pocket for his phone , but Isabelle looked at Simon with questioning dark eyes .
tr	O	Denny blinked at me in confusion , and what looked a little like disappointment .
tr	O	It 's a steep incline and the water makes it slippery .
tr	O	Up until six months ago she 'd been engaged to her high school sweetheart , Tom Granger , but he 'd broken it off at Christmas .
tr	I	I was so glad I 'd showed up at his door four months ago but it was hard to comprehend at times .
tr	O	he asked , but she knew darn wel that he understood exactly what she meant .
tr	O	I 'd broken into someone 's boat and now I was hovering over a corpse .
tr	I	Her actions told him she did , but she had said she didn 't .
tr	O	Thomas cried , and she stopped .
tr	O	The pills he took were prescribed to him by his doctor , and they contained codeine , which can apparently convert into morphine in the human body .
tr	O	One touch from him and she was on fire .
tr	O	Then she melted into his arms , and neither of them spoke for some time .
tr	I	She tried never to show it bothered her , but it was a sore subject .
tr	I	Words faded from her mind , but Corinne opened her mouth to tease Lisa some more .
tr	O	He rested his forehead against mine , and every muscle in my body locked up .
tr	O	The following morning brought more surprises , too , and none of them were good .
tr	O	A smile lights my face at my release , and then more commotion breaks out .
tr	O	I wasn 't exactly perfect out there either you know .
tr	O	She wanted nothing intimate between them , and his name seemed musical to her .
tr	O	Then he was moving again , and they followed three paces behind .
tr	O	She 'd been a virgin when she met him , but even without any experience she 'd known he was different .
tr	I	Neither of them spoke , but Micah caught her husband 's gaze over Elliott .
tr	O	The phone is next to his ear and I can tell he 's on hold .
tr	O	Gorilla skin was black , and eyes were dark brown .
tr	I	Dennis turned to head back towards the highway , and a familiar street loomed into view .
tr	I	She started muttering under her breath , and Daphne 's fingers picked up speed .
tr	I	You weren 't , but everyone else is too scared to stand up to her .
tr	O	Magma formed in his left , but nothing happened in his right .
tr	I	The groceries crunched under his tightening grip and his body shook .
tr	I	She 'd loved Isaac more , but Joni may have loved him .
tr	I	I could feel his body shake as he sobbed on my shoulder and he wrapped his arms around me .
tr	I	I worked through them in my head , and the words kept changing .
tr	I	Having them at my back would give me a sense of peace , and they could get into places I couldn 't .
tr	O	I acknowledged the greetings of the soldiers , and then we hustled him to the HQ .
tr	O	I had no idea how we were going to figure this out , but women had been having babies since the beginning of time without doctors .
tr	O	He screamed with ravenous bloodlust , yet no sound could be heard .
tr	I	His silence was proof that he was already gone , but she was afraid of losing him .
tr	I	I 'm so sorry that I lied to you and I had to have you .
tr	I	Janette climbs out and she pulls up to the front of the school .
tr	O	Alexis answered the door and there stood Matthew .
tr	I	I fancy we can find a few more , but I have already sent two score of barrels ashore to be filled with fresh water .
tr	O	He just happened to be home on leave this year and I couldn 't wait to see him .
tr	O	Apprehension filled me as Liana began slowing the vessel and we started rising .
tr	I	It did nothing to calm the tempest I could feel rising to the surface , but he growled .
tr	I	She didn 't contact me and I never called back after that .
tr	O	Shadows don 't serve any purpose , but they do add a certain depth to the scenery .
tr	I	Cort stepped into view , dressed in a short singlet , and the voice came from the far end of the corridor .
tr	O	The scene changed , and she was in the electric chair .
tr	I	I needed something new , some voice deep within me advised , but I had a closet full of good clothes already .
tr	I	I owed it to my mother to take my time , but it might take a while .
tr	O	The Change helped him to recover his youthful appearance , but his mood was poor .
tr	O	There were lush green mountains in every direction , and a blue sky filled with puffy white clouds .
tr	O	She went somewhere for a job , and she came back -- like that .
tr	O	He shoved her , and she nearly ran into the knife Gina was holding out .
tr	I	I hadn 't even seen him move , and he had a Glock in his hand .
tr	O	Several low hisses cut through the silence , and I look back at Mrs. Lake .
tr	O	He was bigger , stronger , but even he needed a rest .
tr	I	He planned on letting her know the danger involved , but he knew that it will be hard to keep her out of it .
tr	I	A hush falls over them and they hastily drop their heads .
tr	O	I was brown and he was white .
tr	O	Your brother drowned in that river and it devastated us .
tr	O	The door opens and I see a man sitting at a desk .
tr	O	She hadn 't remembered mentioning him , and just hearing his name sent a feverish heat through her body .
tr	I	Eating food and cracking heads .
tr	O	Connie nodded in agreement , eagerly digging into her second dessert , but Mac didn 't believe he could fit in one more bite .
tr	O	Her cheeks were a little bit red , but it could have also been caused by the running .
tr	O	The attic is too small to hide them in and there isn 't any place to hide a safe .
tr	I	May loved those , but a simple country race meeting .
tr	O	It had been an hour and Caden hadn 't called yet .
tr	I	I froze , and my heart stopped in my chest .
tr	I	She didn 't want to take any chances , but she didn 't know what had just happened .
tr	I	It seemed to me you could , but I don 't say you loved me .
tr	O	They were dressed like hunters , but their weapons were for killing men .
tr	I	People fell and they fired .
tr	I	Hearing the suggestion from my stage manager makes my task tonight feel all the more necessary , but I 'd certainly thought of that myself .
tr	I	We have been trained to see ethical purpose in life and we are middle class people .
tr	I	Of course I never imagined it had been made by someone in another world , but I remembered that it had once belonged to my mom .
tr	I	The singing slowly died , and the men turned their attention to Arin when he entered the room .
tr	O	When the cage struck the ground , her whole body was jarred and her head banged painfully against the wire .
tr	O	Ben 's voice boomed through the apartment , and I abandoned my packing with a sigh .
tr	I	I 'm sure he got the point , but for the record , I was pretty sure he didn 't know the word hell .
tr	I	I 'm still not eager to follow his lead , but it doesn 't protest .
tr	O	I thought I was standing but I felt like I was lying down the way everything was holding me .
tr	I	I considered leaving the room again and his tone was almost harsh .
tr	I	A small beep announced the opening of a discreet panel in the door and he tapped in a six figure code .
tr	O	Obviously , Tate had recognized Hope , but he hadn 't let on that he knew her .
tr	O	His brother asked him something , but he couldn 't hear him .
tr	O	I was imprisoned because I believed this then and I still believe it today .
tr	O	I didn 't know how , but they knew .
tr	O	There were still buildings around in various stages of disrepair , but wilderness was once again taking over the landscape .
tr	I	Please don 't give up on the chance that you 'll walk again , but I know you 're angry right now .
tr	O	The room was a velvet glove , but the iron fist was not far distant .
tr	O	He was so warm , and I was so cold .
tr	O	he asked , and Abe nodded .
tr	I	He placed his hand on her elbow , and he knew this journey had been Sandy 's dream , not hers .
tr	I	He wrapped a strong arm around her waist and Gannon 's eyes softened .
tr	O	Silence followed her words , and even Dustin looked surprised .
tr	O	Both felt confident that the offense could pass at will , but they preferred to save something for Bergamo .
tr	O	They each poured a fresh cup of coffee , and the discussion continued .
tr	O	They think I 'll be fine once they do the mastectomy and I go through chemo .
tr	O	I 've taught them everything my father taught me , and everything his father taught him .
tr	I	James kept his eyes on the buttons to keep himself focused , and they took the elevator to the third floor .
tr	O	The white tents were gleaming against the night sky and the smell of clam broth was in the air .
tr	I	For a moment he worried about getting disoriented , and the pressure was greater the deeper he went .
tr	O	Detective DeVries told us not to leave till she got here or you returned , though she wasn 't sure you were out .
tr	O	It 's low tide , but still , there 's only fifteen feet of rocks before the unruly sea smashes itself against them .
tr	I	He was - Pushing her into the elevator and holding her so tightly .
tr	I	It 's evil , but I haven 't yet been able to determine the reason .
tr	O	My head was in a ball of confusion and I didn 't understand what was going on .
tr	O	She hesitated for just a second , but then the door thrust her forward .
tr	I	He would never know and I could still leave .
tr	O	She glanced up at us , and I felt a rush of possessiveness .
tr	O	Making demands on vampires was likely a fatal proposition , but I had little to lose .
tr	I	Suddenly he had all of my attention and butterflies filled my stomach .
tr	O	She did not think so , but she appreciated his optimistic thinking .
tr	O	I didn 't know how to solve any of those problems , and I was the master at problem solving .
tr	I	They got it and they were doing it for attention .
tr	O	He 's gaining on me , and my breaths are getting shorter .
tr	I	They still had a little under a year to go before they could start trying themselves and Miranda had checked with her doctor .
tr	O	She tried to stand but Colin 's hands prevented her .
tr	O	They heard people shouting outside again and Marcos looked disturbed .
tr	O	She always spent a few minutes mediating before beginning her exercises and new people would just throw off her attention .
tr	I	The tiredness on her face showed the hardships that she had to go on a daily basis , but she was a sweet little kid .
tr	I	Something wasn 't right , but the dream was fading .
tr	I	I didn 't like this , not one bit , and it was more like a hazy conception of both .
tr	I	She was sure she did something wrong when she just wanted to make him come and she saw the intense look in his eye .
tr	O	He 'd asked to come with her , but now she wondered if this was such a good idea .
tr	I	Even though I searched for them , they remained hidden from me , but I could hear birds chirping in the trees .
tr	I	Ibrahim motioned for me to wait but I was about to stand up .
tr	I	I didn 't think I could take being around him every day , but I wanted the job , hell I needed the job .
tr	I	Lying here in this bed felt like the worst , but I 'd done a lot of crappy things in my life .
tr	O	I tossed a pillow at her head and she ducked , laughing .
tr	I	He had to push back the rage that was propelling him forward and his voice was a whisper .
tr	I	Patrick 's reaction was causing my already broken heart to shatter , but I should have anticipated it .
tr	O	He takes a gulp of his and I grip my cold glass tightly .
tr	I	He found himself staring into those dark pools of midnight velvet and her lashes lifted .
tr	O	Misty drew in a breath , prepared to tell him to stop , but the words didn 't come .
tr	O	Perry Como crowed in the background , and lasagna cooked in the oven .
tr	O	He must have gone downstairs while she 'd been talking to the boys , and she simply hadn 't heard the door squeak .
tr	O	I 'll have a cuppa thanks , and a sandwich wouldn 't go amiss .
tr	I	In need of the solitude he was only likely to find in the jungle outside and Lucas shoved to his feet , restless .
tr	O	Her right leg began to bounce , and water sloshed over the rim of her glass .
tr	O	Your purpose manifests in many different ways , yet there will only be one composite outcome .
tr	I	Her resistance wasn 't strong enough to defeat him , but she was attracted to him , fighting it as hard as she could .
tr	I	The others arrived at the patio set on the deck and Decker had returned from the dock by the time Sam .
tr	O	Emelia smiled at the soldier and he nodded gruffly in return .
tr	O	She was concerned about her sister 's illness , worried by the fact that Rylan was in danger and there was no way to warn him .
tr	I	My frustrated response earns me the most wicked grin from Davis , and I say through gritted teeth .
tr	I	They trooped out in the same order they had come in and Lane nodded to his men .
tr	I	A laugh escaped and he twirled her around .
tr	O	He pulls on a cord and the balloon stops rising , then slowly begins a descent back to earth .
tr	O	Miranda squealed and Della laughed .
tr	I	There was an uncomfortable few minutes of silence broken only by the occasional outburst of hysterical laughter and the barman hastily called an ambulance .
tr	I	It wasn 't worth the effort , but Buddy looked over the side of the cart .
tr	O	His eyes widened and he started to panic .
tr	I	He doesn 't know it and he 's in a loop .
tr	O	I let him pull me closer and we start swaying to the music .
tr	I	Neither of them looked a day over twenty-five , but each of them were in their early thirties .
tr	O	They sat on a bench , and Ted reached for her hand .
tr	O	The nearest animal hospital was in Jacksonville , thirty minutes away , and with sudden certainty he knew that the dog wouldn 't last that long .
tr	O	Her arguments were the same ones he 'd been hearing for years , and frankly , he didn 't want to hear them again .
tr	I	Darkness gathered around me when I heard it the second time and that word sent me into a tailspin .
tr	O	He smiled at me , and his eyes glazed over .
tr	I	You have great confidence in playing a role for a certain purpose , and you 're well-spoken , even eloquent .
tr	O	I wasn 't sure he meant that , but I gave him a tight smile anyway .
tr	O	The furniture is a bit old , but we 'll make do for now .
tr	O	My throne lies in this Central Province and I protect the heart of this City .
tr	I	There was no moving him , but I pushed against his chest to get some air .
tr	O	He 'd do that for her , and yet he didn 't love her ?
tr	O	His other hand fastened around my neck , and I heard my own choking noises .
tr	O	This job filled an emptiness within her , and she owed Corinne a huge debt for giving her this chance .
tr	O	You may not understand it now , but parents screw up all the time .
tr	I	Dawson put a massive arm in front of him , but Jason started to follow me .
tr	O	I always knew it was a possibility that I might go on , but I figured it would be a night here , a night there .
tr	I	I made myself comfortable on a log , and the little boy darted forward to tend to the flames .
tr	O	It took him several rings to answer the phone , and his voice was groggy .
tr	O	He lifts his hand in a wave as James peels out of the parking lot , and I know The Program can 't be far behind .
tr	O	I had meant it to be funny , but he hid his awkwardness in a flurry of activity , passing bread , pouring water .
tr	I	She could not find what she was looking for , but her eyes combed the floor .
tr	O	She wanted to ask Sean what was being done , but she couldn 't .
tr	O	Then the President started laughing , and then the General joined him .
tr	I	He swallowed hard and Tony became flush .
tr	I	Her makeup was streaked , and her eyes were red .
tr	O	He felt her lower the arm he 'd grabbed , but she was still trembling .
tr	O	There are shoots going on here and I usually go check them out .
tr	O	I 've been slipping around behind her back taking care of things for her , but that 's all right .
tr	I	Noah hasn 't responded but he 's left several urgent messages .
tr	O	I said , and my mother squeezed my hand , a silent command to stop talking .
tr	O	Kelly sat up too fast , and his head swam .
tr	I	She sobbed once , and her voice cracked .
tr	I	He felt Kelly 's accusations were unfair , and Mike felt attacked .
tr	O	They sensed something hidden but neither would mention the fact .
tr	I	Their minds continued to struggle against it , to refuse the reality of it , but that pain was only beginning to hit them .
tr	I	Apparently , I was wrong and she 's on her feet .
tr	O	Unless the child is very special , that is , and my parents would probably not reveal that information .
tr	O	I 'm a little more than a foot off the ground and he hasn 't even started to stand yet .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt anymore , but I could feel the place where his hand had been a moment before .
tr	O	The guy standing next to me says and I take a step towards him so I 'm not blocking the door .
tr	O	A Santa was holding court on his throne and the line was moving very slowly .
tr	O	The bastard knew how hot he was and he wasn 't ashamed of flaunting it .
tr	O	His shaggy hair is damp and he 's wearing aviator sunglasses .
tr	I	He was also grinning , but Josh was blushing too .
tr	O	I 'm his and he 's mine .
tr	I	He looked away , and I murmured .
tr	I	Telling her , trying to kiss her , but because the truth was I did really like Sally .
tr	I	She was gone and I got up .
tr	I	He could provide human contact , a human voice , but Roy didn 't need to know his dilemma .
tr	I	The wound was on his head , but Jax was trying to be tough .
tr	O	My face feels hot , and I shrink into myself , my shoulders curving in .
tr	I	That bothers me , and I don 't find you to be typical .
tr	I	Even I was surprised at how quickly I caught on , but he expected me to suck at it .
tr	O	My mouth hangs open and I forget to breathe .
tr	I	I felt like I was going to die of pleasure , and my fingers grabbed the sheets as his tongue continued to enter me .
tr	I	Her knife had pierced his windpipe , but Zane tried to gasp .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to explain , and Will jumped in .
tr	O	Kylie could handle Holiday 's intervention , but not this bozo 's , who was doing the dirty with her mom .
tr	I	It dawns on me , and then I remember the kids at the street corner .
tr	O	It was full dark by now , and he 'd be up .
tr	O	Della turned to walk away , and Kylie caught her elbow this time .
tr	I	It was a tall order , but it was all that remained .
tr	O	I should have slapped them away , but I missed him so damn much .
tr	I	Jason wondered whether the creature might be waiting for something , and the tentacles ' thumps eased , too , behind them .
tr	O	It was survival of the fittest after all , and luckily this time they had been the fittest .
tr	O	It was too soon yet , but the day was drawing closer .
tr	I	Yours is the snow falling and my love is a waterfall .
tr	O	Gayle was not the kind of person you crossed , and now she was knee-deep in Mr. Marin 's campaign .
tr	I	I don 't know much about it , and I 've never been a dad before .
tr	I	He took Majestic from her stall and we followed him to the stable .
tr	I	For some reason it wouldn 't come , but there was something more to be said .
tr	I	I knew what Mage was worried about but we could 've easily outrun the trucks .
tr	I	I quickly shook my head , motioning for him to stay put and Riley took a step forward .
tr	I	He just held her closer , but she tried to pull away .
tr	O	He felt his tensed muscles relax at her touch , and he allowed himself to put aside his previous rage .
tr	O	His brother was okay , but he could have died .
tr	I	I push down the sorrow , but as always , he evokes echoes of Doc .
tr	I	Its wheels moaned , and his chair wheezed .
tr	I	There is no place to hide , but I glance around the antechamber .
tr	O	That path was gone now , and no matter how badly I ached to be sisters again , circumstances would never allow it .
tr	O	The game was hours away but she had a thousand things to do first .
tr	O	The panels were placed far apart and each was about twenty feet long , giving the room an open quality that Colton found very inviting .
tr	I	Her red cheeks became puffed and her head started to sway slowly from side to side .
tr	I	He knows it and I hate him .
tr	I	I 'd already learned that with Sebastian , the specifics were often important , but it seemed like an odd request .
tr	I	Wayne drove me to Jamey 's to pick up my car , and when the movie was over we grabbed a bite to eat .
tr	O	I don 't comprehend everything that 's going on here , but if my sister doesn 't want you on our plane , you 're not invited .
tr	O	In the house it felt like the heart of England , But outside it was how she imagined some far away , tropical isle to be .
tr	I	I looked from my husband to the witch and my head jerked .
tr	I	Softly cal ed his name and I tapped my fingers lightly on his cheek .
tr	I	He held his hand up to Cade and Fire blazed in his ice blue eyes .
tr	O	Her pulse was still a little rapid , but the color had returned to her cheeks .
tr	O	It seemed like most of the student body was milling around on the lawn , but only a handful of them looked new , like me .
tr	I	He dropped her off , and she finished her coffee .
tr	I	I knew it and something was different .
tr	O	Jenn had been complaining about their work , and Devon was tired of hearing about it .
tr	O	My voice is once again wistful and eyes closed as I feel the calm settle over me .
tr	I	She maintained caution but Kara trusted again .
tr	O	I roll him over to check his pulse , but his neck 's chopped open , the front of his blackened shirt darkly stained .
tr	I	She had no choice , but she was repelled by the thought of putting the clothes on .
tr	O	He 'd flirt , kiss you senseless , shower you with compliments , and you 'd hold your breath praying he wouldn 't cheat on you .
tr	O	He begins to turn around and his face is expressionless .
tr	I	Hurriedly I floated higher , closer to the ceiling , and a few flakes of ice crystallized on the windowsill nearest me .
tr	I	Whitney insisted on seeing Violet and they had taken him to do the surgery at the hospital .
tr	O	The color came from the gas , and each spike reacted differently to it .
tr	O	A rising wave of jittery nerves crashed against my stomach and I almost stumbled to a stop .
tr	I	For an instant , everything seemed clear , and it fit .
tr	O	For a moment there seemed to be an impasse , but I relented .
tr	O	The other three were in hot pursuit , but it was too little too late .
tr	I	The pieces finally came together , and Henry remembered what the man had called her earlier .
tr	O	I test it , and it can .
tr	I	It was only a moment before Fila began to move again , but there was a moment of surprised pain which made Ned stop altogether .
tr	I	When my brain processed his words , my mouth hung open in disbelief , but it took a minute for what he said to register .
tr	I	I laid down , my front to hers and she gave in to me .
tr	O	The chute opened like a giant mushroom and he was yanked , slowed in descent .
tr	I	It seemed to be too much exaggerated from his side , but he already thought about possibilities to get into contact with her .
tr	O	Another loud noise came from behind her and when she looked , the sky had turned black .
tr	O	It wasn 't a high-class place , but it wasn 't a cockroach barn either .
tr	I	At first , I thought he was surprised by my question , and Dad blinked rapidly .
tr	I	Holly 's pale faces and I looked at Trina .
tr	I	Aria knew he was watching everything , but he stood talking with Loran .
tr	I	Grimshaw sent her to bed , and Katya became quite distraught .
tr	I	Otherwise the atrium was dark , but exit lights above the doors glowed .
tr	O	She laughs at this , but she doesn 't seem bitter .
tr	I	Before walking out he turned to me , but I walked him to the door .
tr	I	He would despise her for it , and he would know if she lied .
tr	O	I let him hold me as tears soak his shirt and he kisses the top of my head , whispering apologies .
tr	O	Times already had turned lean again , and I well knew my own dark pursuits in the alleyways .
tr	I	He scared me and I was silent .
tr	O	I was fast when I was turned , and vampirism made me much , much faster .
tr	O	She 'll panic , and she 'll run .
tr	I	As he did so I quickly brought up mine , and the man in the blue camo raised his gun .
tr	I	I took it , and she put my stuff in a bag .
tr	O	I hated sounding like such a brat , but it was true .
tr	O	The bureaucrat was trembling visibly , and his eyes were wild .
tr	I	She had more than half the shawl yet to knit and next week was our final class .
tr	I	I went past to get the ice and he stepped aside .
tr	I	On some level I was also genuinely attracted to him , but to be honest part of me was compelled by him .
tr	I	He stumbled , and a few pieces of pungent refuse hit Kurt .
tr	I	They settled themselves inside and Jen followed him over to his tepee .
tr	O	Harper could have had the worst taste in the world and I would have loved it regardless .
tr	O	I jerk in my seat , aware no one else heard him say this , but feeling like a huge spotlight has been thrown on me nonetheless .
tr	O	Her eyes were down , staring at the hands bound beneath the restraints , but I could still see the swollen bags beneath .
tr	I	He refuses , but we 've tried to force him to take a vacation .
tr	I	It looked like he wasn 't going to find relief anytime soon and his body was on fire .
tr	I	Everything about this entire series of events is unimaginable to me and he feels so dangerous .
tr	I	I kept on moving , and I kept on counting .
tr	O	They were enormously powerful , and that made Ara quite dubious .
tr	O	Then he seemed to take in Sean 's white face for the first time , and he visibly braced his shoulders .
tr	I	She moans and gripping her hips , her lips part as her head falls back .
tr	O	The unforgiving cold forced me back inside , but no evidence of his presence was left to confirm my sanity .
tr	I	She longed to believe it was real , and she 'd longed for his love .
tr	O	You shall accompany me as my bodyguard and my bodyguard shall be my valet .
tr	O	The discussion is often heated , but I 'm not backing down .
tr	I	I have yet to find its equal anywhere in the world , and I liked it very much as a young man .
tr	I	Approachability all wrapped up in one beautiful package , and she was the picture of class , sophistication .
tr	I	He chuckled and I asked .
tr	O	There were no pupils in her eyes , but I could sense the fear in her .
tr	I	It didn 't , but you 'd think that after getting Casey back , my annoyance level would have dropped .
tr	I	She had done it to herself , and she was trapped , hopelessly trapped .
tr	O	A number of her wishes had come to pass , and some , like the Paris trip , had taken place in unexpected ways .
tr	I	They parted just as he burst through the door , and the footsteps coming up the flagstone told them Chester had arrived .
tr	O	She hadn 't discussed the prospect with him , but she didn 't want to tell Cyrus that .
tr	I	He immediately latched onto it , and his hand brushed against something .
tr	I	It was hard , but tried not to look at him at all , in fact .
tr	O	She didn 't know the date , but at least the location was good .
tr	O	It 's forty billion people and there are few other worlds with even a tenth of its population .
tr	I	He was paying for her services , and she was a professional , after all , with a background in massage therapy .
tr	I	They still had at least an hour 's daylight left , and they hadn 't made it as far as he would like .
tr	O	They were rehearsing act one of their production in there this afternoon , and I couldn 't wait to watch it with full lighting .
tr	O	No matter how much we climbed , all we saw was the station surface ; and it was approaching quickly .
tr	O	One of the shuttles roared past us , and another hung back .
tr	O	Maybe I 'm not Mair , but I 'll figure this out .
tr	O	The door opened and Mulholland stood there with an easy smile .
tr	O	The automatic glass doors went from floor to ceiling , and there was no one around to bar her way .
tr	O	I didn 't think it was the detail I was looking for , but it was possibly related .
tr	I	She gave me a sardonic grin and one of her pale eyebrows arched sexily .
tr	O	She had rarely seen her father angry , especially with her , and she thought quickly .
tr	I	I just can 't go back , not yet , but I know they 're probably burning the house down even as we speak .
tr	I	He stammered for a few seconds and his mouth fell open .
tr	O	The one who sired you will return soon , but he still has far to go .
tr	O	He shouldn 't move off , much , but you never know with riding horses .
tr	O	The old man 's shoulders tilted with the aero fliers , and he clapped his hands together .
tr	I	I could probably change him if I wanted , but it 's sort of gross the way he 's always stoned .
tr	I	I had no doubt she 'd be up now , but it was six a.m. Kat had probably been asleep when I 'd called before .
tr	O	She didn 't know where home was , but anything had to be better than the sterile hospital room .
tr	I	He was suddenly unwilling to take any unnecessary chances , and whatever it was that had Lyle on edge had infected him .
tr	I	The screensaver evaporated , and she typed SSS .
tr	I	We can hear every single word , but as always , his voice is dangerously quiet .
tr	I	She knew she wouldn 't be waking him now and Alex normally worked at home until midnight .
tr	I	He 's amused , but I 'm nervous .
tr	O	My voice broke , and my cheeks turned hot .
tr	I	I could rest in the knowledge that I had done all I could for the time being , but it wasn 't ideal .
tr	O	Do not lose the coin or you won 't be able to get back .
tr	I	It was not what he was looking for , but that much of Reinhard 's explanation made sense .
tr	I	No one would understand his situation again and he knew he had wake up tomorrow .
tr	I	Again , they fell silent , and the girl 's smile returned .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd done it wrong and they really had no true bond .
tr	I	People began to arrive , and the doors swung open .
tr	O	I knew this was coming , but I didn 't want to talk about it yet .
tr	O	At the touch of a button the house lit up and one of three garage doors opened .
tr	O	The man spoke in English but with a heavy German accent , I thought .
tr	I	He gasped for each breath and his sides cramped like crazy .
tr	O	The walk was long and my heart was full of dread .
tr	I	Burning anger flared up inside me , and my grip on my son tightened .
tr	I	I thought we would make it and my apartment was in sight now .
tr	I	I lifted mine up and her face leaned closer to mine .
tr	I	My heart beats harder and his eyes are panicked .
tr	O	They 'll come out when they want something , and you 'll hear them roaring through the village .
tr	O	That 's why we 're here and we aren 't leaving without a fight !
tr	O	The other eight men were older , and I knew them only by reputation .
tr	O	No , she wanted to say , no I 'm not , but when she saw herself reflected in his eyes , she was ruined .
tr	O	It was more than sex , but he couldn 't handle it .
tr	I	There seems to be a small glitch that requires my urgent attention but I would handle it myself .
tr	O	I lifted the leg anterior right while the tail was straightened in automatic , and I started to sniff the air .
tr	O	I try to slide a foot forward , but my muscles are tense , too tense .
tr	O	I seem to recall her being cast , but I didn 't pay much attention to it .
tr	O	Unable to sit still , I stood , and the floor was cool under my bare feet as I padded over to the window .
tr	I	He knew it and he 'd won .
tr	I	One of muscular pillar men was blown up in a fantastic explosion , sending shards flying in all directions , and Duncan snapped his fingers .
tr	I	Duke knew it , and doing the job to Raptor , even at a house show , was big news .
tr	O	They 're yellow , with tiny handles , and mine has a chip along the rim .
tr	I	It had deep pools , but the stream was only a few feet wide .
tr	I	When McBride glanced down at the book , realised he was writing in shorthand , and Ben was still writing in his notebook .
tr	O	Razor buzzed sadly as we came in , and his ears wilted .
tr	O	Case followed , and he made sure to keep a tight grip on the remote that controlled David 's silver collar .
tr	I	It felt so real and Sara worked with them .
tr	I	She agreed about Diego 's heat level , but Cassidy hadn 't met all Latino men .
tr	I	Alice could not help feeling that a wall seemed to have risen between them , and Arlen had barely spoken since it happened .
tr	I	His pale eyes gleamed at that proud motion , and she lifted her chin .
tr	I	I take this inside and Let 's you .
tr	I	There are people everywhere , but mom glances behind her again .
tr	I	It would never be enough , and it was too long .
tr	O	Guilt coiled heavily in her chest , and she stared down at her hands .
tr	O	The doors to the train opened and bodies filed in , in haste .
tr	I	They did not fall , but tears filled my eyes .
tr	I	She would do it and she had a job to do .
tr	O	It would be destroyed already and everything would be business as usual for all of us .
tr	I	After a while the repetition lulls me into a drowsy state of indifference , and the pulse monitor hooked up to my middle finger beeps steadily .
tr	I	He 'd have thrown it out in an instant or he 'd had no idea what it was for .
tr	I	I suddenly regretted saying the words that were best guaranteed to do so , and I didn 't want him to push me away .
tr	I	Amelia 's comments had only led to more questions about the puzzling Madeline Spencer , but her friend had been more forthcoming .
tr	O	He brought home wine , and he 's making dinner ?
tr	I	Rena didn 't let them stop her from saying what she 'd come to say , but his words stung .
tr	O	He was intent and he believed it .
tr	I	She cried so and it stung Adelle .
tr	O	He didn 't know what had become of her , and he was loathe to see her harmed again .
tr	O	Daphne turned her glare to me , but I glared right back at her .
tr	O	Cynthiana 's protector was either gambling that they 'd come back ... or he knew another reason why I 'd be a valuable hostage .
tr	O	A loud thump made her start , and she turned to see Raphael landing , knees bent , just a few feet from her .
tr	I	Her face looks red in the dim porch light , but she has to be cold .
tr	O	They 'd had none of the tense atmosphere between them today , but with one sentence , she felt the pull to him again .
tr	O	There was a gap in the attacks , but they started up again earlier this year .
tr	I	His facial expression was intense and his mouth was clenched shut .
tr	O	I 'm practically bursting at the seams wanting to tell her my good news , and she 's not answering .
tr	I	He lied to me and he tried to control me .
tr	O	I tore my eyes away from Pogo , and he barked as the door clicked shut .
tr	I	Before she could even open her mouth , Luna stood up and Chapter Three Mrs. Chandler looked at the girl on the floor .
tr	I	She seemed to have taken an increasing liking to them , but he could remember a time when Vin had looked frighteningly awkward in a dress .
tr	I	I feel an insurmountable wave of depression lift over me and my chest tightens .
tr	O	She felt a certain pride in that and she knew she gave her clients satisfaction .
tr	I	Men stood in attitudes of combat before the main gate , and Smoke wafted into the blue skies from the blazing ruins on the hilltop .
tr	O	It took a year , but we finally became friends again .
tr	I	The fog made it hard to see , but I tried to navigate more carefully .
tr	I	Jake recalled her earlier description of Ur intelligence , but Marika certainly appreciated his help .
tr	O	That really made no sense to me , but I nodded .
tr	O	His voice started to vibrate violently , and he buried his face in her hair .
tr	O	It was only a few more steps to Edan , and the man dropped to his knees .
tr	I	She was still wearing her t-shirt but he wanted to kiss her breasts .
tr	I	She was at my complete mercy and I was too strong for her .
tr	O	At last I managed to stop crying , and he kissed the top of my head .
tr	O	His human facade was crumbling with his rage and his real features were showing through .
tr	I	You can make a pretty good incendiary device with it , but I 'm not a big fan of nail polish myself .
tr	I	Matthew boarded the train with Bax , and the conductor took their tickets .
tr	I	He was exhausted , and they had been running from the trackers for nearly a week .
tr	I	Things boiled out of it and it split open .
tr	I	She gave me a bottle of her perfume , but Karen has wandered off .
tr	O	The next couple of years were quiet , and that made me very edgy .
tr	I	It was lit perfectly well by the walls themselves , but there were no windows to the room .
tr	I	I hoped that Katie could swim well , and I knew we couldn 't come up until we reached safety .
tr	O	Dinner for two sat on the table , but there was no one in the room .
tr	I	The white of his fur seemed to glow and the colors lining his stripes flickered in their shifting rainbow .
tr	I	You come in hard and you come in fast .
tr	O	My eyes meet hers in the mirror and she stares at me for several seconds .
tr	O	He lifted her in his arms and she clung around his neck as he walked to the house .
tr	O	No one was here , but she could hear voices .
tr	O	Someone has to work to mend the Tower , and I am the best choice .
tr	I	I began to shake and something surged through me .
tr	I	I am one of them , and you have few champions , Louisa .
tr	O	Her sandy scales disappeared and she seemed to shrink .
tr	I	He was already walking away , but he tried to hit the man 's grubby shoes .
tr	O	Everything 's more effort because you 're lugging 20kg of suit around with you , and your movement is limited .
tr	O	After the aliens arrived our education had become more restricted and NASA had been shut down six months after .
tr	I	She went without fighting the strong compulsion , but a part of her brain analyzed that , how it could possibly be .
tr	I	I think it 's too long in coming , and it 's time for a change , Ben .
tr	I	We 'd talk about it on Sunday and told me to get the kids home .
tr	O	He slid from the camera 's angle , but Brittany stayed .
tr	I	There are only , like , three in the Chicago area , and they usually try to stay away from vamp drama .
tr	I	His pale skin seemed to glow with an almost luminous light against the shadows , and he was built big .
tr	O	I knew sometimes girlfriends of the players went to watch , but I didn 't think I quite qualified for that status .
tr	O	The light subsided , and when he removed his hand an intricate Celtic cross scarred my skin .
tr	O	Most of the blood had dried , closing the wound , but some of it had worked its way into her hair .
tr	O	Not that Julia would ever go snooping , but he didn 't want one to accidentally pop up .
tr	I	He blocked it with his foot , but I started to close the door .
tr	I	He was pretty sure he knew why and she 'd been traumatized .
tr	O	it might be worse , and then again it might be a good deal better .
tr	O	She didn 't want to show any weakness to him but it was difficult because he was behaving in an unfamiliar manner .
tr	I	I didn 't like any of them , and there were a thousand words in that one wink .
tr	O	Her life was heading down a path she would 've considered impossible just ten days earlier , but the baby she was carrying changed everything .
tr	O	He 's trapped and I need to save him .
tr	O	She did her best to distract Gabriella from her terror as breathing became more difficult , and the intense heat engulfed them .
tr	I	I think you should take things easy , and you 're recovering from a head trauma .
tr	I	They 're here , but I haven 't seen them .
tr	O	Jude had been a big deal back at Syracuse , of course , but now playing for the NFL would mean a whole new level of fame .
tr	I	I heard anyway , but I didn 't think she meant for any of us to hear .
tr	O	Spencer 's nose itched , and she thought she smelled a cigarette smoldering somewhere close .
tr	I	His hunger had been too great , overshadowed only by his anger , but he should have been more careful with her .
tr	O	Zane 's throat was too tight to swallow past , and his next breath came out a choked sob .
tr	I	I choose a new one , and I can choose what history I build my future on .
tr	I	She did nothing to stop them , and tears streamed openly down her face .
tr	I	Still , he was pleased , but Hunter wasn 't surprised she 'd already heard .
tr	O	There are boards that pave the way to the other side and the floor sways underneath my feet as I step onto it .
tr	O	Caroline had dated Jack for a month the previous year , and Mabry knew she had done all she could to sink her claws into him .
tr	I	Then they would be happy , and he would wait for her .
tr	O	I moved my hand to take the dime , and he closed his hand gently around mine .
tr	O	Emeline thought she hid it well , but Samuel must 've felt her start nonetheless .
tr	O	I want her , and she wants me , too .
tr	I	I realized he was smiling , and the corner of his mouth flicked up the tiniest amount at the edge .
tr	O	Just looking at the man gave her chills , but what he said next had every sense reeling .
tr	O	He struggled at first as I brought him over the fence , but then settled down as he saw us all .
tr	I	Instead it was the voice of a worried woman , but it wasn 't the voices coming from the door .
tr	I	I see that same need in you and I look into your mind .
tr	O	His dark , wavy hair hung loose , and his face was freshly shaved .
tr	O	His golden eyes were gleaming in the moonlight , and I stared right back at him .
tr	I	It didn 't seem to help , but Emily coughed a few more times .
tr	I	He had yet to reveal , and what he wanted me to glean from these classic texts , I could not imagine .
tr	O	He 'd offered her the emotional support she 'd needed for so long , and that was a powerful aphrodisiac .
tr	I	Her side of the family would not be refused , but even her uncle did not understand her request to join the Templars .
tr	O	The corridor on the other side of the door was dark and Jared 's eyes took some time to adjust to the gloom .
tr	I	They 'd all gone inside , shutting up the doors just as tight as they could , and it was the first really hot night that summer .
tr	I	It looked to Jain like he was going to cry , but the lantern light cast weird shadows that distorted his features .
tr	O	The air around us was heavy with steam , and I drew it into my lungs , savouring the warmth as it flowed through me .
tr	I	She didn 't care , but when it was over , her ears were left ringing .
tr	I	It took me precious seconds to find him , and I searched for John as I hung there .
tr	I	He pointed to the door to the house and he got this mad look on his face , that was more sexy than scary .
tr	O	I felt the irritating rush of heat in my chest and I couldn 't understand how he could remain so calm .
tr	O	Her husband was Valentine 's closest friend , and she would have betrayed me to him immediately .
tr	O	Emergence had been painful , but he would never have recalled just how painful if this experience hadn 't reminded him of it .
tr	O	He will sense your presence , and you will feel his triumph .
tr	O	Men arrived with a wicker hurdle , and we gently lifted him onto it .
tr	O	Three of the four barn doors on each end still worked , and the fourth one was permanently sealed in a closed position .
tr	O	Bibliography This novel is entirely fictitious , but the underlying research programs are real .
tr	I	She needed to face the inevitable and when they turned onto her parents ' street , an unsettling thought popped into her head .
tr	O	A few more passes and he would look like himself again .
tr	O	Follow , and I 'll find your soldier for you .
tr	I	Cole found himself being more vocal than usual , and her groans grew louder , less contained .
tr	I	His gestures were quite tempting , and it had been so long since I had had the pleasures of a man .
tr	O	Many of the Lions had never lost , and as a whole they did so gracefully .
tr	O	I looked up , and Zeus 's throne was empty .
tr	O	Our eyes lock over one another , and I can feel the sorrow stretching between us like taffy .
tr	I	Before her stood a long row of doors , most of them closed , and she entered the hallway .
tr	I	That was enough , but he only had an acre .
tr	I	It was true , but I almost wanted to laugh at how cheesy that sounded .
tr	I	She was right , but it was impossible .
tr	I	The boy dragged himself up the steps to reach a corridor , and then there were stairs .
tr	I	These things do happen but I wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	I was out and it slammed open .
tr	I	He kissed me sweetly and as we both came down , his thrusts slowed to a leisurely pace .
tr	I	It 's not in a field , but it 's not in a city .
tr	O	He stroked her bare back with his thumb and she shivered .
tr	I	His body convulsed against mine but I couldn 't take much .
tr	I	I giggle as he slips around at first , and the tip is slippery from the lube on the condom .
tr	O	Then the crops failed , and the plague hit .
tr	O	Weber swears , and I realize through my daze that it 's the first time I 've ever heard him curse .
tr	I	I 'd get over him somehow , but it would take a long time .
tr	I	That was a mistake , and I had wanted to find logic in my life .
tr	I	She wouldn 't listen , but I told your mother .
tr	I	The whole room became a chaotic scramble and suddenly shots sounded .
tr	O	It didn 't look as if the woods were going to end , but they would soon .
tr	I	My mother had taken the chance to invite him for breakfast , and Gideon had showed up this morning to pick me up for school .
tr	I	We 've also got to keep an eye out for that Troll , and that Seeker thing could set just about anybody on us .
tr	I	I wondered how they had done it , and it looked very realistic .
tr	I	The mother follows with an apology , and a small boy zips across the sidewalk , nearly plowing into Courtney .
tr	O	The sound of pottery shattering cut him off , and Lux pulled his fist from his broken plate .
tr	I	I work at and he even has a job at the diner Greyson .
tr	I	She 'd never flinched , never once made a mistake and eight years of her life had been spent in torture .
tr	I	They made their way backstage and the lights went dark again .
tr	I	The guard tied him to the tree , and he was ordered to sit .
tr	O	Yes , he was aware of her in a base sexual sense , but something else hit him too .
tr	O	Course he wrote it back in the fifties , and I suppose when nothing happened right away people just forgot it .
tr	I	I wondered what he was thinking , and Noah watched me for a second , eyes narrowed , focus intent .
tr	I	He knew who it was without turning around , but Buzz ' mouth fell open in surprise .
tr	I	No one would understand , but Father was the next best thing to Mother .
tr	I	For a moment , it was like she was watching something I couldn 't see , and her eyes widened a little .
tr	I	I teleported away just as quickly , but he tried to lunge at me .
tr	O	We were naturally athletic as a race , and our metabolisms allowed us to eat like monsters .
tr	I	Still the heat lingered , but she pulled her hand back quickly .
tr	O	Maybe it was because Zeke was at the school and I had the sudden compulsion to cheer .
tr	I	That was odd , and not since I 'd come out of the Elixir high .
tr	I	She wasn 't sure why , but Marguerite felt Wren tense around her .
tr	I	His arm went around me and I laid my head on his heart .
tr	O	She felt him relieved by her return , and he pressed her close , moved her body behind his as his phone kept buzzing .
tr	O	I scrambled to my feet again and my gun clattered to the floor .
tr	O	She is also lovely and I am a healthy man .
tr	O	He hadn 't been happy at the lake house when she had mentioned she was seeing someone , and she had been jokingly talking about him .
tr	O	He held out his elbow and I stared at him unmoving .
tr	O	I saw the image in my mind and I felt scared to even describe it .
tr	O	Branches grabbed at her and rocks turned up underfoot .
tr	O	It was nicer than Hank deserved , but I had an ulterior motive .
tr	I	I stare at the numbers on my phone , and she leaves .
tr	I	She was afraid she 'd lose Jacob if they moved into one of them and the homes were enormous .
tr	O	He was Breed , a predator by nature , but the vampire in him had never scared Claire .
tr	I	She knew she could use a fresh pair of clothes , but thank goodness the rest of her was still clean .
tr	O	Their skin lay flat on their bones and their raggedy clothes flapped loose on their joints .
tr	I	She was not wrong , and Sadie assumed he must be about to perform for them also .
tr	O	The path he always took wasn 't the quickest , but he thought it was the most scenic .
tr	I	The scent of blood lingered in the air , but the dead guards had been taken away .
tr	I	Every moment had stuck with him , but the woman had been a brief light in his life .
tr	I	I feel relieved that she is okay and I see Victoria talking with her friends .
tr	O	His room might be on the complete opposite side of the house from my room , sure , but it was something .
tr	I	His head snapped around so quickly it sent painful twinges down his neck and a cold wind fogged across him then .
tr	I	Grace told her she had no choice , but Macy , of course didn 't want to go .
tr	I	I sensed a certain subterfuge in his carefully phrased question , and he asked .
tr	I	I bet he 's underestimating her , too , but Nicholas examines her as if she were the least of his worries .
tr	O	The hall was crowded , and we began moving to the public part of the club .
tr	O	I might be looking at bed rest if it doesn 't stop , but if it does , I should be good to go .
tr	O	They arrived and she got out of the car with a knot in her throat .
tr	I	He would be safer and she would be safer .
tr	O	Her words were slurred , and her eyes seemed unfocused .
tr	I	His heart wasn 't buying a word of it , but everything coming out of his mouth was perfectly logical .
tr	O	Shelby fell out of my grip , deadweight , and I fell back into the cabinets behind me .
tr	O	He was wearing a hospital gown , and he was hooked up to lots of things .
tr	O	I 'm still strapped into the seat belt , which supports my weight , but my head rests on the steering wheel .
tr	I	There were so many opportunities for a girl like her and it was a wonderful town .
tr	I	The twinkle in his eyes made her laugh , but he sounded nearly as shaky as she felt .
tr	O	She 'd killed it in her anger , and now she had to pay the price .
tr	I	I tried to ignore it , and I felt a drop of sweat running down my face , tickling my cheek .
tr	O	It sits uneasily in my stomach , and I whimper , trying not to picture what I 've just eaten .
tr	I	I ducked and he threw the ball as hard as he could at me .
tr	I	His voice drops , and he hesitates , debating whether to say something .
tr	O	Yes , he was a demanding lover , but he gave so much more than he took .
tr	I	He turned at the sound of her approach and her heels clicked on the wood floor .
tr	O	Their faces were muted by the swirl of angry blue fog , and whatever Max was shouting at her was lost in the whirlwind .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be easy and it wouldn 't be overnight .
tr	O	He chomped down hard on his tobacco and a trickle of dark liquid ran to his beard , already heavily stained .
tr	I	He followed her carefully down the hall to the elevator , and they locked up .
tr	I	None of them fought back , yet the prisoners seethed with hatred .
tr	I	In that instant he saw guilt , and Nick 's gaze locked with Danvers .
tr	O	I heard Derek protest , but she just ignored him .
tr	O	She was talking but I heard not .
tr	I	I don 't want to do this anymore , but I don 't know what I came for .
tr	O	The bluish evening air was still , and there weren 't any lights on in her family 's main house .
tr	O	Nash loaded some in his cargo pockets and I carried a few in my hands .
tr	O	The boys wanted to try their hand at gambling and the girls wanted to see the changes to the Strip since their last visit .
tr	I	I had no idea and he broke into my home .
tr	I	Everything was going to be okay until you did that to Kip and he 's dead .
tr	O	I drank almost the whole bottle and I was trashed off my ass .
tr	I	I enjoyed the show and he was pulling his shirt off .
tr	I	There was no telltale fragrance , but he scented the air .
tr	O	She swiveled on the bar stool as he approached and Jackson took that moment to size her up completely .
tr	O	Tasha gulped , and the teacup clattered on its saucer again as her hand renewed its tremors .
tr	I	We advanced towards them , and I yelled .
tr	O	We entered further into the foyer , and that 's when she noticed Adrian .
tr	I	Matthew suddenly recognized him and he was the fishy riot leader with a musket .
tr	O	She started taking them for headaches , and she kept on taking them .
tr	I	Suspected something had been strung up as a hasty security measure and he 'd caught a flash of light from the area twice .
tr	I	Her legs crossed properly , as she focused typing at her computer and her posture was perfect .
tr	O	It was solid like metal and I began to tremble .
tr	O	Everything was so hard on her , but this had been the worst .
tr	I	He checks the text , and his phone goes off .
tr	O	Neither do I. I want to , but I can 't .
tr	O	Then she went back to torturing him until she felt his hot seed flood her mouth , and the tangy taste of him almost undid her .
tr	O	They had cleaned the apartment , and the room felt foreign without the normal clutter .
tr	O	Not that she knew me back then , but I could see how she 'd find that funny .
tr	I	A hand caught my wrist , and I reached above my head to pull my hood down .
tr	O	Then his eyes refocused , and he realized that the girl was staring at him .
tr	O	You sure are your father 's son and I couldn 't be more proud of you .
tr	O	Tyler nodded encouragingly at him , but Spock just wagged his tail .
tr	I	Still crying he gave her a bloodshot stare and he rubbed his temples .
tr	O	Their focus was not preservation of human life but minimizing lost profit .
tr	O	They were praying for a miracle , but it seemed that fate had other designs for the little boy .
tr	I	She wanted to prepare for the first one and several clients had scheduled appointments over the course of the day .
tr	I	She wrapped her arms around me and I reached out for Sarah .
tr	I	That won 't matter , but you 'll lose more than your share of battles .
tr	I	The second group is probably right , but the first group is wrong ( I hope ) .
tr	I	She sensed him close by , and Jacques ' voice was firm .
tr	O	Blood spurted as Judd 's nose broke , and Judd flopped to the floor , screaming .
tr	I	They both knew this was it and a heavy glance passed between them .
tr	I	He 'd been too stung , too disappointed that she hadn 't come for the reasons he 'd wished ... ? , but he 'd wanted to .
tr	I	They might not tie him up , and if they thought he was hurt enough , they wouldn 't consider him any more of a threat .
tr	O	I probably shouldn 't say it , but it made her look just a bit like a mushroom .
tr	O	The First Lord saw it coming , and he reacted with admirable speed .
tr	O	A column , supporting the roof , stopped her progress and she reversed course , moving back to where she started .
tr	I	He couldn 't blame me for that but I knew he had a bad day .
tr	I	He nodded , and I asked .
tr	O	She easily felt the hard thrust of his erection , but she refused to give in to his silent urging .
tr	I	He 's still a smart guy , but Zander may be acting like a fool when it comes to Ivy .
tr	O	We saw you on the Mercury News , and they said were in Moab .
tr	I	I realize that my pitiful performance is getting captured on film , and he 's pointing the camera at me .
tr	I	A toilet pushed against the side , and an enzyme spray hose slithered from the far wall .
tr	I	I did not wish to turn around and she motioned with her weapon over my shoulder .
tr	I	He set the beat , but I rocked into him .
tr	I	Unlike most impressions , they weren 't through the perspective of just one person , but Chapter 11 Images exploded across my mind .
tr	I	Rachel had time to notice his teeth , suddenly sharp , and * The dog came fast , pouncing toward her .
tr	I	I 've been watching you ever since , and he told me when you came back .
tr	O	Nightingale turned sharply to face them , but they had vanished .
tr	I	The lifting up is His death on the cross , and the Son of man is Jesus Christ .
tr	O	Ethan was kicking at my leg to wake me up , and I reached out to wake Raine once I was conscious .
tr	O	My days are numbered , but yours are just starting .
tr	O	Certainly he could fight his dismissal , but such a battle would be time-consuming .
tr	O	The pin looked innocent enough , but he didn 't trust it .
tr	O	The driver leans out his window to punch a code into a keypad , and the gates whir smoothly open .
tr	O	I made her take a shower , and she argued with me this time .
tr	O	She felt lightheaded even more , and her body tingled .
tr	O	It sounded like a fine idea to him , but he didn 't relish the thought of leaving her very delectable body to venture downstairs .
tr	I	For some moments the right words eluded her , and Frances was equally astounded to see the doctor .
tr	O	Jim slept as his mind kept trying to focus on his angel , but yet , she still had no face .
tr	O	Lucy looked over at Tyra and there was a long pause .
tr	I	He didn 't say it back , and I told him that I loved him .
tr	I	There was a single white rose in the center and Twelve were red .
tr	I	I failed for the umpteenth time , but I tried to read the thoughts he kept so well hidden .
tr	I	Staring death in the face snapped something inside me , but spying for the good of others was one thing .
tr	I	From behind it , Daisy could hear Mrs Hurley 's loud voice , ordering someone about , but the larder door was closed .
tr	I	The words fell dead upon the pillow , but with every gasped breath she pleaded with him .
tr	I	It was still hard to watch someone so young with a tube down their throat , but I already knew he 'd be intubated .
tr	O	Chase 's body slid down hers , and his mouth pressed to her sex .
tr	O	I press my forehead into the pillow next to her and we both try to catch our breath .
tr	O	He was struggling with the exercise , another round of parrying Byron 's attacks with the heavy practice sword , but he was trying .
tr	I	Ian held up his hand , but Spencer started to cry out .
tr	I	Warren glanced over his shoulder , and I went stiff with shock .
tr	I	The journey took week upon week , but in times long gone , they would assemble on beasts of burden .
tr	O	I could not hear what he said , but the tension left her body , until she allowed herself to lean back against him .
tr	I	The little girl 's smile turned into a look of amazement with her mouth wide open and the audience gasped .
tr	I	She spent her days being punished and the world was close to ending !
tr	I	He was a vain one at that , but he might have been a lackey .
tr	O	Winston 's sensors registered an increase in ambient temperature , but this did nothing to limber his frozen joints .
tr	O	She handed them to him , and he tossed them to a nearby table .
tr	I	She was staring at her hands , and her head was down .
tr	O	She 'd already done that twice , and it was embarrassing in the extreme .
tr	O	She had always healed fast , ever since she was a little girl , and she had never been sick .
tr	I	All was to no avail , but she fought against the bondage of paralysis to grip again the mace that had slipped from her hand .
tr	O	She 'd been right there , and they hadn 't seen her .
tr	I	They walked into the family room and the young girl grabbed Zoe 's hand .
tr	O	It was a fever dream and I couldn 't get enough .
tr	I	He deserved it , but I might 've tried to soften the fall .
tr	O	I 'd managed to pull off decent enough grades , but my MCAT scores didn 't cut it .
tr	O	It smelled good , but Sadie didn 't want to waste any time .
tr	O	This had been done dozens of times before , but Ellis always checked again before insertion .
tr	O	Ron took a corner fast and Sara slid against the door .
tr	O	Andra squeezed a stream of power into a tight ball and flung it out of her body at the thing .
tr	I	You are way out of control , but I know how hard it 's been on you since Hailey left .
tr	O	I know what I want , and I want you .
tr	O	I was tired right then , but I wasn 't saying that .
tr	O	This boy couldn 't be more than fourteen years old , and his small size made me wonder if he was younger .
tr	I	Thin lines of dried blood caked his skin as though he 'd scratched himself in his fury , and strands of hair matted to his face .
tr	O	The shower heated in seconds and I stepped into the hot blast of water , the knots in my shoulder melting away .
tr	O	I looked toward Cade for an answer but he was keenly studying the pile with his hand resting against a beam .
tr	I	His expression became one of mock surprise , and I emitted a low , rumbling growl .
tr	O	A thrill runs through the crowds and a moment later , a dart of fire spurts from the bowels of the three giants .
tr	I	I started to feel chilly , wanting the covers over top of me , and the sweat on my body evaporated .
tr	O	No state was 100 % yet , but at least the basic services of life were being provided .
tr	O	Luncheon would be served shortly and that seemed to be the only time lately when she had a few moments of his charming discourse .
tr	O	I wanted to call him out , but first I needed to stop them from fussing over me .
tr	O	I usually don 't need it as I let the borders fade but at this moment , I feel a need to stick within the lines .
tr	I	She answered and he asked questions .
tr	I	The destination will follow , and take the journey Wil .
tr	O	Kaylin 's noise barrier was up when she walked in , but I could tell something was wrong .
tr	I	Honestly , he 'd seemed like half a person after that , and I 'd only ever seen one person who had come back .
tr	O	You 'll be watched , as per policy for newcomers , but I expect you to get a solid night 's sleep .
tr	O	He wasn 't scared to dream anymore and now he wanted to dream to reach the sky .
tr	O	He scanned back along the timber the way he had come , but he saw no truck lights .
tr	I	The sun seemed its usual angry late-summer self , but Rachel had found herself squinting through the windshield up at the bright sky above .
tr	I	Our Storm Lord was worried , but I wasn 't sure why .
tr	I	Everything was yet to be gained and a grin broke out across her face as she realized nothing had been lost .
tr	O	Water must run downhill , and you must be told .
tr	O	Chance asked her something , and she spared him a glance to answer .
tr	I	I wrapped the towel around myself before making my way back to my room , and my heart wrenched .
tr	I	They don 't even have a computer , and the Reed family is poor .
tr	I	For a second , I wondered if Samuel would snap Violet 's neck , too , simply to show his power , and Samuel stood above them .
tr	I	The vapor made her eyes water and Sarah forced herself to take a deep breath .
tr	I	I was actually pretty scared and the alcohol was wearing off .
tr	I	He 's using the same moron to come after me and he had my father killed .
tr	I	It 's eaten me alive , just like this damn cancer , and I 've kept this inside me all these years .
tr	I	His manner was decidedly shifty , and today the eyes seemed shifty .
tr	I	Chocolate milk comes out my nose and I snort .
tr	I	I winced and sharp , slicing pain erupted behind my eyes .
tr	I	The most talked about girl in school had to be interesting and being head cheerleader .
tr	O	Violate too many and you 're out .
tr	O	He nipped at it with his teeth and I cried out .
tr	O	I was going to walk on , but I heard my name .
tr	I	That person no longer existed , but I had been Ezra Faulkner , golden boy .
tr	I	When they weren 't together , she inevitably found her thoughts drifting toward him , and Luke made the world more vivid somehow , more real .
tr	O	Neither of us pick dare , but we always ask .
tr	I	I dug my nails into my palms , and as the seconds passed , my chest tightened .
tr	O	Fire explodes through my hand , and I shout as blisters form on my palm .
tr	O	I take his hand and we move in the opposite direction .
tr	I	They were rare , but he had known such occasions before .
tr	I	I can 't be totally certain because it doesn 't sound quite human , but I 'm pretty sure it 's me .
tr	I	Her fingernails are beautifully done in baby blue , but her clothes are terrifically unfashionable .
tr	O	Life just progressed and everyone lost themselves ?
tr	O	She stretched , and seeing all those flushed curves on such display made Toren 's c * ck twitch with interest .
tr	O	There were no headlights behind us , but I knew Dad was out there .
tr	O	The vacuum cleaner silenced and he still hadn 't convinced her .
tr	I	She didn 't plan on starting now and giving up wasn 't in her nature .
tr	I	The act of chivalry was still charming , but she wasn 't sure how she felt about him yet .
tr	I	I wondered if mine had the same effect on him , and the green of his eyes was as lovely as usual .
tr	I	I panicked , grasping his arm tightly as tears filled my eyes and he reached over me to turn out the light .
tr	O	His frown grew almost angry , but she could swear she spotted a bit of guilt in his eyes , too .
tr	I	Abby won , and they had argued vehemently .
tr	I	I was granted an emergency leave to attend the funeral , and Seventeen My dad died seven weeks later .
tr	O	I nodded , and Connie gestured across the lobby .
tr	O	The kiss was enough to turn the switch again , and suddenly he was all warm potential in my arms .
tr	O	We paid our bill with relief and I was grateful that we had gone unnoticed .
tr	I	Far away a siren sounded , and Traffic droned next to him .
tr	O	Steam rose from the filled bath , and the scent of roses drifted to her nose .
tr	O	Mom only yelled at him , and Joey sided with his sister .
tr	I	The thin gruel we ate for supper didn 't cheer anybody up , and when we moved on , we were a bleak , unhappy group .
tr	O	Situations like this called for serious thinking and she could only think if she was calm .
tr	O	Your ability to see the gate is extremely rare and this part of the grid continues on like I don 't even exist .
tr	I	My heart drops to my stomach , and Skyla doesn 't say anything else .
tr	I	I couldn 't lead him on , and his eyes grew wide with hope .
tr	I	Even they knew to stay out of his way , and the only people who were welcome on his ranch were the ones who worked there .
tr	O	Well , I never did -- and it is not easy .
tr	O	The realization struck her hard and she rolled off him , turning away .
tr	I	She waves them off , but the other girls try to quiet her .
tr	I	I feel the walls of the city are weak , but he has quite an advantage being able to see the enemy approaching from all sides .
tr	O	He has chosen his path and it is a one-way journey .
tr	O	My family will understand no matter what we do , and I 've already explained the situation to my brothers .
tr	O	His eyes locked with Carmine 's after a moment , and even across the room he could see the coldness .
tr	O	Jess 's ears filled with the sound of roaring blood , muffling his vitriol , but she understood his threat to teach her proper behavior .
tr	O	Noah had a lot of juice and he was backing me for partner .
tr	O	There was a picnic basket next to me , and other people were scattered around the grass enjoying themselves .
tr	O	I 've wondered about this for years , but without Caretakers to explain everything to me , I always just assumed it would never make sense .
tr	I	His fantasy was keeping them apart , but he obviously wanted her .
tr	I	There would be no information volunteered by Raven , and there were no questions asked by the elders .
tr	I	For now she was trying to stick by the rules but before long she 'd be giving head back there without concern .
tr	I	He rolled his eyes and James looked at her .
tr	O	I also had no idea how long I had been away , but I enjoyed the feeling of the wind blowing across my face .
tr	O	At the close range it was easy , and Tom went down without a sound .
tr	I	I knew my bikini bottoms would come off next , and his greedy gaze roamed over me .
tr	O	A car would have made him truly speechless , but this was pretty good .
tr	I	Mom says that will change but I don 't like girls .
tr	O	His hand dropped , but he stepped closer .
tr	O	His eyes were strained , and his hair messy .
tr	I	A serene smile touched her lips , and she had dark blond hair .
tr	I	Somehow she doubted it , but perhaps she still had enough of her power so she could conjure the image of the beast .
tr	O	He wasn 't betrothed and that made him available .
tr	I	With numbers in their favour , the Welsh would win and in a few minutes the enemy assault would hit the embankment .
tr	O	He shook his head , bothered more than he should be by the fact that she was injured and nobody close to her knew .
tr	O	I look at Onyx and he shrugs his shoulders .
tr	O	I knew what I was getting into , and I am going to uphold my end of the bargain , no matter what happens .
tr	O	He sighed , lowering his thick lashes briefly , but not before I noticed the look of torment that crossed his features .
tr	O	Not that he would have admitted it to anyone , but he was actually starting to feel a bit scared .
tr	O	He had pared his list of witnesses to five , and he had planned for their testimony to run no more than four days .
tr	I	Cameron eased up a bit , and Shane hung his head in shame .
tr	I	There was no avoiding it , but swallowing his pride left a bitter taste in his mouth .
tr	I	We passed along the same horror to them they had been handing out around Paris , and I opened the door .
tr	I	Then again I don 't but I know him .
tr	O	Every year he grumbled about his dignity , and every year he ran in the race for charity .
tr	I	She could feel herself throbbing between her legs , and her entire body had turned soft , pliant against him .
tr	O	Gray cringed as the front tires hit the first set of wooden ties , but the stout beams held .
tr	O	For a moment the conversation hit a lull , and Julie reached for her wineglass .
tr	I	It was one of those theories hard to prove , but the debate still raged in all the major universities .
tr	I	I leave him with thoughts , returning to the river and at that he turns back to face his target tree .
tr	O	Miguel came over , and we all speculated about what we might find inside .
tr	I	I was really pissed off yesterday morning , and when I 'm angry , it 's hard to contain my ability .
tr	I	The needle moved with me , and I took a step forward .
tr	I	She said nothing for the moment on that subject but Victoria 's eyebrows went up at Laci 's instantaneous defense of Sal .
tr	O	A single knock sounded on the door , and Franco stuck his head in the room .
tr	I	To relax and to think .
tr	O	This homecoming had to happen on his terms , or it couldn 't happen at all .
tr	O	We had to get out of there and pray the demons didn 't follow us .
tr	I	They can make mistakes and they can be tricked .
tr	O	Mom sounded like a high pitched , squeaky , teenage girl and it was kind of funny .
tr	O	The window cracked , and flame raced inside .
tr	O	I know it , and you know it .
tr	O	His body was , but he wasn 't .
tr	O	Daniel stepped into the big hands and Mr. Hartley gently lifted him up .
tr	O	My phone started ringing , and I reached in my pocket to get it .
tr	O	His eyebrows raised and he shifted on his feet , the tension returning to his body .
tr	O	Matt took on two rushers knocking one down in what almost looked like a hold , but he gave Alex time to run down the field .
tr	I	She was sitting on the sofa and I walked into the living room .
tr	I	I looked back at Etienne and I forced myself to smile a small smile at Lucien , take in the elegant dining room where we were seated .
tr	I	I assumed they knew that , and if the food tasted like antiseptic , there was going to be hell to pay .
tr	I	She sank deeper onto him and her knees weakened .
tr	O	I have no idea what that means , but not heading home right away is tempting .
tr	O	Her voice turned over the top flirtatious on the last sentence , and I knew she was talking about his body .
tr	O	It would make my backpack heavier , but it was crucial that I get out of that hut once I followed the tunnel back to the cellar .
tr	O	It wasn 't a color or it was a color she had never seen .
tr	I	I did trust him , but I didn 't exactly understand what he was talking about .
tr	O	My fingers rubbed the outside of his hardness , and I gasped as it moved against my palm .
tr	I	He 's still thinking about me , but he might be tied up elsewhere .
tr	O	It 's my fault they 're so exhausted , and they 're still talking about heading out today .
tr	O	Its so weird that I 've only been with Blake for a few months and I feel like we 've been together for a long time .
tr	O	The dwarf was shaking with anger and his face was red with emotion .
tr	I	Only a small noise of surprise escaped , but the girl opened her mouth .
tr	I	My initial reaction was disappointment , but I didn 't know exactly what to expect .
tr	O	She cried and I consoled .
tr	O	Before he could speak she was in his arms and he wasn 't sure who was holding tighter .
tr	I	Still she looked off down the beach , but he wanted her to look at him .
tr	I	They complimented each other so well , yet his voice was so different than Demetri 's .
tr	I	I was so frustrated right now , but I felt a little bad for being rude .
tr	O	He enjoyed basking in Star 's approval , but the vision was already starting to fade .
tr	I	Let 's face it , that wasn 't the one thing they wanted , but I knew boys liked food .
tr	I	Soon , I saw him clearly enough , but it took a moment .
tr	I	By then , Torin had already vanished from the mirror , but she stepped out of the kitchen .
tr	I	My smile grew , and said Ron nervously .
tr	O	It was slight but it was there .
tr	O	When we said it everything stopped , and we said it with a true heart .
tr	I	He would stick with the general script , but they were getting into more detail than they had discussed .
tr	I	The moon was full and it was a warm night .
tr	O	I wasn 't worthy of Carrie like that , but I got better .
tr	I	He didn 't take George 's brash success at all well and you see Edward was the steady one .
tr	I	She needed to face the fact that she didn 't stand a chance against The Beast , but it wasn 't news that she hated his daughter .
tr	I	I laughed as well , as the tension in the room drifted away slightly , and he laughed .
tr	I	He was ready to declare pistols at dawn on her behalf , but Leo didn 't even know the woman who accompanied the billionaire .
tr	O	It was after the show so it obviously did not affect his drumming skills , but by the end of the night , he couldn 't talk .
tr	O	I can see myself staying here for a long time , but I can 't afford to lose my focus .
tr	O	See , now you know my family and you know we like to help people .
tr	O	Daniel tried to pick up where we left off , but the mood was gone .
tr	O	They don 't and I admit to being one of them !
tr	O	There wasn 't much to them , but they were mine , damn it .
tr	I	They both came striding over , and Silvio had been standing next to Sophia .
tr	I	I have to try , but I know it 's probably useless to reason with her .
tr	I	I was struggling but I was trying to convey my feelings .
tr	I	The guests fell silent , and Music began to play .
tr	O	Kandace might have told on the other rogues because it was the right thing to do , or she might be a natural snitch .
tr	I	I almost moaned , and a sharp pain lanced through my chest .
tr	O	They might be among the youngest warriors in the rath , but they 're two of the fiercest .
tr	O	She nodded , letting him know she approved , but she hoped he wouldn 't be disappointed when she didn 't bid on him .
tr	I	Nothing could stop the pain that would follow and the wheels were turning .
tr	I	Her green eyes glistened with a spark of mischief and the smile on her face didn 't look forced .
tr	O	My pulse maintained its rapid pace and I clenched myself tight around him , my face screwing up as Will 's heavy breaths surrounded me .
tr	O	She didn 't want to watch Chad get shot , and she knew Charlie was right .
tr	O	His expression was blank , and his skin was bleached .
tr	I	Elliott shrugs , but he looks quickly to Elliott , as if he might have the answer .
tr	I	I lightly nodded my head and I looked down in shame .
tr	I	We seem to be doing well as a team , and it 's always good to have some company .
tr	I	My eyes are drawn in that direction , but I do not look , to look would be cruel .
tr	I	Then she held the object in her palm , and her fingers shook as she untied it .
tr	I	The fear that had been a constant companion all day rolled off her shoulders , and she lunged into their welcoming warmth .
tr	O	Savitar waved his hand and on the far wall images appeared .
tr	I	I guess it 'll do , but it 's not the most romantic way I 've pictured him kissing me .
tr	O	It took another half hour before the camp was once again settled down and the adventurers were dozing off .
tr	O	Another swirl of nausea rushed through me with a chilling sweat , and I leaned my head over as my stomach convulsed .
tr	O	I thanked her again , and we left the salon .
tr	I	It was done and just a remote programmer put in the hydroelectric plant 's mainframe .
tr	O	When the stars threw down their spears , he remembered , And water 'd heaven with their tears ... What came next ?
tr	I	Then I did sleep , and I pretended to sleep .
tr	I	Kim dropped the subject , and Jake didn 't answer .
tr	I	He hardly looked it , damn him , but he was nearly a decade older than her twenty-seven .
tr	I	His options shrank again and Judge Harkin glanced about .
tr	O	He stood at about six foot five and she must 've been around six foot .
tr	I	He didn 't show it , but he noticed she hesitated for an instance when choosing words .
tr	O	She never leaves our suite , and we don 't really have that many visitors .
tr	O	Not that there was any threat from the dead , but he didn 't want to retch .
tr	I	Also a wariness I didn 't understand , and there was stark relief in his gaze .
tr	O	The glass vibrated , but it didn 't break .
tr	I	They made it look so easy , but I was dressed that way too .
tr	O	I 'd barely grazed her shoulder but it probably still burned like hell .
tr	O	Day rolled with the punch , but it snapped his head back .
tr	O	We 'll get my power back and I 'll rule as was intended .
tr	I	He started to feel sick from how nervous he was and his stomach tightened .
tr	I	The color rose in her cheeks , but she concentrated on the two animals instead of looking at him .
tr	I	The hole into the hallway was now just a tiny spot of light in the distance , and Michael looked back .
tr	O	He was glad her body blocked the view of his leg and he didn 't dare risk a glance at his shoulder .
tr	I	It terrifies me and I 've never spaced out that severely before .
tr	O	His eyes shut , and she willed him to understand all the rioting emotions that were going on inside her .
tr	O	His body still ached , but the headache was gone .
tr	I	I wonder about her family , and she seems genuinely interested .
tr	I	It was still an acceptable trade but it was going to cost them a bit more .
tr	O	There was no way I could hide it , and they accepted it for what it was .
tr	I	The other guys ' reactions were even funnier , but having a boyfriend was awesome .
tr	O	He wouldn 't tell me what he planned , but I knew he was planning something .
tr	O	I was grateful for the tiny joke at Bill Pomeroy 's expense , but I forbade myself from dwelling on our looming stage disaster .
tr	I	He looked like a very clean-cut man and his brown hair was slicked back nicely .
tr	I	He couldn 't be everywhere , but the vampire guarding the gate might be good .
tr	I	She shoved herself away , breaking contact and a look of horror crossed her face .
tr	O	That 's what all the rest of us in town did , and we all got our answer !
tr	O	The walk to school was long and a touch monotonous .
tr	I	His breathing turns even , and his eyes close eventually .
tr	I	She steps a little closer and Dina 's smile drops .
tr	O	He should have been back in the corridor outside Windsor Ward , but it felt like he was inside an Icelandic volcano .
tr	O	She was tired , bone tired , and her back ached badly from where the big gypsy had thrown the rolling pin at her in the house .
tr	O	He 'd never been one for threesomes , but she didn 't know that .
tr	I	They were not aggressive in any way , but the guards were looking at her nervously .
tr	I	The possibility of a partner meant Meg wasn 't safe yet , but he didn 't want the Others looking at every human as a potential threat .
tr	I	She immediately stopped , and reaching out , he placed his palm over her shaking hands .
tr	O	They hit the ground hard , and the exhaustion of their flight overcame them .
tr	I	I let him whisk me off , and each day , I hop onto Trent 's bike , wrap my arms around his chest .
tr	O	My lips crash over hers , and her mouth opens for me without hesitation .
tr	I	There would be no peace , just an emptiness filling his soul but he too would remember this time .
tr	I	The two of them struck up a conversation and Woods was trying to hustle up some work .
tr	O	She tried to rise on one elbow , but the effort winded her .
tr	O	That sounds like a convenient way to say she makes no guarantees , but I 'm not looking to start a fight .
tr	O	I felt sleep take me and a warmth spread over me .
tr	O	My mom , Grace , was there , and I told her what I 'd seen .
tr	I	She turned back to me , and I touched her shoulder .
tr	O	Diana looked at him , and he hesitated .
tr	I	Nobody took notice of my needs , but he took care of the boys .
tr	I	It sure wouldn 't be the last and it wouldn 't be the first time .
tr	O	She never paid attention to what day of the week it was , but Thursday with Mary Ann sounded interesting .
tr	O	Her face had hardened into a scowl , and Michael knew right then that he didn 't ever want to cross this woman .
tr	I	I could hardly hear her spoken words for the thoughts that were shouting from her head , and now her eyes blazed .
tr	O	She was tall and her hair fell down over her shoulders in long , soft waves .
tr	O	This was her Path , and she had to follow it to the end , whatever that might be .
tr	O	That decision had been less than forty-five minutes ago , and here I am , turning into Caroline 's street .
tr	O	Finally the spell at Henrietta 's feet took hold , and several metal poles shot from the symbol , rushing towards the witch .
tr	O	I was tired and my eyes were having a hard time focusing .
tr	O	He had some of the dreaded paperwork to fill out , and then his presence was required at the coroner 's office .
tr	O	They were fighting a losing battle and they knew it .
tr	O	It was a perfectly ordinary thing to say , but Tessa was struck speechless all the same .
tr	I	They weren 't taking chances , and the stalker still hadn 't been caught .
tr	O	He 'd heard the worst , and he hadn 't run screaming .
tr	O	Some were difficult , but that was only because they demanded the best .
tr	O	The loss of her grandmother still would have hurt , but it would not have devastated her to this degree .
tr	I	She was glad the boy couldn 't really remember much , but Kara still didn 't know if she 'd died before Timmy went into a coma .
tr	I	I 'll never come back and I 'll just go away .
tr	O	Her blood cooled and her skin crawled .
tr	I	A kaleidoscope of colors merged and an explosion occurred within her .
tr	O	It filled her with longing for her own babe , and then she shook her head at the insensible urge .
tr	I	He soared across the gate , and his chariot shot through the portal .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to try , but no words came out .
tr	I	Then he looked down at my hand , and Denver dwindled into silence .
tr	I	Daisy knew she would never breathe a word about it , and he 'd never confided in anyone else .
tr	O	My head hits a chair on the way down and I see stars .
tr	I	Again there was something odd about his gaze , and he looked at me one final time before he passed out of sight .
tr	O	He seemed quite uncomfortable , and Sarah wondered what disturbed him so .
tr	I	I felt shaky as we followed Jamie up to the ticket counter , and it wasn 't a pleasant thought .
tr	I	His smile always grim and his nose was sharp .
tr	O	I just turn up , talk , and that 's it .
tr	O	They were told we were the antichrist , and it was their duty to destroy us .
tr	I	I 'm still holding on , but by morning , my fingers are sore .
tr	I	It was just too hard , but I almost explained that for once I was conscious .
tr	O	She patted the space beside her , and Jenna sat down too .
tr	I	She could hide it easily but she was mixed up .
tr	O	Her teeth were bright white , and her skin had an odd tone .
tr	I	They can fail or they can pass .
tr	I	Carson had dragged Will to the Sand Hole , one of his favorite bars in San Diego and it was Monday night .
tr	O	He was starved and that sounded good .
tr	I	He is more exquisitely lovely than I had ever realized , and Steele comes often to see me .
tr	O	We told him that it did and my insides quivered with the excitement .
tr	O	His mother stared at them from the porch , but he didn 't look at her , either .
tr	I	He leans his elbows on the table , and I sit back down .
tr	O	Her truck continues to warm up , and I have the biggest urge to drive off in it .
tr	O	You got your money and she 'll never know .
tr	O	There are 13 gorges in all , but we can only get through about five of them before we have to turn back .
tr	I	Strung it around her neck and after Sophie left , Tessa took the clockwork angel from her bedside table .
tr	I	I was disturbed to realize it seemed plausible , but it didn 't seem likely .
tr	I	He already told me that is his cousin and I know he doesn 't have any sisters because his grandma said she has only one granddaughter .
tr	O	The spray stung me , and I closed my eyes .
tr	O	It all seemed a little much but that was this whole situation .
tr	I	He knew how to charm women , and Ian Braxton knew he was sexy .
tr	I	You will also gain parts of other people 's abilities , but if you go with them you will lose some of your own ability .
tr	O	They stood silently together , watching as the sun rose over the horizon and the sky flamed with a brilliant array of colors .
tr	O	There had never been any chemistry between them , but Stephan didn 't know that .
tr	I	They were off and someone blew a horn .
tr	I	Here I didn 't really know anyone , but I had friends at my last school .
tr	I	I stood where I didn 't think the fire would get me , and I had made a trail of gas from the bodies to outside .
tr	I	I got the smell of her arousal and her heat encased me again .
tr	I	Academic methodology is questionable and the faculties are sub-standard .
tr	I	I let it out , a white puff of smoke rising in front of my face , and I 'd been holding my breath the whole time .
tr	I	I took a deep breath before asking , and I couldn 't help thinking of what Jay had told me through Hue .
tr	I	He was not deterred , but he stumbled into an end table nearly knocking a lamp to the floor .
tr	I	He hadn 't lost his mind , but he might have lost faith .
tr	O	Building up the sol , I send it into the blue flames , and the mixture creates a hole just big enough for me to fit .
tr	O	She held my gaze a long moment , but her expression was so impassive I doubted I 'd made her think twice .
tr	O	Jeremy 's parents had adopted Chad since he had no living relatives , and Marcus received funds from the Grand Master to help support him through college .
tr	I	There was no doubt in Father Joseph 's quiet tone but it was an astonishing statement of faith .
tr	O	Lucien felt it and in a nanosecond I was on my back with Lucien on top of me .
tr	I	His breathing grew faster as he pulled the bra apart and he undid the snap between my breasts .
tr	O	She soon warmed to my charm and I eventually asked her back .
tr	I	It was far from over but the ride had Mike 's body tense .
tr	O	The wooden door opened and she stepped inside silently .
tr	O	She says something to Micha and he laughs .
tr	I	He wanted some assurances of the best bang for his buck , and Carter McCord was looking to diversify .
tr	I	What surprised him was his lack of concern over the matter , but they had taken ' playing house ' to a new level .
tr	O	My eyes widen as I hastily sit up , skimming my room for whoever spoke to me , but I don 't see anyone .
tr	O	It 's cheap , gross stuff , but at least it 's strong .
tr	O	Those women were in a safe house , or at least they thought it was safe .
tr	O	A different kind of shivers ran down my spine , and I felt goose bumps all over my skin .
tr	I	The old plane shook as Simon applied the brakes and the wheels skidded as they touched down .
tr	O	I can 't contain it and I just want to laugh .
tr	O	They both looked completely confused , but he expected them to be .
tr	O	That was the whole point of her adventure and she was inordinately pleased with her successful efforts .
tr	O	A knock sounded on the door , and I yanked it open .
tr	O	I don 't want to scare you , but you 're the only one who has the ability to set this right .
tr	O	He 's older , of course , but he 's a good , solid man who 's very kind to me .
tr	O	It was an enormous feature that engulfed the middle of the plaza , but today running like a madman along the edge drew hardly any attention .
tr	I	We take our payment in blood and we fight for his vengeance .
tr	O	Trying hard not to think about Logan and the kids killed by the demon .
tr	I	This time I don 't pay attention to my dress , and he scoops me back up .
tr	I	I don 't look up from my work and my voice is even .
tr	O	You learned how to use knives even more quickly and you handled yourself perfectly in the fight with Marron .
tr	O	Kim 's voice broke and she cleared her throat .
tr	O	I sighed , and my eyes watered , as they so often did when I thought of Bill - Weeping Willa , that was me .
tr	O	His cheery grin faded , and he froze in place , even as people moved around us .
tr	O	He had his treatment and I had my future .
tr	O	Ethan 's tone was flat , but angry magic peppered the air .
tr	O	He gave the phone back to Dave and I gave it back to Georgia .
tr	I	Edson releases him and Alton shakes his head .
tr	I	They glistened in the light , and his fangs were fully out .
tr	O	He loved me and nothing else mattered .
tr	I	I nearly followed through on our original plan , carpenters be damned , and John kissed me hard , to silence my giggles .
tr	O	I haven 't told you before , but he needs more surgery on his eyes .
tr	O	His expression was suddenly more tired than angered and when he spoke , his voice was unemotional .
tr	O	No one objected and no one would tell tales .
tr	O	Gregori was standing within striking distance of Mikhail , but there were others .
tr	I	They splashed into the ocean together and he took her hand .
tr	O	Negotiations are about to fail , and that 's my final word .
tr	O	The dreaded process of relaxing came more easily than I expected , and my anxiety was soon replaced by a soothing peacefulness .
tr	I	It sounded happier to me today than it had in a long time , but the office was the usual buzz of morning business .
tr	I	A police officer was talking to her landlord , and a police squad car was sitting in front of her house .
tr	I	My eyelids sank against the stark fluorescent lights , and my bones filled with iron , refusing to move .
tr	O	War with Canada had ended , and she belonged to the Empire .
tr	I	I assured him that that wasn 't it , but he worried aloud a few times that I was in pain .
tr	I	It didn 't make sense , but the fact that Seth had gotten Hermes to swoop in ticked me off .
tr	O	She 'd hoped they would stay ahead of them , but it looked like that wouldn 't be the case .
tr	O	He had too much power to cross , and Max had no scruples about using it as it suited him .
tr	I	I bit my tongue trying not to laugh , and her voice was nothing short of aghast .
tr	I	She wouldn 't have that decision to make and maybe Myles would take it away .
tr	I	This time Deb picked up after the third ring and Sera tried dialing again .
tr	O	She didn 't appear hysterical ... yet , and he wanted to keep it that way .
tr	O	The librarian looked at me suspiciously , but he didn 't say anything else .
tr	O	I made a little farewell bow , and he acknowledged it gracefully .
tr	I	The silence thick , and the long hallway beyond was shadowed .
tr	I	He 'd dive into the booze and if something went wrong , it was everyone else 's fault .
tr	I	My arms just as a shot rang out , for a split second I was certain she was shooting at me , and I stopped waved .
tr	I	Then I was seated , and our footsteps echoed against a hardwood floor .
tr	O	I shall be thy hostage , but thou art also surely mine .
tr	O	I gave Fred strict orders never to mess with my hair or I would feed him to the undead myself .
tr	O	I 'm wiggling them inside my boots as we speak and I really don 't have the energy to waste arguing .
tr	I	Her stomach was doing a curious little flip , but she asked .
tr	I	I had the same amount that I would chip in and she had given me some money to do this .
tr	I	Then the line goes silent , and there 's a rustling on the other end .
tr	I	The mild cough she had developed quickly worsened into terminal congestive heart failure and she was , however , .
tr	I	Still it wasn 't enough and he 'd made love to her twice more .
tr	I	Helen seldom used it , but the complex had an elevator .
tr	O	This was the bracing sort of text we wanted to hear , and the people settled more comfortably in their pews .
tr	O	His eyes widened momentarily , and then a smile flickered in their blue depths .
tr	O	His head began to pound , and his steps slowed as their internal battle raged .
tr	O	We both had powerful militias and our countries had been constantly fighting for more than three hundred years .
tr	O	Part of it was having Birgitte pressed against my left flank , but honestly it just felt a little like coming home .
tr	O	I would have asked you to sit in , but these guys are touchy about privacy .
tr	O	All he knew was that he was headed east , and since he had not taken the main road , he had no idea where he was .
tr	I	Rob knew she was thinking all the thoughts he 'd wanted her to avoid and she sat back .
tr	I	Jason was holding his own , but Hayes had more magical ability .
tr	O	Until last night , he had made little progress in his war against me , but last night there came a breaking .
tr	I	It wasn 't my fault , and it wasn 't a choice .
tr	I	The motion took us into a canter , and he clicked again .
tr	I	The dose was quick to take effect , but she thought to object , to ask him to leave .
tr	O	I could manage the jump , but it would probably kill you .
tr	I	She could tell by the expression on his that he knew he 'd gone too far and she yanked her hand away .
tr	O	Her silver eyes lit up with joy when she saw him and a smile found its way to Hiro 's face .
tr	O	None of this was a dream and her life was ruined .
tr	I	Examining it from every angle and picking apart the prince 's every command .
tr	I	I shook away a chill , and the cold medicine woke me .
tr	O	She laughed , but it held an edge of pain .
tr	I	That glaring fact kil ed the fight in me , and Diego was gone .
tr	I	Nate stayed sitting , but Cady got up .
tr	I	Then a kid died during a fight with him , and he 'd been hassled for months , targeted unfairly .
tr	O	I 'll tell you what I can , but I 'm not sure I can be much help .
tr	O	She might have honoured them if they had considered her feelings , but they had cared only about the propriety that society demanded .
tr	I	She 'd never forgotten it , and that kind of generosity had been a novel experience for Alix .
tr	O	Gabe didn 't say it like he was making fun of Finn , but it feels like it .
tr	I	I could see small black veins underneath his skin , and his face was drained of color .
tr	I	It perfectly described what he felt was inside of him , but that word had come out of nowhere .
tr	O	The hands shot up and Nate started pointing out people to ask their question .
tr	O	She didn 't know how she was going to manage to save them , much less herself , but she wasn 't going to give up yet .
tr	O	Suddenly , I didn 't care if Ollie heard , but I didn 't have an opportunity to say anything else .
tr	O	Claire was exhausted , but she couldn 't stand the idea of giving up before they 'd gotten a solid lock on Roth .
tr	O	He 'd been sitting there the entire time , and I 'd been so preoccupied that I hadn 't seen him .
tr	I	His blood began to cool , and the pain began to recede .
tr	O	There was no budging the women from that position and without inside help , any chance of just walking out of the palace was zero .
tr	I	It made for a fairly heady aphrodisiac and mix that fire with her sheer vulnerability to him .
tr	I	The room had the sickly sweet odor of blood , and the bed was soaked with blood .
tr	I	They were right and they knew her greed wouldn 't keep her waiting long .
tr	I	I wished he were , but he wasn 't Aiden .
tr	I	He 's desperate to hold on and Control is slipping through his fingers .
tr	I	My breathing became short and my chest felt heavy .
tr	O	I grab my grey shawl to match my shoes and I switch out my purse for my pink clutch .
tr	O	What we expected had happened , and we were happy .
tr	I	I knew the bare facts , but coming from South Carolina where we had our own political superstars , I hadn 't followed his career closely .
tr	O	Jake saw it and his eyes softened .
tr	I	It also fell through several hooded grey robes that hung in the air , and it fell on the recumbent shape of Ernie .
tr	O	I was dragged into a building , and I immediately knew where I was .
tr	O	He 'd heard the words but he couldn 't quite reconcile them in his head .
tr	I	I stretched out beside her , tucking her warm body close , and I got her under the covers .
tr	I	Now he isn 't , and he was a threat .
tr	I	I couldn 't break him , but it was obvious that he too knows something about who I am that I don 't know .
tr	O	I freeze , thinking it 's a weapon , but instead the machine appears to be scanning us .
tr	I	He joined her , carefully preserving the space between them and Beth took a seat .
tr	O	I loved chatting with the members , and it always felt like fun , never like work .
tr	O	I needed a distraction or I was going to lose the game .
tr	O	I 'd hoped he 'd be willing to go for the ripping it off like a bandage route , but I wasn 't going to press him .
tr	I	He catches me in his arms and I feel my knees give out .
tr	O	He appeared to have had a rough life ( which , yeah , maybe he had ) , and no one wanted to deal with damaged .
tr	O	He 'd seen her as an insecure woman trying to cope with certain change , and he 'd tried to help .
tr	I	I 'll call you when I can 't keep my eyelids propped up , and you go to sleep , Mr. Frodo .
tr	O	I made an uncomfortable movement , but I was determined to brazen it out .
tr	O	He leaned up against the church 's sand stonewall and I leaned against his chest .
tr	I	I slammed him against the wall , but he tried to take a step forward .
tr	O	She had no motive , and she was not in control of herself .
tr	I	The other coachman grabbed his coat , but the man lumbered forward , growling .
tr	O	Fergus was slightly different , also gifted , but a bit like a kid with ADD .
tr	I	He knew of nothing else to try , but it felt like a bad move at first , similar to a boxer leaning into an uppercut .
tr	I	I moaned as I pushed into him harder , and it felt as magnificent as I had imagined .
tr	O	The beast was hiding in the darkness and nobody could see it .
tr	O	I shook my head , but the rest of my body was frozen .
tr	O	I reached for his heart , his soul , his mind , but there was nothing to hold .
tr	O	He visited the ward on the fifth floor but another dying patient now occupied Sheila 's bed .
tr	O	She stopped for a moment , and Garrett looked toward his beer .
tr	O	She screamed again , and as I drew another knife , a customer tackled the guard .
tr	O	It wasn 't what he meant to do , but he couldn 't help himself .
tr	O	She was lying , of course , but what was the use in arguing that point ?
tr	I	He 'd quickly decided it wasn 't to his benefit , but they 'd been trying to go into business with Damien .
tr	I	I feel my stomach muscles contract as my breath catches in my throat and he slides one finger , then another , easily into my vagina .
tr	O	It used to make Darren laugh really hard , and he 'd always teased me to kiss her .
tr	O	There was only one door open , and Betsy 's name was on a plaque beside it .
tr	I	He waited and I looked at him .
tr	O	Then she left her number , again , and disconnected .
tr	O	Paddy wagon collected the suspect at the correct time , but it disappeared enroute .
tr	I	It was her language I learned first and her milk infected me with her venom .
tr	I	She didn 't say nothin ' , but I called out .
tr	O	We could talk , but we didn 't have to all get nak * d together .
tr	O	Paris prepared to follow Riyad , but a hand on his elbow stopped him .
tr	O	Eric nodded , and Ron looked at me .
tr	O	The truth had her by the jugular , and she didn 't know how to shake loose .
tr	I	At least he was determined to act that way , or it was like he 'd forgotten Edward was there .
tr	I	Archer shook him off , but call moved toward him .
tr	O	He flipped the purple cover open and his jaw went slack with surprise as he read the first page .
tr	I	He 'll never accept you , but he may love your family .
tr	I	The end is not even pointy and the end of it is too thick to fit inside the handcuff lock .
tr	I	I get the feeling nothing is going to be enough , but I can hear Grandma throwing out every argument she has .
tr	I	It could also mean she was in even greater danger than we thought , but that option sounded better to my ego .
tr	O	Sanders is renowned for her security measures , but she 's very hard to get .
tr	O	I am the survivor of the lost , of the weak and I am the breath of the strong .
tr	O	She felt so hopeless , and the words sounded stupid .
tr	O	She hadn 't expected that , but she was curious .
tr	O	Abby found herself telling them about life in the city , and they in turn told her about life in the Bay .
tr	I	Vane refused , but they tried to leave him behind .
tr	I	His fingers tensed as they intertwined with mine , and the muscles under his jaws twitched .
tr	I	He was already trying to get rid of me and morning had just started .
tr	I	It seemed I won the argument , but it 's big headed of me .
tr	I	They didn 't come , but I don 't know what they were doing .
tr	O	A police car pulled in to the side of the fire truck , and Sheriff Bud Dearborn got out of the driver 's seat .
tr	I	It still meant nothing to Norman , but the image was sharper at the edges .
tr	I	I told them everything else , but I left the part about the girl talking to me in case they didn 't believe it .
tr	I	She had a good life and Joe was a good husband .
tr	O	The boots gave her extra height , but he still had to bend down to kiss her .
tr	I	He stood back up and a determined glint suddenly entered his eyes .
tr	O	Her shoulders shook , but she continued .
tr	O	Garrett raised an eyebrow in Micah 's direction , but she just shook her head .
tr	I	Tiffany had known something was wrong as soon as she had stepped inside - Boom , but she was lying peacefully on the narrow iron bed .
tr	I	He ran , and Jain yelled .
tr	O	She stared helplessly for a moment , as if she had no good answer , and then I fell to the ground as my legs collapsed .
tr	O	Harald yelled and we did .
tr	I	When his head hit the pillow he was out for the count and I had to help him get into bed .
tr	I	The appropriate services shall be contacted or leave now .
tr	I	He gestured toward me , and zeus cleared his throat .
tr	I	I pulled away , but she reached for my hand .
tr	O	Simon lost Alec 's murmured response ; a sudden stabbing pain shot through him , and he doubled up .
tr	I	Rachel tried to cover up her laughter and Daniel looked at her as though she had three heads .
tr	O	The climb onto the roof had gotten it started , but the sight of Blake vanishing amplifies that by at least double .
tr	O	He would do anything to keep her safe , and she would also do the same for him .
tr	I	My mom would love it and it was an antique .
tr	I	These are my people , and this is my family .
tr	I	We still don 't know what the charm does and it is charmed by a demon .
tr	I	She shook as much as the soldier begging for his life in broken Spanish , and panic bubbled up inside her .
tr	I	It was bad enough but it was not the worst thing she had ever tasted .
tr	O	Three days had passed since that first night and the landscape had changed .
tr	I	He was under no illusions that she would stop him again , but Julie had stopped Singer the first time .
tr	O	Louisa took a bite of her club sandwich , normally a favorite , yet today it tasted like a paper wrapper .
tr	I	When it did , the defenders would be slaughtered and he knew the Plague would eventually find this world .
tr	O	She struggled wildly against the two men holding her , but she was no match for them .
tr	O	I lunged at her , and for a second my hands tingled as instead of grasping her they passed through air as thick as gelatine .
tr	I	We both know it , and you were on vacay .
tr	I	By the look on her face , I can tell it 's bad , but I have no idea what I look like .
tr	I	I tuned back in and Rob had started talking again .
tr	O	He 's very angry , and he 's punishing me .
tr	O	My chest ached at that , and I felt Mom 's hand on my hair .
tr	O	The signal was given and the oars dipped into the cold water .
tr	I	No one gave me any shocked looks , but I felt conspicuous walking through the lobby .
tr	I	It sunk , and something in my head told my heart to prepare itself for disappointment .
tr	O	They 're not immediately life-threatening , but you should have a doctor see to them .
tr	I	The killer is still out there , and I think Neil Osborne took the blame for someone else .
tr	O	I still can 't figure out how that happened , but you 're not weak .
tr	I	I do not need to lick your fingers , but a lesser son of great sires am I .
tr	I	I shouted his name as I came , and the words drove me over the edge .
tr	I	He met Isaac 's glare a bit more hesitantly than before , and his eyes widened when he realized he had yelled at his ruler .
tr	O	Rashid 's muscles tensed and he wondered if she knew what she was saying .
tr	I	Then she hesitated , but holding it in one hand Susan went to call Omar .
tr	I	Now he couldn 't even keep his feet under him , and he 'd been so damn steady a few seconds ago .
tr	O	Her chest caved and she was locked where she stood , unable to move .
tr	I	I step around the counter to the small dining area , and I soon abandon the idea that we can both fit .
tr	I	I love being here , for now and I love this place .
tr	O	He wasn 't good enough for her , and he damn well knew that .
tr	I	The conversation was better and Work didn 't complain .
tr	O	It was all so simple and she didn 't want anything within the town to change .
tr	I	Even though he knew he should wait , he couldn 't bring himself to wait , and she was his woman .
tr	O	Here I was rooting around for my paycheck and my mom can 't afford to pay me .
tr	I	They had made this fire to say goodbye , and this was the last night they would stay here .
tr	O	The heat rushed to her cheeks , and she bent to retrieve the sword .
tr	I	He was still only a stranger , but my earlier assumptions had been rash .
tr	I	All John 's attempts were futile , and the bed leg kept falling down .
tr	I	They lurched forward and Kit hit the gas .
tr	I	She said nothing but I think there were things she wanted to say .
tr	I	A blast of fire shot at a turret a moment before the menacing sea serpent came into my view and deep animalistic roars bellowed .
tr	I	I really wished he hadn 't because the laugh sounded more appropriate for a menacing villain from a horror flick and Taller dude laughed .
tr	O	There was still discomfort all through his lower half , but it was dull enough that he didn 't care .
tr	I	All noise stopped , and I opened the door .
tr	O	She drew back in fear , and her red eyes widened .
tr	I	He hadn 't heard a sound from it , but he didn 't want to look how close it was .
tr	O	I see lights and I 'm able to slot them together when they pulse .
tr	I	There was magic in it , and as we descended the hill toward the tree line , a breeze blew toward us .
tr	I	This is Finn , and I 'm Carrie .
tr	I	It was hard to say with the scope of our jobs , but I 'd figured that would mean Los Angeles .
tr	O	We 'd destroyed the half vampire , half human motorcycle gang , but there was still the vampire who created them to worry about .
tr	I	I beat him to it , but he started to answer me .
tr	O	The thread wiggled a bit , but when she stuck it into the lock , nothing happened .
tr	O	Mr. Cameron diverts into another topic however and it turns out he doesn 't have to worry about it further .
tr	I	The shock blacked him out , and he hit the deck on his knees .
tr	I	Here she now was , sitting in a lawyer 's office , smack in the middle of Mayfair , yet it was home to her .
tr	O	I understand why we had to do it , but understanding a situation doesn 't always make it easier .
tr	I	I was already cringing , thinking of how Mom would react to there being a witness , and she 'd bolted when she saw me .
tr	O	He felt like home , and for just that night , I pretended like he still was .
tr	I	The expression on his face was pinched , but Cole hugged her back .
tr	O	My vision is still blurred with tears , but thankfully no more are forcing their way up .
tr	I	I liked having something that symbolized it on my skin and they were qualities that I needed to be reminded of .
tr	I	Determinedly making his way through the crowd with her on his arm but he moved to the exit , slowly .
tr	I	It was almost finished , but she knew she couldn 't do that yet , still had the departure of the more important guests to get through .
tr	I	Mikael drew back shaking his head , but he must 've pulled it off .
tr	O	After taking a few moments to calm my racing heart , I entered my apartment with thoughts of Marcus , but they were instantly placed on standby .
tr	O	He was ten years older than me , but that was all part of the appeal .
tr	O	He made me laugh , but he wasn 't fooling me .
tr	O	She began tapping words into the computer and Claire wondered if she had been dismissed .
tr	O	It was Milo 's , and some things were unforgivable .
tr	O	His eyes got wide again , and he mumbled something in Italian .
tr	I	The feeling was mutual , and it was known all over Chicago that he considered Cronin his most bitter enemy .
tr	I	He looked away before I could , but I almost smiled at him .
tr	O	I swore it couldn 't be any later than mid-afternoon , yet it was getting dark .
tr	O	I know this is difficult to swallow at first , but I recommend we at least hear Butch out .
tr	I	Wanting to know , but Theo cocked his head to the side , not quite sure he had it right .
tr	I	You , you were different , but I 'm surrounded by fake people who only want my money every moment of every day .
tr	I	He wanted to get back as quickly as possible and there 's only two trains from London tomorrow .
tr	O	He touched her arm and she turned to him .
tr	I	The weight had dropped easily , and College had been much calmer .
tr	O	Godfrey shoved me from behind , and I fell to my knees .
tr	I	He couldn 't get a reading through his heaviest shield , but the man looked very ill to Wyatt .
tr	I	We decided it 'd be worth the risk , and he was dying to know more about Nina .
tr	O	There is not a trace of doubt in her , and I know she is not in danger of following her friend to the river .
tr	O	There was a small puff of flame and red embers fell from the brown stub .
tr	O	The vibration raced along my arm and I could see the color of it fly from my fingertips .
tr	O	Siloam Springs was only about fifty miles from Whistler 's Gulch , but rides were a lot harder to come by this far off the beaten path .
tr	O	Whenever he tried the handle his father 's eyes appeared at the window and he gestured for Kent to move on .
tr	O	Her eyes wanted to close against the smoke but Haven forced them to stay open as she watched the raging fire .
tr	O	He controlled nothing , yet he was blamed for everything .
tr	O	Jenny didn 't know it yet but they had taken her cousin already .
tr	I	It ain 't over and she 's out there .
tr	O	They either fell in line or they were eliminated .
tr	I	He knew he wouldn 't do that , but he knew it would be easiest to go to the FBI now , while she was gone .
tr	I	I didn 't want an audience , but I wanted to try Stryker again .
tr	O	Much More Like It Getting out of the Citadel was a bit of a challenge , but they managed it .
tr	I	The resulting sound was terrifying , and Anna choked back another scream , scared to death he would get near her .
tr	O	He appears to have one desire now , and that is to sleep as much as he can .
tr	I	Yet , I didn 't play for her , and I knew she could not resist the music .
tr	O	When he talked himself out of that , his mind turned to his brother , and he rolled over with a groan to check on Ty .
tr	O	We ran into the unit , and two armed policemen blocked the way .
tr	I	The air was tinged with joy , and they were laughing , eager .
tr	O	Not that it changed my stance any , but I knew I 'd overreacted .
tr	I	I do not know , and I have heard the tale told in a hundred halls by a thousand tongues .
tr	O	I 'm asleep , but you aren 't .
tr	O	The rain had let up , but the wind was still whipping .
tr	O	His eyes are closed now , and I can 't see him breathing .
tr	I	Their mouths fall open , and I flash a quiet smile .
tr	O	The elevator stopped and the door opened .
tr	I	Daddy began to speak again and finally the crowd quieted down .
tr	O	I know that sounds crazy , but I awoke to hearing them .
tr	I	It would be a long journey back and I am pretty far from the Base .
tr	I	I wasn 't taking chances , and he came with plenty of reinforcements .
tr	O	She felt herself moving forward but she wasn 't really walking .
tr	O	He tried to hide his ruthlessness behind smooth , cosmopolitan manners , but Evie had no doubts about the real nature of the man .
tr	I	They went around a truck stopped for a delivery with a squeal of tires and he jerked the wheel .
tr	O	He opened the door to get out , but I pulled him into a hug first .
tr	I	He caught it , and she tossed them to Speedo .
tr	I	Amira accepted it graciously , but the bread had gone a little stale .
tr	I	Suddenly we 're flying towards the ring of fire as fast as we can and instead he reverses direction .
tr	I	She would meet him at home and she told him to go ahead .
tr	I	Her unwieldy tongue couldn 't do any better , but she could tell she was slurring her words .
tr	O	Black couldn 't believe that Sophie would ring him at this location , and yet he was surprised to hear the voice of his boss .
tr	I	I could see no danger in accepting his invitation and he was pointing towards the caf over the road .
tr	I	The sword plunges through his chest , and he leaps in front of me .
tr	O	He said he 'd heard about her arrest and he seemed surprised at my decision to leave the money with the family .
tr	I	Gem hit the button for the second floor , and Hemp then reached in , slid his card .
tr	O	A moment passed in silence , and then he heard a single drip off somewhere near the middle of the baths .
tr	O	I shrugged , not entirely certain that what he said was true , but wanting it to be true more than anything .
tr	O	It was too dark to see , but he knew by smell that it was a mountain lion trying to get into his cave !
tr	I	He handles them well , but he has his troubles with his men from time to time , just as I do .
tr	O	I cast one more glance back at Riley as I followed Micah , but he just stared at me blankly .
tr	I	She fought not to be sick and Bile rose .
tr	I	He spoke with the same air of disapproval , and there was still that glint of disappointment in his eyes .
tr	O	I mean , OK , getting a handle on corruption would be a start , but I don 't even know if that would be enough .
tr	O	He still didn 't know what this thing was with Savannah , but he knew these past few weeks with her had changed him .
tr	I	Quinn didn 't exist and it was like Mom .
tr	I	I was beginning to nod off against the window , and I hadn 't gotten a wink of sleep in the plane .
tr	I	She struggled to breathe , and her throat felt tight , as if someone was restricting her windpipe .
tr	I	She 's staring right at Charlie and her eyes pop open again .
tr	O	I will stay in the lounge and if you need something just let me know .
tr	I	Snow fell on Saint Peter and the winter struck with all its might .
tr	I	He also wanted me to stop , but he loved me , wanted me .
tr	O	Perhaps there is more to it , but it will take greater minds than mine to see what .
tr	I	It tickles me mercilessly and he darts a kiss behind my ear .
tr	I	She was back to feeling terrified , and moments later her emotions finished their orbit .
tr	I	Their lives would never be the same again , and a beautiful life had inexplicably been taken away .
tr	O	I leaned into her and she took a step back .
tr	I	He missed her touch , and she withdrew her hand .
tr	I	No one raised their hand , but I glanced around .
tr	O	He swings his gaze around to meet mine , and the intensity of the feeling in his eyes almost pushes me away .
tr	I	I no longer heard the snuffling of the bull 's breathing and the reek of the lion faded .
tr	O	He hadn 't totally convinced himself , but he couldn 't possibly get involved in illegal drugs .
tr	O	Gran was nobody 's fool and she believed the story completely .
tr	O	She gave me a sympathetic look , and then we turned our attention to Lara .
tr	O	Allan felt a spurt of anger and he strove to keep his voice even .
tr	O	Saturday evening , but when I asked him about it in more detail he said he was pretty sure it was not later than 7.00 pm .
tr	O	When they arrived , they turned to face the creatures , but only the one thing remained .
tr	O	She could feel every inch he had touched , and when she checked his gaze , it registered that he had noticed as well .
tr	O	Her hair was tousled and her cheeks were red .
tr	I	He couldn 't deny that he did , but he didn 't want to desire her .
tr	I	He groaned low in his throat , and her fingers tucked inside his boxers .
tr	O	Auron could not help but to stare at him .
tr	I	After dinner , Charlie got an idea but there was just no cheering Amy up .
tr	I	Daniel 's cars were all there , which meant Joseph would hopefully be there too , and Mom 's , Dad 's .
tr	O	Every part of him fought to keep his mouth shut , but he couldn 't help it .
tr	I	They were also rippling , but Brian could see the stars beyond it .
tr	I	Even now , I 'm at a loss to explain them , and these inconsistencies have always puzzled me .
tr	I	He took a deep breath then sat shaking on a seat in the centre of the chamber and it finally ceased .
tr	O	He wasn 't used to taking anything from anyone , and to be forced to do it made him furious .
tr	O	The sun was shining and the sky was blue .
tr	I	Waiting , and watching .
tr	I	My mom went back to Deerfield Beach , and the summer ended .
tr	O	She was Selene 's height , but far more curvaceous .
tr	O	The tension in the room was unbearable , but the waiting was worse .
tr	O	Chewing a stale , non-food substance that you 'd never swallow didn 't seem sensible to me , but I wasn 't going to say anything .
tr	O	I talked to her for quite a bit , and she 's so knowledgeable .
tr	I	For a second my worst nightmare came to life , and she shook her head .
tr	O	He tried to sit up , but his right leg was numb .
tr	I	He told them all of his childhood as a frog and the New Toad had many toad children .
tr	I	He tied it to the dock jutting out from the shore and the boat came to a stop .
tr	I	He groaned , increasing the power of each deliberate thrust , and my fingers curled into his back , gripping his skin .
tr	O	Maybe it wasn 't exactly advice , but his words had led me to a course of action .
tr	I	They will perish for treason , or they will learn to adjust .
tr	O	A middle-aged couple turned to stare , and a dog began barking frantically .
tr	I	It was obviously not a painting , but it was just the front piece .
tr	I	I 'm not sure he knew why , but Little Symeon began to howl .
tr	O	His motorcycle broke down and he got bitten .
tr	O	He knew he could wipe the guilt from her memory , but he was reluctant to mess with her mind too often .
tr	I	Neither did I. I walked around the bed , and Denver didn 't drop his gaze to look at it .
tr	I	It 's black silk and it 's from France .
tr	I	I still need Layla 's support to walk , but some strength creeps back into my limbs now .
tr	O	I 'd rather get myself there if I know where I 'm going and the driver doesn 't .
tr	O	Add a bomb , and the feds see terrorists behind every tree .
tr	I	There was no point but I tried to say .
tr	I	The fog remained dense , but Eleanor tried to see what she did .
tr	O	His fingertips grazed the back of my neck , and I shuddered , closing my eyes halfway .
tr	I	Their robes remained tight against their forms and despite everything their cheeks glowed with vigor .
tr	O	Suffice it to say I have a fiance , and he 's not going to let me go .
tr	O	You couldn 't see too many stars right now because of the street lights but you could see the moon .
tr	I	The place looked devastated , and the storm had stilled .
tr	I	Her mouth opened under his , and her lips found his again .
tr	O	All it would take was one thought of her dream lover and she would be right back in the same situation of frustrated lust .
tr	O	I told him where to go and he didn 't like it .
tr	I	She was learning more about him , and they were sharing experiences .
tr	O	He tried to use a spell but it falter .
tr	I	This time I hear him and when it touches , he speaks .
tr	I	A huge grin appeared and Des re-joined them .
tr	I	There was a glint in his eye when he looked at her - but Dean seemed like a nice guy .
tr	O	Our last conversation hadn 't been exactly pleasant , and he 'd never responded to the message I 'd left on his cell phone .
tr	O	I tried to understand it , but I was not moved by such watery feelings .
tr	I	It didn 't always work like that , but that 's how I imagined it going .
tr	O	You can have one more , but that 's it before lunch .
tr	I	The bones snapped , and his grip was brutal as he twisted her hand .
tr	I	This was the first he could get away and he had been held up at a deadly car accident .
tr	O	My little chuckle turns into a big chuckle , and then I start laughing .
tr	O	Her arms were crossed and she was glaring at him .
tr	O	She hasn 't taken anything from me and I think she 's dying .
tr	I	I don 't care about the agency and the agency doesn 't care about me .
tr	I	The subtle smell of fairy filled my nose , and Niall bent to kiss me on the mouth .
tr	I	It 's over , but last night was great .
tr	O	Will just emptied his vial this afternoon , and I 'm unsure how long it takes for the antidote to enter his system .
tr	O	He 'd find the explanation and everything would return to normal .
tr	I	You , Sloane and it 's me .
tr	O	The butler stepped aside guiltily and Len walked up to me .
tr	I	It was dead , as cold as ash , or love was either there , hot as fire .
tr	I	There was going to be a huge scar there for ever , and it was healing badly , still leaking blood .
tr	O	It was a one way system and cars were coming from the left .
tr	O	He still flirted with her , but she hadn 't flirted back .
tr	I	How could she resist teasing poor Max , but she could do crazy all by herself ?
tr	O	She gives a nonchalant shrug , indifferent on the outside , but I can tell she 's hiding something on the inside .
tr	I	We walked up the stairs that way , even though it took us possibly twice as long and she reached out to take my hand .
tr	I	Graham 's frenzy skyrocketed , and she smiled a little .
tr	I	Your technique is pathetic , but you now wield an excellent weapon .
tr	I	I really tried , and I wanted to want to be with him .
tr	O	She insists she 's fine , though , and I don 't want to push it .
tr	O	He let go and I fell backward .
tr	I	Music had been played and Food had been served .
tr	O	His fingers pinched my nipples , and I squeezed my legs together .
tr	O	She pouted prettily , and he wondered if that was one of the things they taught wealthy young girls at schools like Miss Porter 's .
tr	I	I saw a frown start to wrinkle her brows , and Anne was sitting close enough to hear us both .
tr	O	The fatigue was replaced by adrenaline , and my pace naturally picked up .
tr	I	Now that he had his friends here , he even smiled on occasion , but Longbow had always seemed to be a solitary sort of man .
tr	O	He told me he wasn 't ready to be a dad and he didn 't think I was ready to be a mom .
tr	O	We 'd been back at school for more than a week , but so far no one had said his name .
tr	O	I pressed my lips together , and I calmed the hell down .
tr	I	I doubt they have anything to do with this lesson , but I see him scribble a few lines on a page .
tr	I	Even though he must have been crazy mad , I swear to God he smiled , and the Eagle shook his head .
tr	I	Joshua called out adjustments and the second gun boomed .
tr	I	I barely looked at it as we stumbled into the bedroom , but Owen was , of course , staying in the penthouse suite .
tr	O	His wife was not very bright , but she was pretty .
tr	I	Gavin was in the driver 's seat before I knew it and the door was slammed shut once he 'd tossed me inside .
tr	I	He ignored it but it wounded him .
tr	I	He doubted that Noelle would enjoy using them and all the towels he 'd found in the drawers had been the recent home of little mouse families .
tr	O	He studies the scrapes for a moment , but they must all be minor because he abandons that foot to pull up the other .
tr	O	Our relationship had been pretty serious , and we 'd both expected to be together for a long time .
tr	I	Both the detectives leave and I raise my eyebrows .
tr	O	I don 't know what she was trying to determine but the sense of dj vu was surreal .
tr	I	It so happens that one other person has a motive , and we have to look somewhere else .
tr	O	His mouth comes down on mine , and our legs tangle as we kiss .
tr	I	They exchanged grins and Quil nudged Embry 's arm .
tr	I	I can still hear it whistling through the air as he brings it down over my head , but I close my eyes .
tr	I	She wished he could at least try to guess , but Isla thought that was a good way to go .
tr	I	His smile widened and he paused when Maddie whimpered in terror .
tr	I	These cities in actuality were swallowed up into mega cities , but which end of the city you traveled to decided what you called it .
tr	I	Diane might be able to fill you in , but I didn 't pay much attention since it sounded hyped up to me .
tr	I	I could tell he was pissed but he gave me a tolerant look .
tr	I	Even as she stepped forward , Gideon was back on his feet with the dagger firmly in his hand , but she cried out .
tr	I	It was an immense effort of will simply to stay standing and she felt every bone in her body turn to jelly .
tr	O	We can 't count on the King 's mindset any longer , and there is no way we will let Eris take the throne .
tr	I	He looked so determined that she felt she had to try and as the rain pelted them she stared up into his face .
tr	O	I hated her , but I knew she was only a temporary nuisance .
tr	O	Your pathetic fathers will be forgotten , and all your kin will die as slaves !
tr	O	A rowdy guest at another table had knocked a water glass to the ground and Fila nearly jolted out of her chair at the unexpected noise .
tr	I	It 's important , but he will not be harmed .
tr	I	Travis has already sacrificed so much of his and they have their entire lives ahead of them .
tr	O	No matter where her career had taken her , home had always been a mountain in Wyoming , and Alex MacNeil was going to change that .
tr	O	I 'm edging closer to the little door , but the urgency in his voice makes me pause .
tr	O	It obeyed my commands , and I didn 't have the coherent reasoning to cut it off .
tr	O	The delicious food went with Dec into the meeting , and I 'm pretty sure no one was eating it .
tr	O	The ground levelled and after an hour , they found themselves beside another stream .
tr	O	This kind of lie , where both of us knew the truth , choked me up , and I loved her for that too .
tr	O	Her blonde curls were pulled into a messy half ponytail , and she fiddled with the bottom of her T-shirt .
tr	I	I can 't find the energy , but I open my mouth to scream .
tr	I	He fought back-to-back with Lea , darting forward with their sickles blades , lobbing off an automaton 's arms and Marcus was back on his feet .
tr	O	You are very brave and this building can use a strong young man like yourself .
tr	I	Even though I 'm quiet most of the time , I have a feeling I could tell him anything and he doesn 't sugarcoat anything .
tr	I	In a moment we are walking out the main gates , turning our heads north , and I give a gentle tug on the reins .
tr	O	He claimed I was having a nightmare and he was only there to help me .
tr	O	It 's the last Friday of our summer break , and we 're squished together on my tiny front porch .
tr	O	It knocks me for a second but the break has done me good .
tr	I	After that , life was very tough , and ' Then something happened .
tr	I	He had to eventually accept that if we ran they would find us and we talked through all our options .
tr	O	I understand that , but Van doesn 't .
tr	I	She remembered how they 'd turned hard during battle , but his eyes were soft eyes when he was relaxed .
tr	O	Fane looked at Lina and he nodded .
tr	I	You should have told me you stole the list from someone and you guys have no idea what you 're talking about .
tr	I	She saw the danger flicker through them , like the eyes in her dream and the blue of his eyes was deeper still .
tr	I	That wasn 't the worst of it , but his dog was going to have puppies .
tr	I	Frankly , we all have our hands full here , and I have no idea where to look for her .
tr	O	Part of me wanted to run after him , but I stopped myself .
tr	I	For a few brief seconds , I hoped the conversation was over , and James started to dive into his fries .
tr	I	One of the things we 've learned in first aid is what to do when someone is having a seizure , and I 'm in nursing school .
tr	I	A playful smile graced her lips , but one hand parked on her hip .
tr	O	The prefect stopped still and his lips parted .
tr	O	Her head turned , and she stopped .
tr	O	He smiled with affection , but his eyes twinkled with a spark of annoyance .
tr	I	She spread the various charts over Renton 's desk , and Stephanie had a first cut at sorting the internet threads which Frank had referred to .
tr	I	He grabbed Zane 's hand , holding it hard , but his fingers were trembling .
tr	I	He was wearing it to honor his ' father ' and one being that it was given to him by Lord Aeros .
tr	I	I liked to name things anyway , but I wasn 't necessarily a scientist .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe I was actually starting to consider it , but the things she told me about her dad got me interested .
tr	I	It 's been expunged , but I did time I shouldn 't have for a conviction that shouldn 't have happened .
tr	I	Then it choked off , but Veronica started to laugh .
tr	O	Just yesterday , a helicopter had brought Noel here from Rosewood , and he hadn 't regained consciousness since .
tr	O	The hallucinations were a real pain in the ass , but at least I was aware of what was happening .
tr	O	I sucked in air , but there was something ... more .
tr	O	Sulley stepped toward me to insist , but Will stepped up between us .
tr	I	Then frowned more deeply upon seeing Max , and she frowned at him .
tr	I	Sage felt more comfortable on the ground , but Pat would ride .
tr	I	She was sort of glad , and he didn 't respond .
tr	O	The pain was nearly blinding in its intensity , and again he couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	She had not been booted to the curb either , but it had not been inviting .
tr	O	He mimicked her words and she chased him around the parking lot .
tr	O	His eyes squeezed tight and his head thrust back toward the ceiling .
tr	O	Rafe 's face twisted bitterly , and Adele suddenly found his eyes upon her .
tr	I	My cynical side was just fine , thanks , but the rest of me might be walking wounded .
tr	I	That certainly didn 't need to be done the first day he was back , but yes , there were some legal papers to be drawn up .
tr	O	Five minutes later , everyone was ready to go , and we started back up the steep , winding trail .
tr	I	He 'd never thought she 'd doubt their relationship , but she 'd told him all about how she 'd overreacted when Callie came into the picture .
tr	O	Gage lifted his hand as if to protest , but she cut him off .
tr	O	My head was spinning by the time he released my mouth , and I dragged in a ragged breath of air .
tr	I	That was all right , but the crowd seemed a bit less enthusiastic at the prospect of a gloriously repetitive eternity .
tr	I	It had all been in my head , and obviously there wasn 't anything there .
tr	O	The sensation faded and I mentally shrugged .
tr	I	The loss of a sip of blood wouldn 't affect her , and all the material she 'd read had told her it didn 't hurt badly .
tr	O	He threw water all of his face hoping it 'd give him energy but alas , he was still dragging when he went down to help Shane .
tr	O	His arms came around me in a hug and I momentarily forgot my horror at Sammy leaving .
tr	O	She came back with Prince and she looked a little horrified .
tr	I	Its gaping maw closed on air and he moved back just in time .
tr	I	Despite this , there is magic in the car , a magic that has brought Ruth back to me , but the blood scares me .
tr	O	I want all of Ethan , and I want him now .
tr	O	He knew something was wrong with him , but he trusted none of them .
tr	I	The ground rumbled so long it could have been an earthquake , and a blast struck off to my left , closer this time .
tr	O	Her grip tightened on the swing , and then he pulled away as she was on the edge ready to plunge into bliss .
tr	O	That question took some real soul-searching , but she was determined to be honest .
tr	O	Then , Payton landed a right hook on Lea 's head , but Lea surprised Payton when a hook landed on her body .
tr	O	He 'd known his recent actions would get him in trouble and he hadn 't cared .
tr	O	Don glared at her , but the smile returned to his face when he looked at his daughter .
tr	O	Repeatedly , he lunged until the point of the blade caught its neck , drawing blood , but still it came on .
tr	I	I 'm about to attempt to find out , but I 'm not even sure I believe in fun anymore .
tr	I	Tristan 's wariness gave way to bewilderment , and the tone held warmth , not threat .
tr	O	One day he 'd go down fighting , but he refused to give up .
tr	I	He felt so betrayed and he was so hurt .
tr	O	The motors groaned slightly and the issue became moot .
tr	O	She did not know too much about him but she wanted to learn .
tr	I	Honestly I didn 't want to and I couldn 't stop the tears .
tr	O	His face broke into a grin , and he blew her a kiss .
tr	I	I heard a shy snigger and Lucas snuggled in beside me .
tr	O	He was still dressed and he was looking at something intently in his hand .
tr	I	His expression was guarded , and I turned to Dasher .
tr	I	Her nostrils pinched , and she looked at the pale , sleeping girl on the bed .
tr	O	I swallowed , but I still felt like I was choking .
tr	O	I knew the admissions office had opened their doors to more graduates , and I knew Sarah had applied .
tr	I	He preferred it that way and he lived his life for himself .
tr	I	I squeeze them together to ease the sudden ache there , and heat pools between my thighs .
tr	I	My eyes were watering and my throat was burning .
tr	I	She nodded , and they spoke in an intimate manner , heads close .
tr	I	It sure as hell better not be this party , and she said she had a surprise for me .
tr	O	I tried it on , and it looked fabulous .
tr	I	She could feel the tension radiating from him , but he was standing motionless .
tr	O	She wasn 't terribly efficient with her work , but she seemed to make a good show of it whenever Carlos was around .
tr	O	He knows that I 'll tell him when I can , but right now in this moment , I don 't think I can .
tr	O	Surely , Constance would signal me , but she 's across the room , out of nudging range .
tr	I	I held nothing back and I related every detail .
tr	O	Jasper would protect Veronica , and Gunner would find the shooter .
tr	O	Her hands shook and she kept them away from the open door , eyes glued to the scene unfolding outside .
tr	O	I couldn 't be happy with T.J. , and now he was robbing me of happiness when he wasn 't around , too .
tr	O	I heard Cole shout my name , but it didn 't make any sense .
tr	I	This time she used it to jab her face several times , and she stuck the poker back into the fire .
tr	O	My legs felt sleepy and my back hurt from riding on the saddle all day .
tr	I	The sun 's light sparkled on it , and it was dark blue , almost black .
tr	I	She had burgundy hair , and she was young , tall , toothpick thin .
tr	O	An outside stone fireplace mirrored the interior , and wicker deck furniture faced the lake .
tr	I	There was no sense in it , but I might have held up the lie a little longer .
tr	I	She found her way out and she needed a clean break .
tr	I	I don 't like that , and it makes me feel helpless .
tr	O	They could not , it was said , keep Scandinavian bogies and the Scriptures separate in their puzzled brains .
tr	O	There is something about his dark hair and athletic build that I find offensive .
tr	I	It was pretty clear they were both dead , but we picked up their rifles to be safe .
tr	O	Trent didn 't like the sound of that , but there was no turning back now .
tr	I	His face is looking outward , away , but his body is angled towards the door .
tr	I	That was it , and Fed and watered .
tr	O	I glanced back at the serving line and the nurses had finished serving the patients .
tr	I	I have allowed it to fester for you and I let that reputation develop .
tr	O	The other directors laughed , but it was half-hearted , uncomfortable .
tr	O	Eldest sent me outside to help with repairs , and I know that Godspeed is showing her age .
tr	O	She paused , her head wobbling , but of course no one spoke .
tr	I	That 's that and I became pregnant .
tr	I	It persisted in staying , but I blinked the residual of the flames away .
tr	I	She knew to fear him but shrouded in a heavy robe with deep cowl , she could see nothing of him .
tr	O	Parker 's grin widened , and he sipped his brandy .
tr	I	There was nothing there now except fresh air over the newly expanded void and I looked back to where I 'd last seen him .
tr	O	Some sort of meeting of the two had occurred before and he wanted to find out all he could about it .
tr	I	I walked alongside him , and he started walking again .
tr	O	The revolting smell made my stomach roll and the bitterness from my stomach began to rise to my tongue .
tr	I	It was too late , but he cocked his arm back .
tr	I	I sat quietly as Seth ordered our wine and we took our seats across from each other .
tr	O	I had never thought of Chad as small , but he had nothing compared to Bastian .
tr	O	The hiding place under the kitchen sink was still there , but four years ' growing had left him too big to fit .
tr	I	I felt myself getting discouraged and this happened several more times .
tr	I	I hesitate on the edge of the crowd , but it looks like a fun time .
tr	O	Luca scoops her into his arms and I accompany him as he carries her back to her suite .
tr	O	When he looked down at her , her eyes were still closed and her body was actually moving rhythmically to his hands .
tr	I	Julie liked to travel light , but she knew that Kim would have a different game plan .
tr	O	She understood little of it , but instinctively she latched on to the mental strength flowing from Darius into her .
tr	O	He 'd probably have waited forever for her , but thank God it hadn 't come to that .
tr	O	My arm protested when I moved , but it didn 't hurt nearly as much as before .
tr	O	Michael even opened the passenger door for her , like a gentleman , but instead of getting in , she reached for the umbrella .
tr	O	She gave in and her lids fluttered .
tr	I	I turn my head toward her and my eyelids gradually open .
tr	O	He muttered an embarrassed goodbye , and I nodded as I left .
tr	I	He looked defeated and his shoulders slumped .
tr	I	I did not want to fight this guy , but I know the adrenalin will save me either way .
tr	I	She blushed once again and she was startled by the heat , the force of his gaze .
tr	O	It 's been probably a day since he 's shaved and his face is covered in dark stubble .
tr	I	I can 't seem to get enough , but I don 't know what it is about her .
tr	O	You 're physically here and you 're giving one hundred percent to your job .
tr	I	Me enveloped in an awkward silence and Gage takes off , leaving Logan .
tr	O	His voice sounded drowsy , and his eyelids looked heavy .
tr	I	I couldn 't , but for a moment , I considered giving him to this stranger , this vampire .
tr	O	He had thought that being in the pool would relax him , but it seemed to have the opposite effect .
tr	O	Something slammed into him and he was bowled over .
tr	O	Rick had a point , but I didn 't know how much help Mak could be .
tr	I	I wasn 't going to apologize , but this might be the dumbest thing I had ever done .
tr	I	The knot in my gut is less tight , and the look on his face is less tense .
tr	I	It was there , but it was like seeing it through a fog .
tr	I	If so , gossip would spread all over the place , and she was worried that Cassie might 've talked you into doing something like that .
tr	I	It 's a tragedy in its own right to throw that away because of something neither of us did , and we 're so good together .
tr	O	I 've been a widow for ten years and your mother is gone .
tr	I	It faded , but I tried to hold on to it .
tr	O	Then I thought about Quinn , and that kept me from giving myself over to the ride .
tr	I	He went on with resignation and Julian 's face showed sorrows .
tr	O	Her feet hit solid ground and she rolled at the impact .
tr	I	Their clothes virtually rags and the men around the campfire were unshaven .
tr	I	He was a good father , but Phoenix didn 't talk much .
tr	O	I started him with fastballs , and he didn 't appear to be intimidated .
tr	O	Every night , she ran in terror from this man and she certainly never expected to see him in her store .
tr	O	He moved my hand on it , and I obligingly circled it with my fingers .
tr	I	Brushing her hair out of her eyes and raising her head .
tr	I	Rumor had him drinking heavily and while Tynan was an admirable man , he was old .
tr	I	She placed hers into it , and he stretched out a hand .
tr	I	A quick smile appears on his face , and he pauses for a second in the middle of his sentence .
tr	O	They opened and I stepped inside .
tr	I	The obtuse night could be hiding anything , but there was no motion that Robinson noticed .
tr	I	He flinched and I pressed my lips to the corner of his .
tr	I	We marched along together , an army of two , and I caught him up , then matched his stride .
tr	I	It was almost time for the next generation to come through , and I 'd been by his side for twenty years .
tr	O	One look at that distressed face and I tossed out my best guess .
tr	O	Fans were often crazy , and some of them did just plain stupid things .
tr	I	You have no right to rule over us all , and you are a liar , a thief .
tr	O	It was nighttime now and the place was closed .
tr	I	It was not enough , but the half takings speed .
tr	O	She had learned more about demons than she thought she ever wanted to know , but she was so scared that her mind couldn 't think .
tr	O	Eris followed , but when she was at the arch she realized Sye wasn 't with her .
tr	O	Guilt crept back in and I broke away .
tr	I	It occurred to me that Patch had taken great care not to leave any trace of himself behind , and the actual computer was gone .
tr	I	Then I dream about you when I sleep , and I think about you every damn moment that I 'm awake .
tr	O	Sure , Sergio would have had to go on vacation with Olivia , but if anyone could handle themselves , it was him .
tr	O	At the time I assumed it was a passing infatuation , but time would change my reality .
tr	I	The children were abducted , never to be seen again , but they usually tore their adult victims to shreds .
tr	I	She held the thick file folder in front of her chest defensively but Helen chose to simply stand in place , eyebrows rising in polite inquiry .
tr	I	He jerked his head to the side , flicking his hair from his eyes and his arms remained folded .
tr	O	All held bloodied swords aloft , and one man brandished a pike on which he had stuck the head of a girl .
tr	I	Their eyes appeared to study him intently and Tom looked closer at the lions .
tr	I	It seems wrong to talk at a normal level , but I feel ridiculous whispering .
tr	I	I should be a politician and it was obvious Johanna had grown fond of this idea that we should get married .
tr	I	I wasn 't stupid , but I might have been stubborn .
tr	I	She was leaving next week sometime , and on Sunday he would be leaving .
tr	I	His words hurt , but she knew it was a joke .
tr	I	I nearly wept with relief , and it was Jeff 's voice .
tr	I	She glanced to Hera before looking back at Zeus and her eyebrows flew up .
tr	O	A bit of sun would have helped , but it remained steadily overcast , with dark clouds rolling over us from the west .
tr	O	Her inner muscles clenched and Gray pumped his h * ps harder against her , lifting her almost off of his lap .
tr	I	Nick blinked at her and she nodded .
tr	O	This wasn 't okay , and it wasn 't fun .
tr	I	Hester found herself enjoying the maternal companionship , and it was a role Jessica had filled .
tr	I	It 's stiff , stuck to the ground , but she tries to lift it onto her lap .
tr	I	Shotgun rejoined them , and pebbles grinding under foot interrupted their conversation .
tr	O	That 's Dylan 's thing and he 's welcome to it .
tr	O	I open my mouth to say goodbye , but it seems such an insignificant word to use .
tr	I	They 're just classmates , none of them my friends , but a few random faces pop up .
tr	O	The one day I could have eaten , and Ryan 's letter eliminated any appetite I might have had .
tr	O	Her official name was Miss Pastry Chef , due to Yolanda 's dream occupation , but sometimes her name was shortened to Mischief .
tr	O	These are good people and we are the future .
tr	O	The door opened and a withered old prune of a woman walking with two sticks peered out at Becky .
tr	I	I couldn 't move and I was linked up to a variety of monitors .
tr	O	I shook his shoulders , but there was no movement .
tr	I	We might be able to keep it that way , and the press doesn 't know what happened last week .
tr	O	Lucas turned toward the man and I followed slowly , Jeremiah bringing up the rear .
tr	O	A.J. opened her mouth but he cut her off .
tr	O	The foul odour tickled the back of his throat and he gagged on a rise of bile .
tr	I	Then he meets me in the room , and Realm stopped to wash his face .
tr	O	Again many of the animals looked familiar , and some of those she couldn 't place .
tr	I	She was rapidly escorted away by two of the Africans from the Island but they tried to surround the bent over figure of Doctor Owerri .
tr	O	The scales of karmic justice stretch for all eternity , and everything must be settled in full .
tr	I	While my finger was on the button it started to ring again , but I was about to open up the call log .
tr	O	The metal felt warm against my skin , and I wondered if it was my imagination .
tr	O	She wanted to hold the truth from him but he would find out anyway .
tr	I	He wondered what she 'd done with it and now his ring was missing from her finger .
tr	I	Because my stomach was still queasy , I decided against it , but I thought about getting something to eat before healing the core .
tr	O	Sidney laughed and I heard Betty muttering at him in the background .
tr	I	Antonietta didn 't need light , but the passageway was pitch black .
tr	I	I don 't want to be on the other end of it , and she 's got an angry gleam in her eye .
tr	O	He loves our baby so much , and she 's not even here yet .
tr	O	As the seconds ticked by , I stood there , shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other , and finally I cleared my throat .
tr	O	I hurried in as fast as I could , but it was too late .
tr	O	She gets cocky sometimes and that gets her caught .
tr	I	Once you 've signed it you can go and I 'll have the statement typed up from this interview .
tr	I	Josh walked back to me and the man nodded .
tr	I	He didn 't really care now , and Simon hadn 't noticed it before .
tr	O	All those eyes swiveled from her to me , and for a moment , I couldn 't breathe .
tr	I	He had no knowledge of her destination , and all Farley knew was The Owner would be sailing soon .
tr	O	I looked at him , and he looked at me .
tr	I	I had no way to reach him , and that left my father .
tr	I	She wasn 't at all sure what to expect when she arrived and it had been a full eight weeks since she 'd been to the village .
tr	O	He staggered suddenly under the weight of the load he carried , and his head turned toward me as if drawn by a magnet .
tr	I	Her legs promptly gave out and Ever stood .
tr	O	He 'd taken over , lavished luxury on her , and she 'd spent every available moment with him in his hotel suite .
tr	O	Kara shrieked , but John disappeared into the house .
tr	I	Doing things that made her happy , and she 'd concentrate on her business , her friends .
tr	O	I hit the log again , and the same thing happens , I hit it hard with my hand , with a tear coming from my eyes .
tr	O	They were pretty and they were rocks -- two reasons why she wouldn 't put them in her ears .
tr	O	I love Nicole and I love Stephan .
tr	O	He wanted to check on her , but with enemies around he couldn 't .
tr	O	Her husband , Simon 's , face was almost taut with restraint , and the hand that rested on his knee was clenched in a fist .
tr	O	She 's grabbed a professional make-up mirror and she 's applying eyeliner with determination .
tr	O	This was silly and I said so .
tr	I	Now , here she was again but he thought he 'd escaped her .
tr	O	I can 't stand the monotony that my life was , but with you it will never be boring again .
tr	I	It would support his body weight , and he knew the water was close by .
tr	O	The man looked aggrieved , but at last he obeyed .
tr	I	He hadn 't even gotten that far and I 'd been with him for six months .
tr	O	He didn 't understand , but he was relieved to know .
tr	I	I still felt stupid , nonetheless , but I don 't even know why , I didn 't even really like the guy .
tr	I	I keep mine fixed on his but his eyes narrow to confusion .
tr	I	I took my position on the right side of the plate , and Rico squatted behind me .
tr	O	You could judge a person by what he said , but Sarah had always believed that a person 's true nature was revealed in his actions .
tr	I	That 's why she died and she had problems with drugs .
tr	O	Her face is swollen and her voice is listless , like a heavy sigh .
tr	I	He 'd seen much friendlier ones too , but Durr Cable had seen worse juries .
tr	I	I didn 't really know what I was looking for , but I moved to the front of the ship where Sean had motioned .
tr	I	It 's a cover , but the mark is real .
tr	I	He wanted to be safe , but the glue was supposed to work instantly .
tr	O	Peter knew he could capitalise on her admiration but he never felt comfortable when money was behind it .
tr	I	He grabbed her leg , bringing her closer to the edge but she scrambled away .
tr	I	She dropped the straw , watching it slow , and one , two ... three turns .
tr	I	I could see blood dripping from his face to the floor and his head hung down .
tr	O	He didn 't think much of Atlantica , but he wasn 't entirely unreasonable .
tr	O	We were out last night and obviously we were asleep until your call .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , and for a moment , I feared the worst .
tr	O	Dancing was one of Toni 's passions , and when she got out on the dance floor , she forgot everything else .
tr	I	Athena would not be reasoned with -- not even by the King of the Gods , but her love had argued with Zeus .
tr	O	A great wrong was done to her , and she gave back love .
tr	O	He opened the door and she stepped into his embrace .
tr	I	I guess it doesn 't matter , but Dear Journal , I am not sure what day it is .
tr	I	She slammed the door behind him and he quickly departed .
tr	O	There were points she approved of in his policies , but giving the tax incentives to donors instead of funding education had irked her .
tr	I	The base commanders had kept their distance and the states in the ASSC were flirting with rebellion in many people 's eyes .
tr	O	Duncan told her he brought her here for seduction and here she was letting him .
tr	O	A lump of bar came loose in her hand , squishing between her fingers , and the floor warped around her , sucking her down .
tr	O	I walked toward her , but she didn 't move .
tr	I	She wanted to be able to do the same for him and she knew he would listen with an open mind to her reasons .
tr	I	They got on and the train came .
tr	I	There was no breeze as the men continued to try to understand the problems they were facing and the temperature was approaching ninety degrees .
tr	I	He smiled , abruptly returning to his show , and Recognition dawned on Morgan 's face .
tr	O	His fingers tightened around mine and I felt his body stiffen .
tr	I	The expression quickly softened , but Dak looked at him sharply , as if he assumed the boy was mocking him .
tr	O	Tammy waited , but her Grandmother just closed her eyes .
tr	O	My first thought is that the demons are mounting an attack , but they don 't seem to be paying any attention to us .
tr	O	Already it was time for Rush to leave her , and she hadn 't said even half of what was in her heart .
tr	I	Then no one needs to know , and now I 'll just defeat Cain in the duel .
tr	I	Yet it was more of the same -- only worse and I had seen visions of a place where the land was made of gold !
tr	O	Maybe he 'd give me some grief for twisting his fingers , and I 'd have an excuse for a good fight .
tr	I	Rachel didn 't have time to reply , but Nate whispered sarcastically .
tr	I	Water started flowing , and then she pumped a water handle at the sink .
tr	O	Jacques had no idea what it was , but he was certain there was hidden danger .
tr	O	I whispered in his ear and he started to tickle me .
tr	O	Blaze runs forward , but Des is there first .
tr	O	My scream got stuck in my throat , and the bottle of pills hit the gravel .
tr	I	Every effort should be made to stamp it out , and the crime of witchcraft is abhorrent to decent men .
tr	O	He might get splinters in his ass , but she 'd be glad to pull those out for him if they lived through it .
tr	O	The commanding officer seemed somewhat confused , but the scholar knew immediately Jason 's intent .
tr	I	He did not take it but his gaze moved to it .
tr	O	I gripped the door handle , ready to exit , but then stopped myself .
tr	O	She moaned and he was glad to hear nothing in that soft sound that could possibly be construed as a ' no ' .
tr	O	Death Drive was stunned and he was not the only one .
tr	O	Finally the Roman Emperor himself , Septimus Severus , came to Britain to subdue the Scottish tribes , but even he never penetrated our strongholds .
tr	O	It was Monday morning , and against my better judgment I 'd spent Sunday night at Colin 's place .
tr	I	I closed my eyes to enjoy it to the fullest , and The rose had been chosen for smell , not appearance .
tr	O	She had grown bored with reading stories , but a secret door was another matter .
tr	O	Mr. Lonely had told him to think about his proposal , but Percival decided to go through with his own threat .
tr	O	The process seems to take many stored experiences from the brain , but although the good ones gradually return , the darker ones remain submerged .
tr	O	Tears tumbled down her cheeks , and her breathing became choppy .
tr	O	Ruth had never expected to have a second chance with him , and this time she was determined not to ruin things between them .
tr	O	Daniel grinned at Rebecca as the door closed and he turned the key in the lock .
tr	I	It could only be a matter of time , but so far , Peter had not seen any of his companions amongst them .
tr	I	Jessica 's stomach tingled , and the town limit flashed by .
tr	O	An answering snarl rose from the depths of the ship , and then Varg came up the stairs through the cargo doors .
tr	I	Lexi couldn 't take it anymore and Mia launched into another college story .
tr	I	She yielded to his advances , and she could feel his huge manhood press against her velvet folds .
tr	O	I try to bring up the memories , to understand what Evie is talking about , but I come up blank .
tr	O	It was huge , and I could picture it already .
tr	I	He will be taking questions at the end , but he is only available for a short while .
tr	O	Bobby turned sharply through many uncontrolled intersections and in no time they were in a heavily unknown part of town .
tr	I	His jaw tightens , but James doesn 't turn to me .
tr	O	I had no idea why she was in my room , but I wasn 't about to turn her away .
tr	O	I hear the thing chasing us , and it has got to be huge .
tr	I	It continued to lumber forward , but the other hit a Forsaken in the middle of its skull .
tr	I	Jake wasn 't having any of that but Elissa tried to close her fingers over her palms .
tr	O	She yawned , and his smile became a genuine one .
tr	I	Praying for aim , I propelled it , and I grabbed the stake she 'd thrown .
tr	O	Matt stopped , feeling sicker , and Seth stood at his side .
tr	I	Evan leads the way and we nod .
tr	I	No one was around , but I rushed from room to room .
tr	O	Donnie begins to pull away , but Anna squeezes his wrist gently .
tr	O	He trembled now and his color looked really bad .
tr	O	There 's a cough from one of the rooms across the hallway behind me and I turn towards the noise .
tr	I	If you knew my father , you would know how much easier said than done that was but I tried questioning him .
tr	I	He nods his head , as if to say okay , and I motion for him to come over .
tr	O	By then we had come to the far door , with a keypad , and Vince punched in numbers quickly .
tr	O	I opened my mouth to tell him where he could shove his assumptions , but his last words caught me off-guard .
tr	O	Even the City Ward came looking for him on more than one occasion , but I managed to keep Lawrence out of trouble .
tr	O	The man stared up at him and his eyes widened .
tr	I	One is the prey and one is the hunter .
tr	I	There was snow on the ground so I needed the coat , and Daryl Harper was there to meet me when the plane landed .
tr	O	It was incredible how much it calmed her these days , but more than that , it also made her feel strong .
tr	O	When he entered the room , his smile was gone and she stood up , instantly concerned .
tr	I	The Syndicate did not care and those left behind would die .
tr	O	Horses would have been a faster travel option , but we were afraid of attracting any unnecessary attention .
tr	I	Feel his eyelashes brush her skin , and to put her cheek against his .
tr	I	Clearly there is something going on here , but I don 't know what went wrong .
tr	O	There was something familiar about it , but I couldn 't quite place it .
tr	I	He didn 't let go of my hand , but as though sensing my thoughts , he pulled back .
tr	I	It was hard not to cry and I 'd never looked so beautiful .
tr	O	He mirrored her , but just as if a pane of glass were between them , they both let their hand fall before they could touch .
tr	O	Valerie happened to be there at the time , and she recognized the weariness in Colby 's face .
tr	I	Every conversation ended up the same way , and she 'd spoken to twelve employers today .
tr	I	Her head was lolling to the side and her face was completely red .
tr	O	It had been several seconds and Callum was completely still on the ground .
tr	O	He 's trying to stop it , but some vulnerability is escaping from that pair of blue eyes .
tr	O	He knows it 's a gift , and he pushes it to the limit .
tr	I	I was a mass of tension , but I continued what I was doing .
tr	I	The red glowed and the walls closed in .
tr	O	Her head whips around and the wolf emerges again .
tr	O	She was one of the prettiest girls at Quail Mountain High , but to me , her attraction wasn 't so much her looks .
tr	O	He knew that it was pointless , but it haunted him every waking minute .
tr	I	I can 't believe how much I 've missed girl time and the tequila helps loosen me up .
tr	I	I felt strangely calm , and I asked .
tr	O	Judge Harkin ordered a fifteen-minute recess , and when he returned to the bench he announced they were entering into a different phase of jury selection .
tr	I	I would use it today , but I hardly ever watched it .
tr	O	My heart pounded in my chest as I waited for him to respond , but he wouldn 't say a word .
tr	O	I lifted my eyes to meet his and a slow sexy smile instantly eased my mind .
tr	I	The restraints vanished from his arms , and he was struggling .
tr	O	She had a lot to think about and she couldn 't do it here .
tr	I	I 'm not , but Sean watches me , trying to sense the lie that he thinks I 'm telling .
tr	O	A rock had formed on top of my chest and I closed my eyes , trying to make it go away .
tr	I	She looks kind of sad , and she 's not laughing anymore .
tr	O	She didn 't walk with any purpose , but she did want to talk with Veronica .
tr	O	Her gaze moved to Hess , and repulsion coiled in her veins .
tr	O	She 'd looked at me like I was an alien at first , too , but now I was pretty sure she liked me .
tr	I	I was looking at him and he was looking at the camera .
tr	O	The rigorous pace discouraged conversation , but Winston occasionally waxed philosophical .
tr	O	The lethargy vanished , replaced by an energy that made me feel like I was on a thousand energy drinks , and they were all working .
tr	O	Will dressed for dinner was handsome enough to take away her breath , and she 'd had the feeling she 'd need her wits about her .
tr	O	The next weeks would be grueling , and his only chance of success was in gaining the cooperation of his new clan .
tr	I	Tears filled his eyes and Lou took several steps back .
tr	I	He fell to the ground near the bush and another scream .
tr	I	Then she heard it open again , but the door to the dining hal shut .
tr	O	I knew the plot of Charley 's Aunt and I liked it .
tr	O	She made it in time , but unfortunately she was cowering in the shadow of the open door .
tr	O	There wasn 't as much blood as he 'd hoped , but it was still pretty cool the way the arm flipped down the steps .
tr	I	I 'm not in labor , but well , they feel real .
tr	I	Chantelle jumped , panicking as she slapped her pocket , praying the big man hadn 't heard the mobile and suddenly a loud buzzing sounded .
tr	O	He can comprehend some things , but how much did he really know of what he was letting himself in for ?
tr	I	I covered my mouth to keep from laughing , and he stammered all over himself .
tr	I	I would be damned if Woods knew about it but the heat had gotten to me .
tr	O	Things had looked tense and his back had been to me most of the time .
tr	O	Acting on instinct , I sagged in their arms , and they cried out in surprise .
tr	O	The man shot his wire again , but I raised a hand to shield myself .
tr	I	They were whisked back into town and finally the bus arrived .
tr	I	I stared into her eyes and I ran my fingers through her hair .
tr	I	We linked arms as we went out into the lobby of the venue , where there was no sign of life and I nodded .
tr	O	Della 's blood pressure rose and her canines extended just watching him .
tr	O	He tried picturing the brick walls in more detail but that didn 't help .
tr	I	Within seconds the door was open , and I heard Bethany say something incoherently .
tr	O	He 'd bared his soul and she didn 't believe him .
tr	I	She could see the gaping chest wound and the blood on his shirt had dried .
tr	I	It looked so much more delicate on this side of existence , but her face bore the same contours .
tr	I	Tonight he decided to leave through the front foyer , but he often left the building through the lower garage .
tr	O	It was easy to lose himself in her , and he almost couldn 't believe he 'd resisted her for so long .
tr	I	I couldn 't find where to say yes from , but the car , a warm shell of light , seemed heaven .
tr	O	It hurts , but I learned long ago that everything hurts .
tr	O	She wrapped her legs around him and he walked her towards the counter .
tr	O	The Shadow Agents didn 't let innocents die , and he wasn 't about to let the killer escape from Rio .
tr	I	He 'd live with it , and I 'd made my decision .
tr	O	Her legs tired , but she kept running .
tr	I	Her lips brushed over his throat , and she leaned up on her toes .
tr	O	Those words warmed my heart , but I had to be realistic .
tr	O	I 'm in love with her and I 'm living on borrowed time .
tr	O	Your designs have such great promise , and I absolutely see a tremendous market for them .
tr	I	She jumped in alarm , and the phone rang again .
tr	I	I don 't know how to deal with it and I 'm not used to being happy .
tr	I	She was sure he was remembering and he was silent for several moments .
tr	I	I couldn 't imagine how I had , and I hadn 't meant to offend him , of course .
tr	I	I ducked to the right , and Instinct took over .
tr	O	They had humans with them , and those heartbeats sent Kira 's hunger into overdrive .
tr	O	It was now the middle of the day , and they were far from the baseball field .
tr	O	I want to ask him about last night , but I can 't chance someone hearing our conversation .
tr	I	It is being sent to the prince as we speak and I have sent the news to my family .
tr	O	I came to Seattle to interview for a job , and I found out this afternoon that I got it .
tr	O	Neighbors had gathered outside , and I could hear sirens in the distance .
tr	I	That 's it , then it 's too late , and then tomorrow morning they will come for you .
tr	I	The room got brighter , and I stuck my whole hand in .
tr	I	Nothing changes , but she tugs once at the dress , trying to get it fall in a different way .
tr	I	What was new but she didn 't trust me ?
tr	I	I could see that it moved Mrs. Leslie deeply , but I did not know what to make of that .
tr	O	It was barely getting light out , but Morgan knew ranch life started early .
tr	O	Andrea arched to him , her own climax taking her , but Sean never wanted to stop .
tr	I	His effect on women was something he largely took for granted , but he wasn 't vain .
tr	I	Something caught his eye and he reached for it .
tr	O	She eyed him suspiciously , but she wanted this house .
tr	I	He remained silent but she peered up at him , hoping he would say more .
tr	I	Aiden would never let me walk away alone , but leaving in the middle of the night might seem like a terrible thing to do .
tr	I	It dropped a lot of water and that was a pretty intense storm .
tr	O	I opened my eyes , but it was still completely black .
tr	O	Whoever these men were , they had the power to turn James into a babbling boy , and that terrified me .
tr	O	He 's terrified of them , but he always forgets to zip his swag up properly .
tr	O	He 'd given Roy his word he 'd help her and he would .
tr	O	Edgar shot Locke a dark look , but he ignored it as he stared down the hall with a smirk on his face .
tr	O	He meant my indecision would hurt Denny , but as his eyes glistened even more , I was sure he was also talking about himself .
tr	I	They 're dying to meet you and the rest of the family will be here .
tr	O	There was a pause and I heard a choking sound on the other end .
tr	I	Someone 's been cut and Window broke .
tr	I	It was letting go , and there was only one option left .
tr	O	She heard footsteps on the stairs and her heart started thumping in an out-of-control rhythm .
tr	I	I have heard countless lies and I have heard the truth told .
tr	O	They exude a certain harmony , and that 's why I think they won 't hurt us , even if I 've misunderstood about the festival .
tr	I	I 'm hoping it 's all coincidence and it 's all beginning to piece together .
tr	O	I was in a state of flux , and the catalyst for it all was Josie .
tr	I	Though he was heavy , she didn 't want him to move and Christian was sprawled on top of her .
tr	I	Jacob felt her watching him and Tabitha slipped into the bed .
tr	O	I slid my legs up his back higher and he groaned , then threw his head back .
tr	O	It was more controlled , but it was there .
tr	O	His siblings accused him of being all business all the time , but somebody had to be focused on the future of Hightower Aviation .
tr	O	Another bit at her leg , but her boot protected her skin from its teeth .
tr	I	I swallowed back bile , and my stomach twisted .
tr	I	It took Ink a bit longer to vacate the cab , but L.J. got out .
tr	O	She was smiling at something someone said , but there was something in her eyes , something out of place .
tr	I	He recovers immediately , but Elliott 's step falters as he sees the man .
tr	O	He jerked back and nausea hit .
tr	I	She often worked late into the evenings after she came home , and she was a workaholic , no time for relationships .
tr	I	We walked to the pool , and Evan took my hand again .
tr	I	I didn 't think I would have anyway , but I didn 't have time to move away .
tr	I	I 'm well aware that your diet is atrocious and you 're working too hard , not exercising enough .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have thought it possible , but she found the whole messy bachelor pad thing kind of endearing , just like Ty himself .
tr	I	Benedict was often ... eager for female company , and Salina 's mother died when she was young .
tr	I	I know I 'm killing time and a few more days pass .
tr	O	I wanted to believe it wasn 't my fault , but Mindi was hurt after Kennedy had chewed him out .
tr	I	We 'll meet at the inn , and I 'll give Grace a call .
tr	O	He was trapped and there was nothing he could do about it .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to speak , but she held up a hand .
tr	I	Some things found themselves outside in the snow this time , but we continued to stumble over his gear scattered all over .
tr	I	He 'd be more respectful , but not that Hazel would be any more gentle if he got the chance .
tr	O	I had to carefully conceal my thoughts and to date , I 'd been successful .
tr	O	The screamer nodded , and she removed her hand .
tr	O	He then cut thin strips , which he laid out to dry , and only when this was finished did he eat his fill .
tr	O	My eyes well up at the thought , but I push it down .
tr	O	His Holiness believes a peaceful exodus from the schism is in sight , and it is exactly his peaceful disposition that renders him weak .
tr	I	I always insist , but Ben hates having to go to sleep .
tr	O	He saw that look as a sign of happiness , and he said that I should do more things with my sister .
tr	I	They were not helping , and I was going certifiable .
tr	O	I only caught a glimpse , but I saw you kiss him .
tr	I	This was one of those times , and sometimes strong tastes fit strong emotions .
tr	O	I tried to speak his name but no words came .
tr	O	Something crashed behind us and he jumped to his feet , shoving me behind him .
tr	O	It was cold , and the sun was sinking towards the horizon .
tr	I	Someone handed me a bucket , and her henchmen undid the restraints .
tr	I	He could cut me a little slack on the sex thing , and I figured God had made me with the disability of telepathy .
tr	O	We had a big day planned for the next day and I wanted them all in tip-top condition .
tr	O	It was one of the few memories she had of her parents , and she wasn 't even sure how much of it was real .
tr	O	It was only twelve miles to the mainland , but progress was painstakingly slow .
tr	O	When our eyes met , she seemed empty , and we were silent in each other 's company .
tr	I	It was only a plain white shirt , nothing special , but his white shirt reminded her of the pirate captains she had seen in movies .
tr	O	The work was absorbing , and he 'd thrown himself into it with the cool , incisive intelligence that he also used to govern his personal life .
tr	I	Horace changed partners , and McDougal started laughing .
tr	I	It flailed against the restraints and he jerked his left arm .
tr	O	Eugene Balthasar disrupted that order , and that is why he died .
tr	I	That might push Jack over the edge , but she wanted to laugh , to cheer .
tr	O	Her shop 's not doing so great right now , and I don 't make a lot .
tr	I	She 'd just be setting herself up for heartbreak , and assuming it could turn into anything more wasn 't smart .
tr	O	For a moment , she wished she would have taken the later flight , but she wanted to get back early since classes resumed tomorrow .
tr	O	My head snapped up , but my eyes saw nothing .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's going on , but you 're out of line .
tr	I	Maxie shook himself dry and they picked themselves up .
tr	I	They were too small to see through , but I pressed my eyes to the holes .
tr	O	A hand touches my shoulder , and I twitch away from it .
tr	I	I think it landed somewhere on his neck , but I 'd been aiming for his cheek .
tr	O	He doesn 't hit her in the face , but he gets the rest of her pretty well .
tr	I	Mostly it is all about intention , but it takes a lot of practice .
tr	I	He stopped walking , and a disconcerting thought crossed Michael 's mind .
tr	I	She purred loudly , and he tickled the kitten under her chin .
tr	O	The old man 's eyebrows rose , and he gave a great belly laugh .
tr	I	Mr. Smith is practically trying to run the trial from his hospital bed and Derek has been in constant communication .
tr	O	It might not be easy , but at least it 's not going to be a full year this time .
tr	O	There was just enough room for Trystan and me to move around without bumping into each other .
tr	I	They were police all right , but they were out of uniform .
tr	I	I realized that this was exactly what I needed and with each stride my thoughts became clearer .
tr	O	A huge smile crept over Katherine 's face and her eyes lit up .
tr	I	He had to walk tall , and he was at the front .
tr	O	I think it 's going to be a little overwhelming at first , but I know you can handle it .
tr	I	You don 't keep track of human deaths , and she was only human .
tr	I	At the same time he knew , but he did not know for certain what he had .
tr	O	Catalina laid out a blanket to sit on and the boys ran off dancing in the rotunda .
tr	O	His lips only met hair , but it still felt like electricity ran over my body .
tr	I	I couldn 't help it , but I knew he was right .
tr	O	He watches my fingers trailing a path down his forearm , and he suddenly grabs my hand with a lightning quick movement .
tr	O	We fog up the windows and there 's a hand pressed against the glass just like in that one movie .
tr	O	He seemed like a perfectly nice guy but he was almost too good to be true .
tr	I	I looked at him with wide eyes and Blake 's voice cut through my thoughts .
tr	O	Several people admitted that they had been atheist before , but now , for some reason , they weren 't .
tr	O	He stumbled through his presentation with even less tact than usual , yet the applause seemed far too gracious .
tr	O	My dad always read it over breakfast , and I knew enough not to touch it .
tr	O	So far he 's being a good sport , but he has no idea what I have in store for him .
tr	O	Then they 'll go to sleep , and the second four will take over .
tr	I	You didn 't do this , but it might be your work .
tr	I	She miraculously found her pleasure again , and their tempo increased , perfectly matched .
tr	I	She had lived for thousands of years , yet she hardly looked a day over twenty-five .
tr	O	They love you , and we do too .
tr	O	He wanted to instill fear among the people of Greenwood Island , but his army was a different matter .
tr	O	I knew the headache would pass soon , but I took some ibuprofen to help the process .
tr	I	I used it when I shut the door of 507 behind us , and I had a napkin in my hand .
tr	O	He stays silent and I wonder if he 's still inside me .
tr	I	Megan had come to terms with her grief , the same way he had , but Troy was well aware that she missed her mother .
tr	I	They 'd fight for it and this was their home .
tr	O	So they were always in some form of debt , but they had nicer things .
tr	O	Sergei smiled each time this happened , but he restrained himself from executing them .
tr	I	I twisted out of his grip , but his hand closed on my arm .
tr	O	I touched my fingers to my cheek , and a slow blush rose to the surface .
tr	O	The twisting streambed made a sharp bend to the right , and they rode into the light of the newly risen sun .
tr	O	My eyes lift up as I think this and I take a second look at my dad .
tr	O	He sits there for what feels like an eternity and I swear I actually can see when the lights go off in his eyes .
tr	I	I soon learned how to fill in the gaps , but my only possessions in those days were the clothes on my back .
tr	O	It was now quite bright and I saw that I was surrounded by those familiar gray panels with the flashing red lights .
tr	I	My body felt pricked by dozens of pins , but at least , he didn 't slow down .
tr	I	She 's the only one who isn 't over the top successful and Taylor was in my class .
tr	O	Jenna had turned into some monster and Tammy didn 't need friends like that .
tr	I	I 'm not at all , but the nurses seem to think these wardens being here might embarrass me .
tr	O	I wasn 't aware of a certain type he had , but I was pretty sure it wasn 't me .
tr	I	She knew someone was there , but she couldn 't see anyone .
tr	O	I look over to see Beast doing the same , but it is harder for him because he cannot stop smiling .
tr	O	A trick to build up her hopes only to dash them cruelly , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	Home was twenty-five miles away , and Merton 's a big town .
tr	O	She climbed out toward the edge of the branch , and just as she reached toward the window the branch began to break .
tr	O	Howard intended to exact retribution , but this new information required patience .
tr	I	Her husband is long gone and her family is far away .
tr	I	The others started to get nervous , too , and there was another crack , closer this time .
tr	I	I want to help you , and I 'm here with you .
tr	O	Maybe I haven 't changed to Noah but I have changed .
tr	I	That 's all right , and we drift off with no solutions between us .
tr	I	A storm approached and clouds came in .
tr	I	The Smoker lowered his sticks , and the Thugs running toward her drew to a stop .
tr	I	I 'd back away , but it would be hard .
tr	O	A woman 's voice rings out , and I recognize Mary at once .
tr	I	She wanted what he was offering and Instinct was taking over .
tr	I	It frightened me , and I was starting to feel that way now .
tr	I	We descended the stairs , and I took a deep breath .
tr	I	She knew where she was going , but she didn 't know where she was .
tr	O	The photographer 's shout broke through Ilona 's thoughts and she felt herself being pulled toward the waiting car .
tr	O	Tom smiled back , but it soon faded .
tr	I	I smiled , but I said .
tr	I	It didn 't help that Ellie was scared to death of the dark and that seemed odd for a dream .
tr	I	I 'm so happy you are here , but I didn 't get a chance to know you well .
tr	I	They show no sign of calming down , and Blood has spattered all over both of them .
tr	I	The smells of the wood were different too , and the temperature was too cold for late spring .
tr	I	I wouldn 't tell them who , but they know someone was with me .
tr	O	Her eyelashes fluttered down and she complied with his command .
tr	I	It fired her imagination , and the setting was picturesque .
tr	O	He walked with a confident swagger that all of the girls found irresistible , and his tousled dark hair blew in the breeze .
tr	O	His hand was extended , and he was waving her over .
tr	I	I gave him a good second shot and he took it up quickly .
tr	O	He smiles and we make love again .
tr	O	Her smile slipped away but she nodded .
tr	O	Mrs. Chandler simply nodded , and then she left Luna .
tr	O	She says and I grin .
tr	O	She was the first to see them coming , and she ran to make sure Sage was all right .
tr	I	Courtney always wants one , but I shake my head .
tr	I	It was a comfortable one , but we sat there in silence .
tr	O	James kept his arm around Joni , but she shuddered at the venom in Kathy 's eyes .
tr	I	I can 't survive a year in their clutches , never mind a single decade , and that process will take decades .
tr	I	Winston was glad to be terminating the relationship , but they 'd been his benefactors .
tr	O	They 'd had a special friendship all that time , and they now had a chance to have even more .
tr	O	I open my mouth to call out , but my lips only manage to form a silent Dad .
tr	O	The simple movement caused his chest to rub against mine , and I had to bite my lip to keep from moaning .
tr	O	All too soon the dance ended , and another song began .
tr	O	There was no way to know for sure , but surely it was a slim chance anyone would know enough to tell anyone anything about Mason .
tr	I	Avoiding the way they had taken , but he glanced around before leading them back in the direction of the house .
tr	I	The rest is history , so to speak , and my clerk subsequently took the booking for the memorial service .
tr	O	His story poured out of him and the woman listened to every word .
tr	O	He treated her well , and he never hit his women .
tr	I	She turned to glare at it and her doorbell chimed .
tr	I	He was not about to say that , but being rudely summoned before the heir to the throne with no explanation was highly unusual .
tr	I	That had created a job opening and three people from the radio station had died .
tr	O	She was right , and he knew it .
tr	I	He really couldn 't help it now , but Seth tried not to dwell on it too much .
tr	O	Yes , it had been a good kiss , but it hadn 't been more than a kiss .
tr	I	Caroline went rigid , and an arm slipped around her waist .
tr	O	She takes him from me , and he attaches to her with visible shivers of pleasure .
tr	O	You 're not a doon and you 're not doing anything wrong !
tr	O	I was taken without incident to my cell , but as the guards unlocked it , I glanced at the other closed doors in the hallway .
tr	I	Maybe when she came back to visit her sister , she could see Paul , too , and she 'd go on her way .
tr	I	Every time I heard one , panic seized me , but I had to keep telling myself not to make a big deal of the jokes .
tr	O	He tried to put into words how he 'd felt yesterday , but as always , this kind of honesty was difficult .
tr	I	No-one was willing to ask why , and however Frank had been missing for the past five years .
tr	O	I could feel the tears threatening , but I was determined to not cry .
tr	I	He eyed the bag I was just going through , stuffing things back in it and I rose .
tr	O	The boot slammed and the driver returned .
tr	I	The wind had picked up and it was almost dark now .
tr	O	I wasn 't exactly sure how he was going to do it , but it was possible .
tr	O	She went to get up , but he stopped her .
tr	I	I press my lips against his softly , and my fingers smooth over his closed eyes .
tr	O	She shrugged and that little movement had her shifting on his lap again .
tr	I	I realized that that had been naive , but once I 'd thought it would .
tr	O	He had been watching me , and neither of us saw the second rocket .
tr	O	She was a handmaiden , beneath his status in the eyes of the community , but she had the spirit of a queen .
tr	I	The linked rafts began to drift apart and the ropes were finally severed .
tr	O	Her head snapped up and she gaped at the confused look on his face .
tr	I	He was staring into the distance at something Paul could not see , and Logan 's eyes gave off an eerie silver glow in the darkness .
tr	O	He hated to leave her at risk for even a minute , but he had no guarantee she was coming right back .
tr	I	You don 't , but he thinks you spend every night falling asleep thinking of him .
tr	I	I planned to bury myself in a secluded spot in the library and I went back to our room to get my books .
tr	O	She protested , but the protests fell on deaf ears .
tr	I	I 'm unsure if he even realizes he 's doing it , but he leans in , pressing his chest harder against my back .
tr	O	I said , and he nodded .
tr	I	He was so incredibly giving and he asked her for nothing .
tr	O	I raised it high and the chant grew louder .
tr	I	They still have murder in their hearts , but we 've beaten them back a little .
tr	O	she asked herself once the door was closed and she was staring out into the bright sunshine .
tr	O	The mighty swing hits much harder than anticipated , and Rift finds himself flailing through the air , toppling completely off the arching bridge .
tr	O	It was three in the morning and Alonzo had been awake since two .
tr	O	I can 't wait to get you home so that you will know that our family is fine and everything will be alright .
tr	O	I heard her say it , but my gaze was locked on the gates , the taillights disappearing beyond them .
tr	O	Our free time wrapped up , and everyone was sent off to their dorms .
tr	I	There are a couple of armchairs facing a TV and a quilt is draped over the back of a couch .
tr	O	He didn 't know what time it was in Denmark but his dad always answered his texts .
tr	I	The Mass got underway shortly thereafter and Philip found them several minutes later .
tr	I	You make the rules and the way I see it , you are the king .
tr	I	We know better than to celebrate that , but as far as we know , we 've been undetectable to the naked eye .
tr	I	She appeared to glow and Color came back in Katherine 's face .
tr	I	I can 't say that I blame you and you may never trust me again .
tr	I	Of course , at that moment , I had none of it , but Hindsight can be comforting .
tr	I	He reached in his pocket , all while never moving his lips away from mine , and his hand quickly left my back .
tr	I	I start to feel like how Sebastian felt just before he left for home and I spend the rest of the day in a haze .
tr	O	His face looked peaceful and he was the same way they had found him .
tr	I	England knew it and he wasn 't .
tr	O	You will be expected to make for one of our houses and we would have further arrangements to provide for you from there .
tr	O	He gives Caleb a push , just enough to get him off the car floor , and my brother disappears .
tr	O	Accept God into your life again and you will be cleansed .
tr	I	I hesitate to disturb him and he 's lost in thought .
tr	I	He wiped a hand across his brow inhaling deeply , feeling the drain the Elements took on his body , and Sweat dripped down into his eyes .
tr	O	The kisses became longer and Eadie pushed more toward me .
tr	I	Ruth was helping me and I was practicing witchcraft .
tr	I	This would only make a bad situation worse , but which was what I 'd wanted , too .
tr	I	She could tell by Kevin 's expression that she looked it too , and she felt tired .
tr	I	Lauren appeared happy with his surprise so far this weekend , and the hotel matched everything he 'd seen on the Internet .
tr	I	She saw the way his jaw tightened , but he faced the road .
tr	I	Gabby gingerly took a seat , wincing as she felt the muscles in her legs plead in agony , and Terri left them alone .
tr	O	His gaze dropped to her mouth , and he saw that her lips were red .
tr	O	There was piped in music of the schmaltzy Christmas type , and a fair amount of people were skating .
tr	O	He grabbed her arm but she jerked it away .
tr	O	Ellie began to cry in sympathy , and John picked her up to comfort her .
tr	I	I kept going , but the accusation just came out of my mouth .
tr	O	There was obviously some second conversation going on that she was missing , but neither of the men was about to let her in on it .
tr	O	Evan flipped on the light , and I slid onto the bed .
tr	I	Their eyes begin to sting and soon there is more smoke .
tr	O	It was apparently a new day and the sun was shining outside .
tr	O	The inspector saw her expression and he held his head low .
tr	I	He was too far gone to take it easy , but he pumped his pelvis a few times .
tr	I	He 's acting like he can 't stand the man and he 's never met Uncle Harry before .
tr	I	The bloody knife tumbles into the snow and Viktor clutches his hands over the wound .
tr	I	In my professional life , I had no time for extracurriculars , but I had signed up for the self-defense class .
tr	I	Then I was gone , and accepting the fate that had finally caught up with me , I inhaled my final breath .
tr	I	He was long gone but she licked her lips , pretending she could still taste Johnnie .
tr	O	The armory was now in reach , and I quickly made my way inside .
tr	I	It was interrupted by the site of men racing toward him , but he tried to give her an encouraging smile .
tr	I	I can hear it in the silence of the room and she swallows .
tr	I	It 's that Warner thinks we 're all dead , and there 's a silver lining in all of this .
tr	O	Alec sensed a shiver of wariness move across her mind , but he couldn 't read the details .
tr	O	The images she 'd begun to entertain of him called her a liar , but she knew nothing would come of their relationship .
tr	I	I felt that I was stumbling toward it , and I was trying to come up with the right answer .
tr	I	I can 't help the laugh that escapes me and he unlocks a tan Malibu .
tr	I	Nothing came -- but I felt like a complete automaton , waiting for an electronic impulse to react .
tr	I	She was stunned by the finality in his voice , but it was the answer she had expected .
tr	O	He put his hand out toward the door and it glowed softly .
tr	I	Her fingers curled with determination , and her face filled with urgency .
tr	I	The bars are so high that I can barely stand tall enough to see through them , and this door is heavy oak .
tr	O	Lincoln was dead by someone else 's hand , and the country was recovering from a brutal war .
tr	O	Devon glanced through the glass at her best friend , and a sob escaped her throat when she saw her .
tr	O	The older men had arrived shortly after , and she warned them of the new weapon .
tr	O	I 'm the one who came to rescue you from Zinger , and I 'm the one who told Captain Tompkins to change course .
tr	I	He had never seen one with his own eyes , but he had heard of such things from his father .
tr	I	I responded , but I knew I would regret it later .
tr	O	She had been picturing big brother as a girl , and he certainly didn 't look like a scaly snake .
tr	O	She looked beautiful as a young woman , but mother hood made her simply shine .
tr	I	A summer full of adventure was awaiting , and I breathed easier knowing that all the hard work was behind me .
tr	I	It doesn 't last too long and that 's why they give money to new grad students .
tr	O	It seems Dr. McBride and I will get on just fine .
tr	I	He 'd seen thousands of years of human barbarism , but the difference in how the scene would appear was subtle .
tr	O	After explanations were given to King Nathaniel , he seemed somewhat reassured , and thanked Reece for her willingness to help put this plan into action .
tr	O	She thought he would drop her when he lifted her up , but he didn 't .
tr	O	We had made small talk , up until now , but it was time to get down to business .
tr	I	She realized it was an opening in the rock , well hidden from view , and Rio pulled her toward the light .
tr	O	His mother 's going , but she can 't be with him 24-7 .
tr	O	The realization startled her , and she found herself grasping for something to say , some lighthearted rejoinder that would take her safely back to shallower waters .
tr	O	Her name was Jessica , and I was already smitten with her .
tr	O	I lost a lot of blood , but there wasn 't much damage done .
tr	O	Extra wood was put on the fire until the flames soared skyward and the entire area glowed orange .
tr	I	I couldn 't resist tugging it into my mouth , and that little silver ring begged to be sucked on .
tr	I	This brought our little party to a halt and a loud crashing noise sounded somewhere .
tr	O	Her voice wasn 't its usual vibrant self , and I was immediately worried that something had happened .
tr	I	I have to concentrate on not throwing up , and my world is still spinning .
tr	O	They quickly caught fire , and the flames leapt into the dark sky .
tr	O	That 's my excuse and I 'm sticking with it .
tr	I	He was also full of admiration because of her strength but he felt disgusted by the behavior of the lady .
tr	I	She bit into her trembling bottom lip and her gaze clouded .
tr	O	If he saw her weakening , he would push and she didn 't trust herself to hold strong .
tr	I	I feel the tightening of my muscles as Rusty pushes two fingers inside me and the blood is rushing to my head , making it swim lightly .
tr	I	A small boy ran into the dome and a pair of swinging double doors nearby flew open .
tr	O	Donovan shrieked and his grip on Sulley was lost .
tr	O	I try to reach Flynn , but I find my way blocked by a dark haired woman .
tr	I	I grab the black tee , tossing it to him , and he gestures toward the chair .
tr	O	The wind had picked up and rain pelted at his rain slicker .
tr	O	Panic rose in Amira , and she burst into tears .
tr	I	We had gotten into the Bugatti in record time , and Everything had gone according to plan .
tr	I	Her head said yes , but no , her heart said .
tr	I	There was also a spark of anger in her gaze , but Hurt radiated from her as she continued to stare at Marcy .
tr	I	He didn 't bother to push it back , but his hair hung in his face .
tr	O	Andy was sure he could resist interrogation , but he wasn 't so sure about Tim .
tr	O	Doctors were with them , but they could not keep up with the demand .
tr	I	To do , but for all those changes , all that upheaval , what else was there ?
tr	I	Hey , it was not , but I hoped that ours would be different .
tr	O	We met up with Alex outside my room and she opened the portal so I didn 't have to use my magic .
tr	O	You had evidence that demon pox existed and you didn 't mention it to me !
tr	O	He was pulled out of the chair onto his feet , and his hands were tied behind him .
tr	O	I raised my eyebrow at him , and he lifted his hands in defense .
tr	I	It was dated just a week back and it was another page of the diary .
tr	O	Liam winked at me and I grinned back at him , grateful that he was changing the subject .
tr	I	His fork paused midair , and Dex spotted him .
tr	O	Add Blake to the list , and he might never heal .
tr	I	Her breath was difficult but her heart beat hard in her chest .
tr	O	There was some rustling on the other end of the line , and Romain 's voice turned sarcastic .
tr	I	This was the most desperate yet , but she 'd made one mistake after another .
tr	O	He knew it was his turn , and I could sense his relief when another question came to him .
tr	O	His arms were locked firmly around his legs and his head was slung down between his knees .
tr	O	The wind picks up and I stop .
tr	I	Ken kept his suggestions simple and Bradford was an eager listener .
tr	O	He kept his hand over my mouth though and I knew I should most definitely be concerned .
tr	O	Usually she was smiling , but now the smile on her face wasn 't real .
tr	O	Cold air blasted across my face from the air conditioner , and I welcomed it as Christopher widened the door to let me in .
tr	O	Her gaze locked on him , and she couldn 't have looked away for anything .
tr	O	I wandered around to the front of the desk and that is when something hideous caught my eye .
tr	I	It seems that it was not the right time but she thought of bringing the matter .
tr	O	The thick slat venetian blinds were raised and polyester eyelet curtains dappled the Chenille bedspread with the day 's last sunlight .
tr	I	None of the royal guards could find us in this vast garden , and Chamberlain , though an apt swordsman , does not have his sword .
tr	I	I came out to an open field from which I could view the Chteau in all its majesty , and I walked through the gardens .
tr	I	He quit talking about discrimination suits , and this made Mr. Grimes very happy .
tr	I	It wasn 't him , but thinking it was Marcus , I was going to cut the damn phone off .
tr	O	Once at the access point , he called to the Guardsmen on duty , but nothing returned .
tr	I	Then , she was called by Alonso , and Lea continued with her work in the gym .
tr	O	Individual particles were too small to be seen with the naked eye , but when they moved in groups they formed a visible air current .
tr	O	My mother 's eyes turn icy and she glares at me .
tr	O	You kept telling me you weren 't ready , but I heard only what I wanted to hear .
tr	O	You are born with it and you have to develop it .
tr	O	His foot kicks my back , and pain explodes through my spine .
tr	I	He still didn 't know it , and the lawman was .
tr	O	Edward could magick him across the sands , but the kid would only ride back .
tr	O	I hear him grunt and there 's a scraping sound , like metal rubbing against metal .
tr	I	She started typing another message and Leah 's phone buzzed again .
tr	O	Liz 's eyes fell on Logan and her hand caught Simon 's attention .
tr	I	It was his high taxes against which they rebelled and these rebels were from the King 's own lands .
tr	O	I had no idea , but it made sense .
tr	I	A constant , invariable hiss comes from the speakers , and the static on the screen fills the room with a sickly blue light .
tr	I	Sam mentioned her a lot , but Alex had never met her .
tr	I	We wouldn 't have had to spend so much time apart , and I don 't know why I hadn 't thought of it sooner .
tr	O	Cabrillo appeared annoyed with the two being unable to understand each other and he thrust the native aside , stepping forward to take over negotiations .
tr	O	I didn 't want to disturb her , but it didn 't look right .
tr	O	She had her new job , and she was fixing up her apartment .
tr	O	I sat down , and he took the chair beside mine , my hand clasped in his .
tr	O	Cheering arose and the curtains opened .
tr	O	The last city I 'd visited had been Dallas , and it was easy to see that Jackson was nowhere close to that size .
tr	O	She threw up her hands in exasperation and he caught her chin in his hand .
tr	O	He swung it down through the air once , experimentally , and it was all he could do to keep a hold .
tr	I	Quinn brought it to me , but Marietta might have made it .
tr	O	I do not know why , but I 'm drawn to her .
tr	O	Ha , tell that to the people back at home and they 'd die laughing .
tr	O	Her lips stilled and she looked at me .
tr	O	It 's a small start , but it 's a good idea !
tr	O	We could solve that problem when we came to it , and we hadn 't even reached the movie theater yet .
tr	I	He dodged me , but as he stood , I made a weak grab for The Hunt for Red October .
tr	O	Her lips parted to let out a little moan , and I swooped in , entwining my tongue with hers .
tr	O	James managed to push me aside a fraction of a second before Lux tackled him , and the pair of them hit the ground hard .
tr	O	It was something of a spectacle , but she was convinced she had him where she wanted him .
tr	I	This is Debbi Andrews and I 'm Brianna Morrison .
tr	O	He wanted to devour her , possess her , and he did .
tr	O	Maya 's gaze didn 't waver and soon John was forced to look away .
tr	O	He winked at her , and she realized he was telling her to let it go .
tr	O	Some tried to gain their feet , but they had no place to run .
tr	I	He clung to me the way I clung to Benjy in my worst moments , and his shoulders shook .
tr	I	She stalked toward a giant , muscled man with yellow scales instead of skin and it was night .
tr	O	There was a crimson smear on his forehead , and beads of scarlet dotted his skin .
tr	O	I doubt I 'll ever cure this wanderlust , and I 'm content with dedicating my life to failing to sate it .
tr	I	She clutched her chest , and misery twisted her face .
tr	O	She was begging for forgiveness , but she didn 't need to .
tr	O	It was a lovely summer 's evening and she wanted to look nice .
tr	I	Really , I just miss you , Ivy , but I know you think I 'm mad that you left .
tr	I	She had to catch herself from falling over and the cold air rushed her body from the loss of his warmth .
tr	O	Dig a little deeper though , and you realize kids view a BB gun as a stepping stone .
tr	O	This time I waited until the wife was out , and I had a bit of peace .
tr	O	I quickly turned around , but nothing unusual was there .
tr	O	He was the complete opposite of what Hugh had been , and yet they were still the perfect fit .
tr	O	I patted the end of the couch where I was lying and he came around to sit down .
tr	I	A nurse calls in each day and his housekeeper , Mrs Bruce , has been with him for years .
tr	O	Jess wanted Johnnie to kiss her again , but part of her didn 't want him to .
tr	I	It could wait until Monday , but he 'd hit another dead end today , obviously he had some more investigating to do .
tr	I	There was nothing there , and I looked at it .
tr	I	She didn 't have to look at his eyes to know who it was , and a thrill went up Madrigal 's arm from the warming touch .
tr	O	You might recognise him if you saw him again , but he would be hard to describe with any conviction .
tr	I	Before I could respond , he went on , but the words hit me like a slap .
tr	O	The whole cohort stopped suddenly , and watchful eyes began to wander all over the place .
tr	O	He saw a few Indians , but by taking great care , they didn 't see him .
tr	I	It was in fact a deluxe wagon if I had ever seen one , but I laughed internally .
tr	I	The pale green glitter of his eyes dominated his face , drawing her attention , but she tried to concentrate on his nose .
tr	O	My heart hammers , and my mouth is dry so my voice squeaks out .
tr	I	Simon excused himself before his mother started off on another one of her promotional speeches and Mark rolled his eyes .
tr	O	David was chewing his steak and I had no urge to educate these two guys for free .
tr	O	I wished I could look around the room once again , but I couldn 't tear my eyes away from Kiran 's .
tr	O	That seemed ironic , in a macabre way , but Anita had made Cheyenne promise not to have her cremated .
tr	O	Tom saw the hand glow red , and then he felt like his whole body was on fire .
tr	I	We 're supposed to be on our honeymoon , but it 's not as if I blame him for working .
tr	O	I want to say , help me forget about Logan , but I 'm not sure I could ever push those words through my vocal chords .
tr	I	I don 't mind it at all and it occurs to me in a rush .
tr	I	He was intimately familiar with the stories that were whispered about the old Bradford mansion , and Joe had grown up in the area .
tr	I	That 's why we keep to our agreement , but my mother thinks I 'll do something foolish like fall for you .
tr	I	It seemed to take forever , but it was a short walk across the width of the family wing past the library .
tr	I	Cutting out the world and all your mood swings .
tr	I	You couldn 't trust those , but her profile picture was cute .
tr	O	What we have secured currently is great , but it won 't buy what we need .
tr	O	Jessi didn 't go far , only halfway , and she never took her eyes off the inferno .
tr	O	She laughed , and I shuddered .
tr	I	Already she was feeling empty as though there were no more tears , but Alice wanted to cry .
tr	I	It really works and that 's what he does to raise funds for his charities .
tr	O	When Ewan returned the blade to her skin , she went rigid against Alaric and a whimper escaped her lips .
tr	O	Chapter 3 It was after ten now , and Northern Aggression was kicking into high gear .
tr	O	She pushed her bead out again and this time hit the horse square in the chest .
tr	O	He squinted hard at her , and his entire face scrunched up .
tr	O	The warrior put off a lot of heat and it had been toasty warm in the bed .
tr	O	You are worth holding onto forever , and I won 't throw this away .
tr	O	Their flight to St. Bart 's left in the morning and they would be gone for a full two week honeymoon .
tr	I	Her fingers start fumbling with my belt buckle and she 's panting into my mouth .
tr	O	People cried out behind me and I heard the guys cursing .
tr	O	Planning for my eventual banishment was the best thing I could have ever done , but it meant that I always knew he would eventually do so .
tr	I	They had good reason to believe so , and at least that seemed to be the opinion of most people .
tr	I	I hadn 't known about her , and she didn 't know I was up for a spot on the Nexus .
tr	I	Ted couldn 't help feeling sympathetic to her situation , but she was more than partly responsible for this mess .
tr	O	The door opens and Kyla springs into action , aiming to kill .
tr	O	I laugh and it feels odd , laughing out loud at my own thoughts .
tr	O	She apologized to Jane for the lack of an extra bed , but it didn 't seem to bother Jane at all .
tr	O	There have been differences between their moralities , but these have never amounted to anything like a total difference .
tr	I	I stood there for a moment before going in and he tapped on a door .
tr	I	The sound bounced away to unknown depths , leaving my feathers a bristled ridge along my back and I whistled into the darkness .
tr	O	Promising he 'd stop and then nearly killing me .
tr	O	His eyes were red and he had greying patches of stubble on his chin .
tr	I	My heart leaped into my throat , and a groan cut through the silence .
tr	O	He was chained to the wall , and the compartment door was barred from the outside .
tr	O	The pains in her womb grew every day , but that was the only way for her to even try to mark the passage of time .
tr	I	She was full of glib comments that gave no clue to her character , but her name I didn 't catch .
tr	O	He leaned forward , and they began to chat .
tr	I	His brow knitted and his eyes softened .
tr	I	I never thought I would see them again , but I knew they lived .
tr	I	They were all many days old , but the smells of people were here , of course .
tr	I	I don 't deserve a call , and he 's not a texter .
tr	I	It would be over in moments and Hell , if he climbed into that spa beside her , he 'd touch her .
tr	I	He dragged her closer so that he could give her more of everything she so desperately craved and her teeth nipped at his lower lip .
tr	I	I want to try , but I don 't know how much sleep I 'll get tonight .
tr	O	We breed less often , but we create a new generation at a time .
tr	O	shouted one of the onlookers , and a resounding cheer echoed him .
tr	O	She was , but she didn 't have to say the words .
tr	I	He in turn also entered the wheelhouse , and Darren ran along the boat , shipping the fenders .
tr	O	It took him a while to locate Lauren , but finally he spotted her towards the back corner .
tr	I	I could tell it was time for a change , but I couldn 't read my own signals .
tr	O	She considered for a moment , and then , with a casual shrug , tossed him one of the weapons .
tr	O	It 's been a few days since the accident and the Chevelle is parked out in his garage in ruins .
tr	O	I would tell you his name , but she never mentioned it .
tr	I	Thomas kept me at my lessons but our party was packing this afternoon .
tr	O	Adrenaline flooded her body and she wanted to weep with joy .
tr	I	He didn 't know how else to approach what was fast becoming an unmanageable situation , but shit , this wasn 't going well .
tr	O	I didn 't need any sage advice on honesty and I definitely didn 't need any from Dostoyevsky .
tr	I	She was right , and she was looking at me like she had found out my little secret .
tr	I	All he finds is an endless black , but landing safely upon a small platform of earth , he waits for his eyes to adjust .
tr	I	The rest retired to the living room and some stayed at the table .
tr	O	It would have been easy enough to manipulate her and she likely wouldn 't have even remembered it the next day .
tr	O	They could be perplexing creatures , but life was incomplete without them .
tr	I	I jumped back out of reach , and she raised both fists .
tr	I	It doesn 't quite fit anymore and I feel uncomfortable , like I have shifted in my skin .
tr	O	I climb onto the conveyor belt and Adam tries to lift his head .
tr	I	I found myself answering him , and he kept whispering to me .
tr	O	He was hungry for a big , meaty story , but there seemed to be nothing on the horizon .
tr	I	He might rob a store , and make a man hungry enough .
tr	O	He was thinking it might be wise to hold off trying the water jump but A.J. 's face held a wealth of determination .
tr	O	I knew it , and Lucius knew it .
tr	I	Her fingers knocked into a pile of notes , and she turned to stand .
tr	O	Raegan 's bottom lip was pushed out a bit , and Hank was frowning so severely that a deep line had formed between his brows .
tr	O	It looked wonderful and she smiled , taking in the surprising scene .
tr	I	I-I am far too smart to ever give away my heart again , but if I were anyone else feeling this , I would name it love .
tr	I	She was entirely female but Flora was not a woman .
tr	O	It is done and I am safe .
tr	O	I don 't know what 's happening , but about now nothing would surprise me anymore .
tr	I	I feel bad for him and somewhere that man is crying like his heart is broken .
tr	O	The moment did end , though , and soon his pace slowed down .
tr	I	Here we are , ready to prove ourselves right , and we shared kisses that afternoon that testified that we would make it someday .
tr	O	He was panting for breath , but his wide eyes were fixed on his friend .
tr	I	Brooke hit the number again , and John 's phone went to voicemail .
tr	O	I looked at Hemp , and he followed my eyes back to the pile of zombies stacked in the elevator opening .
tr	I	Craig looked up from the sports magazine he was reading , and she hurried into the marina office .
tr	I	Zoe handed me back the ring and they all sat down .
tr	I	She felt like she was going to be sick and her stomach tightened .
tr	I	It looked like all of Jersey was burning , just like parts of New York , but they didn 't say .
tr	O	Grace wasn 't quite sure what , but she suddenly felt sick , as a chill ran down her spine .
tr	O	Callum ordered Jack to put the ship in orbit around Charon and he did so , almost effortlessly .
tr	O	Savannah had almost fainted from the shock , but Quentin had hinted that this wasn 't the first time .
tr	O	The mission was essentially at the end and I felt like a fifth wheel .
tr	O	I was trying to see it as an opportunity but it was hard .
tr	I	That type of gesture had to kill his soul , and Noah 's a proud guy .
tr	I	This time they were ready for it , but I tried the pulse again .
tr	I	At this point , I 'm not sure I have one , but I can tell he wants to appeal to my better nature .
tr	O	She 's staring at me like she was waiting for some kind of an answer but all I could give her were blank stares .
tr	O	There was a sense of cold , looming danger , but it wasn 't the same .
tr	O	When I was seventeen everything changed , and I kept it all to myself .
tr	I	Selma was used in every generation for centuries and lucky for him , Giles traced several names down .
tr	I	Every time I caught a glimpse of him I started to panic , and I needed to be focused .
tr	I	As long as she did not suffer from hay fever , it was the ideal spot and the shading trees would stop her from burning .
tr	O	He was always polite , but she couldn 't stand the way he kept looking like a spaniel that had been kicked .
tr	I	He gave me a little salute and as I watched , our eyes met .
tr	O	I left you but I won 't do it again .
tr	I	Cassidy looked away , and I raised an eyebrow at this .
tr	I	A vase shattered to Austin 's right , and the gun went off .
tr	O	These days the advanced electronics didn 't require any visible means of amplification , but even without it , no one would have missed a thing .
tr	I	He still glanced up at me occasionally like the animal he was , but his body was feasting more hungrily than Foot 's was .
tr	I	All she saw was the tapestry that concealed the tomb , but Celaena looked to her right .
tr	I	The tremble in his hands stilled , and there had been no hesitation in Mose 's voice .
tr	O	He conjures a portal and we walk through it .
tr	O	I fastened my gaze on Gideon 's , trying to put all my love into my eyes , and then he had disappeared .
tr	I	I felt my insides melt at his words and Bryce leaned down to kiss me .
tr	O	He did not tell us much about the journey we would take , and we had not realised that we would be camping out .
tr	I	She snuggled deeper into his embrace , her eyes closing and his breath blew warm over her cheek .
tr	I	It has to stay that way and we 've managed to keep this , this situation out of the public for years .
tr	I	I didn 't mean for him to leave me behind , so I quickened my pace , but I had no idea where he was going .
tr	I	My dad works for your dad , and my clothes didn 't cost me a house payment .
tr	O	Business was booming , and we were too ignorant to see that we were supplying the means of our own downfall .
tr	O	I see the confusion on her face , but it 's not yet accompanied by fear .
tr	I	His friend owned a casino and sure it was a condominium .
tr	I	I think he was glad to be here , but in the end , I 'm afraid we only shocked him .
tr	I	She could get to it in a split second if he made any sudden moves , but her gun was still in its holster at her waist .
tr	I	Julie did , but she had no official place in Declan 's life .
tr	I	When I see it , I see you , and I 've looked at it so many times .
tr	I	My knees popped and I stood up .
tr	O	We 're neighbors , and I feed you every single day .
tr	I	She didn 't care because , bottom line , she 'd just seen a ghost but she asked on a whisper , sounding childish !
tr	O	It won 't be a big deal , and if it is , maybe we just won 't work together .
tr	O	Before long food was served , and conversation began between the twenty-five guests .
tr	I	God only knew which ones , but true , he bore some of Nellie 's genes .
tr	O	He sat down and she sat in the chair opposite him .
tr	I	There would be a feeding frenzy , and maybe he would tip the canoe .
tr	O	He was okay at Ricky 's , but he couldn 't stay there forever .
tr	O	Together we will ride this storm out , and together we will survive .
tr	O	I sat at the bedside of my dear friend holding his hand , and I continued to hold it for quite some time after he 'd died .
tr	O	The tendons in John 's arm tightened , but his grip didn 't .
tr	O	Hadley had lived with her for two-and-a-half years , and Hadley knew her like no one else .
tr	O	Within moments he was snoring and I did my best to stay awake .
tr	I	It will teach Sean for going anywhere near her , and it will teach her for not listening to me .
tr	O	The boy is enjoying telling the story , but to remind him he is a just a boy would deflate him .
tr	I	He knew how to fool a lot of people , but he wasn 't a good guy .
tr	O	They needed more time to set the explosion , and I needed some sort of miracle to get Rob free .
tr	I	Those facts had to narrow down the pool of suspects , but sure , she ticked people off with her hard-nosed tactics .
tr	I	Leslie 's problems could distract me from my own and sighing , I turned to my laptop , hoping Everton .
tr	I	The day was depressing enough without thinking of him , and it had been months since I 'd seen Robin .
tr	O	It made her a hell of a teacher and the best friend anyone could ask for .
tr	O	She might be too drained to produce much of her own , but it would be obvious to her how much I was using .
tr	I	All my books , and nothing traveled with me from home to home , except my lute .
tr	I	Had grudgingly agreed to support their only son , but his own parents weren 't too happy either .
tr	O	Abby handed her mother a sack and Cyril did the same for his father .
tr	I	He threw the ball and I ran as fast as I could .
tr	I	Then I saw something on his face I 'd never seen before , and Cole 's eyes became tight .
tr	O	His hands roamed over her chest , sparking trails of excitement , and she could feel his arousal thickening against her .
tr	I	He did the same with his own , and I held my thoughts back from David .
tr	I	The absence of people caught Lou 's attention , and most days , any number of people traveled this route .
tr	O	She asks and I nod .
tr	O	Our construction company had grown and we were busy building bigger structures .
tr	I	His deep voice rang hollow , and his face was set .
tr	O	Backlit as he was , she couldn 't see his features , but his eyes glittered with an unmistakable hunger .
tr	O	Simon offered her the chair and she sat by the bed .
tr	I	I promised Nora I 'd hang out with her Saturday night , but well , it sounds interesting .
tr	I	She screamed and Anne 's face turned bright red .
tr	I	Instinct overruled those whenever she thought of him , but she had a thousand good reasons why seeing him would be a mistake .
tr	O	The week off was already doing her some good , but Devon knew the battle was far from over .
tr	I	His smile grew even more serene , and David sipped his coffee .
tr	I	That was not his concern , but a crack echoed in the room .
tr	I	Nate stopped me , but I went to jump in the front seat of the first Suburban I ran into .
tr	I	Really he just wanted to learn more about her investigation , but Fleet probably thought he wanted to get into her pants .
tr	O	He barked an order and they obeyed unquestioningly .
tr	I	Then she hardened , but she seemed saddened by the sight , almost compassionate .
tr	O	Her name is Jen and we look nothing alike .
tr	I	When we ran the numbers , we discovered she was right , and she realized there might be a problem with Avery 's formula .
tr	O	In 50 years I 'd be 78 and I 'd appear just as I look now , living a life surrounded my immortal creatures .
tr	I	He cautioned himself not to be too sure of that , but he hoped the translation achieved some degree of accuracy .
tr	O	You don 't like me and I don 't like you .
tr	I	He knew the answer , but he asked .
tr	O	She said a few other things but she rolled too far away for me to hear what they were .
tr	I	I jumped at the noise and the timer started going off .
tr	I	The states were incorporated as part of the British Empire and the British prevailed .
tr	O	She 'd like to pound the over-sized , macho men , but she didn 't need protection from them .
tr	O	Noah kept trying to eat the candy , but I made him wait .
tr	O	Claire 's had to be protected or they might as well flee now .
tr	I	I was floored at its seeming authenticity , and it arrived in Florida a week later .
tr	O	It was well after eleven at this point , and the excitement of everything had kept me going .
tr	I	She was glad of it , and there were no cats near .
tr	O	Duke 's perfect eyebrows lower , and I 'm distracted by the notion that he must pluck them .
tr	I	Chris took the map for the Jets , and Pigeon collected the map for the Subs .
tr	I	His jeans hang at his hips and he 's wearing a hooded black thermal shirt that shows off his lean arms .
tr	I	I lost him , and I gave him an ultimatum .
tr	I	He 'd seen how she 'd looked at him and especially now that his king had succumbed to Tareq 's insistence on attending the ceremony .
tr	I	He had suffered much worse injuries with his work in The Coalition ... but his injuries hurt .
tr	O	Maybe they did not want to be contacted he thought , or far worse maybe they were up to no good .
tr	O	You got some quiet little beauty spot miles from anywhere , and there was always some graffiti artist ready to spoil it .
tr	O	All that was left to do now was the magnets for the lid , but that could wait till tomorrow morning .
tr	I	I followed , and he walked toward the edge of the woods .
tr	I	Jaxon found she could lie beside him without fear , and its fragrance was soothing .
tr	I	I wanted this man , but I wasn 't promiscuous .
tr	O	When I was taking drink orders , they all hushed up , and when I was walking away , they 'd start their conversation back up .
tr	I	My hands could not stop shaking from the violent current in my bloodstream and my nerves were completely fried .
tr	I	People would understand it and it would be pretty .
tr	O	The brown flesh was innocent ... even sweet , but it had a sexual vibe that was hard to deny .
tr	O	You two are thirteen already and I 'm still only twelve .
tr	O	Her mind desperately searched for a way out of this , but the power of the priestess over these males was absolute .
tr	O	I never encountered a Reboot until I became one myself , but I might have run away , too .
tr	I	Pul ing him closer and Nick crawled onto the bed , wrapping Kelly 's hips in his arms .
tr	O	The police didn 't know that , but he knew .
tr	I	His eyes met mine , and he laid his head against my stomach .
tr	I	I saw something in the garage sparkle and a streak of lightning lit the sky .
tr	I	She 'd worried about each one of them for days afterward , and she 'd had too many cancellations to count .
tr	I	I can choose to let it lie there or I can lob it back .
tr	I	It hits them like the slab metal of a sledge hammer and they realize the truth behind the propaganda .
tr	O	A few months earlier , I would have been shocked by his tardiness , but I was growing used to it .
tr	O	I have been working with the AI for well over two years now and I have barely even scratched the surface of that little black box .
tr	O	What we were doing was going too fast , and he was free to sleep around .
tr	I	I eagerly welcomed it , and his tongue demanded entry .
tr	I	A matching men 's pair of them came into view and I was still staring at them as the door opened .
tr	O	Something was obviously up with him , but there was no way he 'd get away with speaking to me like that .
tr	O	She was surprised that Terry hadn 't called first , but she was still glad to see him .
tr	O	We don 't need any more damn drama and I wanted to avoid it at all cost .
tr	I	I nodded and he asked .
tr	O	I can see how nervous he is , but he keeps moving .
tr	O	I could feel her pain building in my head and I told her it would be over soon .
tr	I	He best just stay out of it and he feels that he 's just beginning to be friends with Ron .
tr	O	The larger ship did not back down , however , and what had been a small diplomatic incident between two nation-states of information quickly moved toward war .
tr	I	You can meet lots of people and the university has a great atmosphere .
tr	O	He had needed them ever since The Drifter sank , but it seemed as though all he ever got were more questions .
tr	O	One of Dad 's expressions came back to me time and time again that night .
tr	O	Life is tough and food is scarce .
tr	O	That seemed to send her over the edge and her body began to shake as she came .
tr	I	I have no more voice , but the women listen to her .
tr	O	Ben nods his head at the back door all firm like and there ain 't no arguing with him this time .
tr	O	A well-dressed officer in plain clothes was addressing us but we hardly heard his voice .
tr	O	The tide of the battle was turning , and they were overwhelming him through the sheer strength of their numbers .
tr	I	He lets out a groan , cupping my face between his hands as he steps forward , leading us somewhere , but my cheeks start to heat .
tr	I	He welcomed the pain , but his body ached with painful arousal .
tr	I	I 'd have put any number of credits on her fighting , but they might have challenged her .
tr	I	She could not place it , but she was startled she recognized the voice .
tr	O	He stabbed the knife into his desk and it stood there , leering at me .
tr	O	The key was in the ignition and I grinned , gunning the engine .
tr	I	Talon suggested they remain in the city until morning , and it was late in the day , nearly dark .
tr	I	She was positively ravenous , and the aroma alone nearly did her in .
tr	O	The elevator shook on its cable and the entire building seemed to quake .
tr	I	Someday she would find him , and she wanted to be with someone who thought that she was special .
tr	I	His age was beginning to show and the man was past sixty now .
tr	O	The phone on her desk rang , and she debated how to answer .
tr	I	His arms burned where the soldiers crushed his biceps and his heels scraped lightly on the floor .
tr	I	He 's watching him go and I look at my dad .
tr	I	All she wanted to do was get him out of it , and Everything just fit him as if it had been made for his body .
tr	I	She didn 't pull away this time , but an odd look passed over her face .
tr	I	That iron grip wasn 't letting go , and suddenly she had Rebecca 's hand again .
tr	I	He took his shirt off and we got under the covers .
tr	I	Most of them were for ammunition which was stored in a separate warehouse -- but it brought up eighteen hits .
tr	I	He seemed to be pondering something , and his jaw was set .
tr	O	There was an unpleasant heaviness where her stomach had once been , but everywhere else there was a strange , ethereal sense of weightlessness .
tr	O	Miles had fallen silent , and now stood leaning against the wall , studying Tavi with his lips pursed .
tr	O	He held out his hand and she put hers in it .
tr	I	The crispness had that wintry feel to it and it was definitely cold enough .
tr	O	Michael was shaking , but he stayed rational .
tr	O	He could have reached the bottom in seconds , but he hung back , keeping watch on Erin .
tr	I	It was true , all the same , but it didn 't seem possible , given that they 'd only known each other for three weeks .
tr	O	His tongue thrust into her mouth , and arousal flooded through him as he tasted her .
tr	O	At the very least they were friends , but friendship wouldn 't quite explain why she couldn 't seem to get him off her mind .
tr	O	Now there was tape over her mouth , and her eyes were crazed .
tr	I	You get used to it , but the system stinks .
tr	O	She was privileged to have such knowledge and she didn 't share it .
tr	I	It was a half second before Julia realized that he wanted to shake hands , and he held out his hand in front of him .
tr	I	I do not care , but the excruciating pain rips through every nerve cell .
tr	I	Your mom 's , and I wish he hadn 't ruined your dad 's life .
tr	I	There was no real love there and my siblings never really kept in touch .
tr	O	He was such a good guy and she was pure evil .
tr	I	He sighed in relief , and a wan light went on as he descended the stairs .
tr	O	The class was only a few feet away , but it felt like miles .
tr	I	They felt wonderful on her cheek , and those lips had always felt good .
tr	I	Listening did sound easier than obeying , and she wanted to honor them though .
tr	O	Sunset was in an hour and people are starting to leave .
tr	O	I scurried on to my first class , English , and it finally hit me that he was leaving .
tr	I	He thought about the world 's ending and his pace slowed .
tr	I	Now we 're facing each other from the opposite direction and I spin away .
tr	I	They 'd formed some sort of guys ' club , and she was breaking apart on the inside .
tr	O	This was the last weekend before school began , and I knew that I would be swamped once Monday came around .
tr	O	It 's slow , but we might pick her up .
tr	I	No ordinary owl should have been out hunting in the daytime , and that particular form of attack is highly unusual for the snowy owl .
tr	I	From the empty look in their eyes , they weren 't in control of their will , but the pack circled me more warily now .
tr	O	The mosquitos became frantic in their flight and the dragonflies flew swiftly about the traveller 's shelter , snatching the mosquitos out of the air .
tr	O	Kira leaned closer , and her voice dropped .
tr	O	The shrieks died off more quickly than I would have thought , and I did my best to keep moving in a straight line .
tr	I	I couldn 't blame him , and he was clearly with Elodie .
tr	O	He looked down to the forest , and the scene below grew dim .
tr	I	The command held no sway , but the king commanded her to release him .
tr	O	One of Sam 's favorite activities is to practice his kick boxing , and as his occasional sparring partner , I 've learned a few moves .
tr	I	Something dangerous sparkled in his eyes , something she had only seen in their darkest fights , and he snapped .
tr	O	He 's dressed in ratty clothes , but the perfection of his existence outshines the minor flaw .
tr	I	They became fearful of horrific older Gods and they started telling stories of dark forces moving against them .
tr	O	She breathed deeply as her heartbeat quickened and her legs trembled .
tr	O	I may like to run , but I hate climbing stairs .
tr	O	He was confused , and he was sorry .
tr	I	My airway clears , and I nod .
tr	I	There is little I haven 't seen except for these rooms made from powder you speak of , and I am a god .
tr	O	The lights flickered again , and this time went out .
tr	O	The sun was shining , and it was already comfortably warm outside even in the early morning .
tr	O	Genie worried and her eyes watered .
tr	I	I have no voice , but I want to scream .
tr	I	She was asking him for advice , not me , but I was supposed to be the man of the family .
tr	I	I looked up in spite of myself at the sound of my name , and Jacob 's deep voice caught a lull in the music .
tr	I	He had to pay for it and Death had already broken the rules .
tr	I	I realized that was due to the loud beating of my heart , but at first , the sounds were muffled .
tr	I	I 'm pretty sure she 's worthless in that department , but no offence to Brielle .
tr	I	His laughter erupted and a dozen hands shot up .
tr	I	Her muscles tensed and her smile faded .
tr	I	The others had no reason to question it ; and it appeared that Emily accepted this explanation .
tr	O	He resisted , and though she was strong enough to keep him moving toward her , she released him .
tr	I	He gave me a derisive look that made me shut up , but I attempted a joke to diffuse the tension in the air .
tr	I	I simply could not have that , and if I did not answer the phone immediately he would think I was late for the call .
tr	I	There 's nothing wrong with us spending time together now , and there was nothing disgusting about our relationship then !
tr	O	I didn 't want to be one of those women who follow a man 's every command , and yet I found myself doing as he bid .
tr	I	She had always remained aloof from him , even during their many quiet talks together , but Antonietta might flirt with him from a distance .
tr	I	She now understood why there were so many casualties and the country was built for defence , not attack .
tr	I	She 'd been raised in a British one , but his mother married into an American crime family .
tr	I	She was shrinking against the bed like a coward , but she tried to appear unaffected by his anger .
tr	O	Madness implies that things are abnormal , and if things are abnormal then you cannot predict what will happen no matter how hard you try .
tr	I	She held it together , but her toes curled in her boots .
tr	O	She could smell him and he smelled quite nice .
tr	O	Their son was a little stupid , but Cassandra could play with him too .
tr	I	There was no other way to do it , but I 'm sorry I left under false pretences .
tr	O	No sign of her was to be seen , but he was mad , psychotic .
tr	O	The airport had been snowed in for a couple of days and neither of them had clocked any flying time since Christmas .
tr	I	I did not recognize any of the voices , but I could hear radio transmissions from inside .
tr	O	Marionette 's tone has turned stern and I look at her in surprise .
tr	O	Her stomach flipped and she sighed .
tr	O	The battle was won but the war with the south country was sure to continue .
tr	I	I didn 't suggest we go inside , but I assumed it led to a bedroom .
tr	I	He had to try , but Dylan didn 't know .
tr	O	I looked at Nate to see how that news sat with him , but his game face was on , revealing nothing .
tr	I	He nodded in return , and I lifted my fingers in a kind of wave .
tr	I	This is Mel we 're talking about , but I don 't want to believe that my best friend killed someone .
tr	O	I glanced over my shoulder , but Vaughn was long gone .
tr	I	Angels don 't kiss and I 'm an angel .
tr	O	He opened the bottle with a series of quick movements , and Adrienne held both glasses as he poured .
tr	O	When you are inexperienced in these things , you never know what is what but I hoped it would lead to something great .
tr	I	What was on underneath ... the latter with his teeth , and he couldn 't wait to strip off her exquisite wedding gown .
tr	I	I know what she means , but he 's at the theater every day with me .
tr	O	He wouldn 't normally so much as think of deceiving her , but tonight was different .
tr	O	Before he left for work , Brad kissed me with extra fervor , and I took comfort in what he told me so effectively without words .
tr	I	I hear the guy next to me suppress a laugh , but he tilts his head like he 's trying to apologize .
tr	I	Despite the chill in the air , he experienced a rush of burning bristles against his skin , and the sun was brighter than usual .
tr	O	Today he 's dressed in robes of pale gold , and his smooth face is unadorned except for some shimmering powder lining his eyes .
tr	O	The other violinist looked hesitant , but the music master smiled .
tr	O	The trial was a circus , and I was thrilled to be so close to the center ring .
tr	I	She wasn 't in his suite and she wasn 't in the foyer .
tr	I	She has her own little idiosyncracies , but in many ways , she 's you .
tr	O	The room is dead silent for a moment , and then a snicker explodes behind me .
tr	O	I was failing my classes and she knew it .
tr	O	She was as beautiful as an African priestess , and she was grinning wickedly .
tr	O	His lips curled and he kept moving .
tr	I	Together , they attempted to box me in , and he was soon joined by a second car .
tr	I	Neil couldn 't stick around that long , but Nicky wanted Neil to wait for Andrew .
tr	I	We 'd be clearly visible from the air but there were rocks where we could cross over .
tr	O	The men were alone and the forest was still .
tr	I	This was not his real home , but there is no doubt he would have lived here , some times .
tr	I	The farmers have turned off many of their lights to save energy and nels loves to drive at this time of night because it is quiet .
tr	O	Claire kicked one away as she jumped in the passenger seat , and Michael locked the doors .
tr	I	I sit next to her and I ask her as Lorena .
tr	I	Raj held me in time , but I was about to fall .
tr	O	Chapter Seventeen He 'd agreed to go with Fin , but the look Myra sent him at the dinner table paralyzed him with guilt .
tr	I	Another guy headed in that direction to cut me off , but I looked at the door to that dark room .
tr	I	His glasses fall to the ground , and his head knocks against the side of the gate wall .
tr	I	Then he 'd always thrived on a challenge at work , but juggling his workload while winning Marianna over would be difficult .
tr	I	He was as good as dead , but he might have been sitting next to him on the dock .
tr	I	For a moment it seems that we 're totally in the clear , and Emerson steers the Chevy out of the school parking lot .
tr	O	He looked to his left and his heart went cold .
tr	I	It changed nothing , but she heard him .
tr	I	My mind was whirring , but CHAPTER 2 After an eight-hour shift , my body was bone tired .
tr	O	The rescue would have to be called off and there was no chance that they could find the children now .
tr	O	You 'll know it , but you won 't be able to prove it .
tr	O	The policemen told her she 'd done nothing wrong , but she shook with nerves all the same .
tr	O	I knew it was wrong , but I couldn 't help it .
tr	I	It 's already been disconnected , and we called that number back .
tr	O	His strength wasn 't initially obvious , and many thought he 'd be easy prey .
tr	O	The earth around us trembled , and several of the girls shrieked .
tr	I	Robert couldn 't blame her and Elizabeth was just as polite in return .
tr	I	Watching Chad on the big screen was tradition , but he would 've tailed her ass this evening .
tr	I	They stomped their spears in greeting , and Captain Westfall jerked his chin at the two guards standing on either side of the doors .
tr	I	Then for the merest instant it was like an erupting volcano , and there had been no hint of his abilities until he unleashed .
tr	O	She spent the better part of that afternoon finishing her homework , and she also did some more reading on the Shroud .
tr	O	I looked now and we were alone .
tr	O	The girl smiled , showing her own complete set of teeth , and her eyes glowed with a fierce blue light .
tr	I	I had never hoped for something so much but I wasn 't sure if she 'd get it .
tr	O	The white-haired ones who liked to tell tales had been alive the longest , certainly , but no one thought of them as old .
tr	I	We all get up and Lunch is finally over .
tr	O	He has no weapons and he 's behind cell bars .
tr	I	The other was east of northeast and one was north of northeast .
tr	I	He hadn 't realized until that moment he 'd even tensed them , and his shoulders relaxed .
tr	I	She could not reveal her hidden places , but she would have gone up to help .
tr	I	You shall rue your disobedience , or now you shall play .
tr	O	I can 't breathe because I am relieved and I just ran up four flights of stairs .
tr	O	He started laughing and the twins laughed with him .
tr	O	He looked around the field , but I was nowhere in sight .
tr	O	She was in his office , in his suite , and she 'd spent the day pouring over marketing plans for the hotel in D.C. .
tr	O	The unrest , the sense of urgency in her grew , but she felt as if she had a home for the first time in her life .
tr	O	Claire could no longer struggle as much as earlier and within minutes she was as limp as a rag doll .
tr	O	Demons had poisoned her sister , yes , but then , Laila hadn 't fought back .
tr	I	Tears wouldn 't come , but she wanted to weep .
tr	O	I came close to telling her about my Fairy Godmother , but I knew that she would turn those words against me .
tr	I	Vincent again caressed her cheek in an effort to soothe it , and a sudden sense of fear radiated from her .
tr	O	In the process she turned him back to face the house , but she could see no one spying on them .
tr	I	She was crying , and it was Ayako .
tr	O	His eyes drift back toward the ocean , and he folds his hands on the railing .
tr	O	It created a considerable amount of steam , but I could still clearly see the results .
tr	I	The food here is terrible and I don 't know .
tr	I	She flinched and he kicked her back .
tr	I	Jamie prayed that wasn 't the case , but of course , it could all be for show .
tr	O	There were a couple of teenagers when I was found , but there was never anyone my age until I was ten .
tr	I	When she does , Duke winks , and she glances back at me again .
tr	O	A few were on breathing machines , but if a person needed help to breathe , doctors at this hospital seldom encouraged relatives to keep them alive .
tr	O	They were living in the twenty-first century for God 's sake , and here he was participating in medieval rites .
tr	I	There 's no key under it but I lift it up .
tr	I	The thought is still bittersweet , but it is what I want .
tr	I	I wasn 't finished yet , but he looked miserable .
tr	I	The video store had offered her a job first but she 'd tried to get on at Annie 's .
tr	I	It doesn 't seem possible , but it could 've been .
tr	O	She still wanted not to believe it , but she had a terrible sinking feeling .
tr	O	She was surprised he understood and her posture stiffened in defense .
tr	O	The stars lit up the night sky and the moonlight hit the fields , making them almost shine .
tr	O	His entire face paled within a few seconds , and then he was off me , diving for my computer .
tr	O	His chocolate is still intact , and I hope it will stay like that for a few more minutes .
tr	O	I had a beer , drinking quickly , hardly tasting it , and then I felt ready to look at the people I was with .
tr	O	I flipped through the other cameras but everything looks completely normal .
tr	I	I didn 't need them , but none of them stayed long .
tr	I	She told me that Anthony was sleeping peacefully , and Chapter Fifteen I called my sister Mary Lou .
tr	I	Her arms bumped against her sides in violent pulses , and her legs suddenly jerked .
tr	I	I needed to prove I could do this job and a dash of favoritism got me through the door .
tr	O	With a face as serious as murder he lights it for her and she puts it into her mouth .
tr	O	It wasn 't Gran who called my name , and we both turned to see the addition to our small reunion .
tr	I	The sight of a man crashing to the ice made her wince , and her gaze strayed to the window again .
tr	O	He guided me towards the cliff , sat me down and he told me some things that astounded me .
tr	I	It would be impolite to eavesdrop , but Amira could hear them speaking in low tones .
tr	O	She 's crying into them and it completely shatters my heart .
tr	O	Misty might be dying for the water , but she 'd be foolish to drink it .
tr	I	I said no , and Jean asked .
tr	O	It was always the same , but there was nothing he could to do stop it .
tr	O	I sweep lightly , so I won 't make too much noise , or I 'll be in trouble . .
tr	O	Her long black hair hung straight down her back , and her sun-kissed olive skin glowed in the bright light of the restaurant .
tr	O	He was overweight and his complexion was far too pasty to pull it off , especially during an L.A. summer .
tr	I	He turned to his friend Polonius , and the prince watched the efficient warriors prepare to besiege the town .
tr	I	His eyes couldn 't betray the warmth that he felt for his friend , but his tone was harsh .
tr	O	He didn 't hide anything from her , but she 'd never really merged so deep with him that she saw beyond the darkness in him .
tr	O	A door slid open and they entered .
tr	O	He wanted to rush to Aria but he was too weak .
tr	O	It was almost a pleasant spring day , the first really nice day for a couple of weeks , and he was feeling surprisingly optimistic .
tr	I	I waited for a few minutes just in case , and I thought it possible Amber Jean would invent a second reason to come in .
tr	I	She had two voicemails on her permanent phone , but there was nothing on the burner phone .
tr	O	I had checked online , and it wasn 't booked by anybody .
tr	I	Eleven chimes from the clock in the hall and he could hear the creak of his chair .
tr	O	He remained silent , watching her , and she knew what he wanted .
tr	I	He respects the Ravens too much to drag us down , and our affection for him doesn 't forgive his new inadequacies on the court .
tr	I	The electricity was off , but Coffee would be nice .
tr	O	We 've been friends since grade school and our first meeting wasn 't a pleasant one .
tr	O	I couldn 't move very fast and I think the sun was literally killing me .
tr	I	He 's been to Frostburg exactly once , and my best pal from the Marine Corps lives in Pittsburgh , two hours away .
tr	I	That was precisely how she desired it to be , and she depended upon no one .
tr	I	He couldn 't stand the idea of becoming like that , and he seemed convinced that his own father had never wanted them .
tr	I	There was nobody around and she looked around nervously .
tr	I	They were far from readable , but dark eyes regarded him frankly .
tr	I	There 's always a thin sheen of it on your body even after you 've showered , and it gets in your nose , your eyes .
tr	I	My clothes didn 't stick to my skin , and I didn 't smell my own stench .
tr	O	Seraph blades burned so brightly that Will always expected them to give off heat , but their blades were ice cold to the touch .
tr	I	I am poor and I am not envious that she is rich .
tr	O	Smaller explosions trail in our wake , but they don 't touch the ship .
tr	I	I was in awe and it was magnificent .
tr	O	Those have to be faced and that is a different matter .
tr	O	She looked away and the buzz in my ears faded .
tr	O	Mates did that , instinctively , protecting their females from other male Shifters , but Cassidy knew Diego had not done it for any mate reason .
tr	O	Calliope tilted her head , and I held my breath .
tr	O	She flicked the earring like a coin , and it flipped up to Josh 's face .
tr	O	Donna was off , and Ethan entered his office .
tr	I	It seemed sensible to at least appear courteous , but after waiting three weeks for this meeting , I wasn 't about to leave .
tr	I	Frank did display the occasional hint of kindness beneath his normal slave driver mentality , but Mack hadn 't been wrong about his former partner .
tr	I	She had to be well for them and they were her main focus in life .
tr	I	She studied Ashton sitting in the armchair across the room and a sense of foreboding settled over her .
tr	O	She was almost nine and she was beautiful .
tr	I	He had unlocked the lace before I did but I tried to snatch it from him .
tr	I	All I could really do was shrug but we exchanged glances .
tr	O	He darted down the street , but the demons were already gone .
tr	O	The boy smiled , staring around , but Gray saw the hint of fear in his eyes , a wariness of strangers .
tr	I	I noticed the crinkled edge of a tiny white bag sticking out of his wallet , and his tablet rested next to his wallet .
tr	O	His own desire was clawing at him , but the satisfaction of watching her come gave him the strength to ignore it all .
tr	O	Her friend 's radiant smile faded and a worried look took its place .
tr	I	Maybe she could find Kim , but she couldn 't find freedom .
tr	O	It lay there , high on her hip , but he made no attempt to move farther .
tr	I	I moved through the doorway almost as if floating on air , and the bonds around my arms were loosed .
tr	O	I jerked my gaze up from my hands , which I 'd been wringing in my lap nervously , but my bed was empty .
tr	I	His teeth sank deep , and he murmured her name .
tr	O	One bullet grazed his leg and another gouged out a wickedly painful groove in his left side just below his ribs .
tr	O	Everyone is usually blank , but they had a status .
tr	I	You did anyway , but you didn 't have to help me .
tr	I	I laughed , and she yelled .
tr	O	The blisters were big , exposing huge areas of raw flesh , and he poured disinfectant on the open sores .
tr	O	They were talking low , circling someone on a lounge chair , and she feared she knew who that someone was .
tr	O	She was still buzzing about the dance and they 'd apparently been talking about it .
tr	O	The bags were put into Ken 's cart , and they went outside .
tr	O	The door was open , and light still spilled out despite the late hour .
tr	I	I knew she would want to go out looking for them tonight , and I could see Jenny 's eyes following them .
tr	O	I can send for my brothers , but they are hundreds of miles away .
tr	I	She couldn 't do it , but she felt the same way .
tr	I	She never felt anything like love from him , and no , she definitely hadn 't loved Edward .
tr	I	I remember what a mean , sadistic bully he was then , but he obviously didn 't recognize me .
tr	O	My father-in-law 's face was ashen and he stared back at me blankly .
tr	I	Her face quickly became thoughtful once more , but Mab joined in with his self-satisfied chuckles .
tr	O	You cannot conceive of such deception and I cannot conceive of such goodness .
tr	I	John 's body relaxed and the pain ceased .
tr	I	Theo shot me regretful glance and there was a chorus of assent from people around the room .
tr	O	Once she missed school for an entire week , and Riley 's overactive imagination concocted an array of off-beat fantasies explaining her absence .
tr	O	I expect surprise , unease , something , but he doesn 't seem shaken at all to see what he has created .
tr	O	I 'd gone braless today , and his hands felt warm where they stroked my bare skin .
tr	O	We spent the rest of breakfast eating , talking , and pretending things were normal .
tr	O	Somewhere out in space someone is playing this game , and some poor soul is forced to guess what the outcome of all this mixing will be .
tr	I	That 's never changed , and I fell in love with you when I was sixteen .
tr	I	We are also the most oppressed , but the policemen stand as the second most feared organization on this planet .
tr	O	These women not only lacked sense , but they were too weird for words .
tr	O	Close to the left bank , a ladder appeared to have fallen into the water and a fireman was vainly attempting to retrieve it .
tr	I	The terrible nightmares invaded and I merged with her repeatedly to spare her suffering when she was alone .
tr	I	It quickly passed , but he had his usual moment of resentment .
tr	I	The light in his hands went out momentarily and Bane 's head landed hard on the ground .
tr	O	Dr. Verner 's voice was calm , and that was good .
tr	I	The demon would be hidden , and the human could enter here .
tr	O	Her blade severs his ear and he sways on his feet .
tr	I	His muscles stood out rigidly against me and his scent was stronger , heightened by his passion as his fingers caressed the nape of my neck .
tr	O	She rears , clawing at the air , and when that doesn 't unseat me , she decides to take me with her .
tr	O	She loves him and it is impossible .
tr	O	Anger surged and anxiety spun .
tr	I	The city surrendered , and my messages were never delivered .
tr	O	He 'd questioned her , but she played dumb .
tr	O	He refused to look back , but when he was in the car , he finally turned , gazing at her through the smoked glass .
tr	I	Michael let go first , and Claire cleared her throat .
tr	O	My lips are stained a color near that of my hair and my eyes are lined in charcoal .
tr	I	It refused to stop , but a few of the bullets connected , slowing it down .
tr	O	It had become a popular destination for American soldiers on leave , and several hotels had been set aside for use by the occupation forces .
tr	O	There were others to think of now , and he had to consider their needs .
tr	O	The way was straightforward , but it required leaving the hotel again .
tr	O	Kim helped me with the door , and then we walked together , our first class being in the same building .
tr	O	Miriam watched her for a bit , her dark eyes intent on the governess , and they began to close of their own accord .
tr	O	Nimrod could stay in his purse , but he 'd be a distraction .
tr	I	His breathing seemed strong , but his eyes were closed .
tr	O	No sound came from inside the house , and no lights flickered on .
tr	I	I knew it had to look perfect , because it just felt right and it felt perfect .
tr	I	It took me by surprise , and I 'd never heard him sound like that .
tr	O	She didn 't answer me but I felt her believe me .
tr	I	The scuttlebutt collected from around the harbor since the second , and all talk was of the third race .
tr	I	My entire body felt fuzzy and my head was totally pounding .
tr	I	We 're all thrown physically in all directions and Electric light blasts into the aluminum tunnel wall .
tr	I	Maggie barks in warning , and the shadow comes closer .
tr	O	Bennett was waiting in the lobby as we exited the wooden doors , and I told him the news .
tr	O	Some kind of emotion entered his eyes , but she had no idea what it signified .
tr	I	I 'm going to hold him and I 'm going to find him .
tr	O	He told them this was because no individual is perfect , and in marriage two imperfect people are united .
tr	I	There might even be some truth in it , and okay , that was sweet .
tr	O	I am who I am , but I think I need to see her .
tr	O	Lake effect snow had been particularly bad this year and it had left an indelible mark on her psyche .
tr	I	His smile didn 't hold any snarkiness and there were little crinkle lines at the corners of his eyes .
tr	O	That left us to bring in the small blocks , and our conversation quieted as we worked .
tr	O	I didn 't recognize him , but he certainly wasn 't Riley .
tr	O	She turned toward him and his lips brushed lightly against her cheek .
tr	O	Her bottom lip was caught between her teeth , and the thought of claiming that lush mouth with various parts of his body nearly made him hard .
tr	O	Unfortunately there was a larger part that felt anger , jealousy , and the longer he thought of Thomas alone with Alanna , the worse it got .
tr	O	The solder is weak , perhaps , but it will hold long enough .
tr	I	I walk away from her and she rolls her eyes again .
tr	I	He turns to look at me and his arms drop .
tr	O	There was no audio commentary , but text had been embedded in the video , acting like subtitles .
tr	I	You never tried , and you never understood him .
tr	O	Maybe they 'd found him and he was already safe .
tr	O	I may have set the criteria , but this is your project .
tr	O	He had blood oozing through his jeans , but it looked worse than it really was .
tr	O	I noticed sets of eyes staring at me , but many more sets were staring at Sawyer .
tr	I	It 's not bad , but my work isn 't the best .
tr	O	the voice hissed again , but the tone wasn 't threatening .
tr	I	I slid down slightly and he loosened his grip .
tr	I	The attempt only caused spasms of pain to go through my throat but I tried to chuckle .
tr	O	The door swung open and Jacob turned to me .
tr	O	The sun was finally out and sand stretched out in every direction .
tr	O	When I confirmed his suspicion , the screen door opened , and Trenton walked down the steps .
tr	I	She could feel the beat of his heart through both their T-shirts and their bodies lay neatly aligned .
tr	I	An unseen burden seemed to weigh heavy , slowing his steps , and he felt faint for lack of food , fear gnawed at his stomach .
tr	O	Everything that happened nearly broke him , and it scared me to death .
tr	I	There is only one of these which he is free to disobey but each man is at every moment subjected to several different sets of law .
tr	O	His sharp cheekbones were flushed and his eyes glittered .
tr	I	As the older cousin , I would be blamed , and I knew our parents wouldn 't be happy .
tr	I	She was reaching her hand out to one of them , and a group of children surrounded a happy Olivia like a giant hug .
tr	O	It was weird in Kilmer , and my mom 's ... gone .
tr	O	One man fought harder than all others , and Chief Aleksey Vasily sent bands to each city to muster what force could be gathered .
tr	O	I 've had hallucinations and they don 't hurt !
tr	I	I saw her hand slightly shake and she put the china cup down .
tr	I	She interrupts , but I open my mouth to protest .
tr	O	They sprinted up the stairs , and Caroline turned to her dad .
tr	I	I waved her up and Maggie was hanging back .
tr	I	Michael had let her do it alone , but God forgive him .
tr	O	One had once been his room , and the other belonged to his sister .
tr	I	Her mouth dropped open as she watched him and the heat in his eyes was shocking .
tr	O	I covered my face with my hands , trying to peer through my fingers , but all I could see was this rolling fire .
tr	I	Madison had to work , and Brianna had school .
tr	I	We walked outside , and I paid .
tr	I	She felt dizzy and her pulse quickened .
tr	O	Sophia flipped her long blonde hair from one side of her face to the other , and her elegant diamond drop earrings shimmered in the light .
tr	O	His eyes were smoldering with need , and it only made me more frantic .
tr	O	My hand was shaking and beads of sweat were dripping from my brow as we went on towards the school .
tr	O	I 'd gotten cold when Coach turned the air conditioner on , and I 'd snuggled close to Doug .
tr	O	The waitress showed up and I ordered the shrimp .
tr	O	I took away all the beloved supporting characters , and now I 'm removing all the old landmarks .
tr	I	She felt his face in her hair and his arm curled tighter around her belly .
tr	I	He had lived in New York a long time now , but Magnus had always thought of himself as a rolling stone .
tr	O	There were claw marks on her chest , and the thing had another claw hooked into the waistband of her jeans .
tr	I	My eyes narrowed and my brows rose .
tr	I	She did drop the beat and the storm hit with such force Isabella nearly dropped her drumsticks .
tr	O	I was too afraid my resolve would falter - and that was exactly why I needed to leave Palm Springs .
tr	O	A flash of admiration lit up his dark eyes briefly and Erica felt warmed by it .
tr	I	I was ready to finish up the semester and the last week of school was upon us .
tr	O	The footman closed the door , and Victoria heard it latch in place .
tr	I	I didn 't want to be rude but I wanted to ask him more questions .
tr	I	Unsure of what to do , but I squinted my eyes , wanting to shut them .
tr	I	I 'm not ready to come home as if I am Maddie unchanged , but I 'm hoping to spend time with you .
tr	O	The window next to me was open a crack , but I couldn 't hear what they said .
tr	I	The blade cut across his left leg , opening up a deep , deep wound , and this time , Logan wasn 't quite quick enough .
tr	I	She pressed the smooth edge of the glass as hard as she could while they collapsed and they both fell against the wall .
tr	I	Trance music blasted from the speakers , and there was a DJ booth along one wall .
tr	I	She pushed it to one side as she opened the door and the hair was dangling in her face .
tr	I	I don 't trust them and they 'll just want to get their hands on my inventions .
tr	I	We could hide it behind some leaves instead of bare stems and it would have been a lot easier if it wasn 't autumn .
tr	I	I would remain right where I was and the apocalypse could be going down outside .
tr	I	The tension between the two of them appears to have been alleviated a little and Lea flourishes her hand at him .
tr	I	She hadn 't seen anything else , but Lydia admitted to hearing the voices .
tr	I	I squeezed my eyes shut as I dropped to the waiting ground , and my head filled with the same intense ringing she 'd caused before .
tr	I	Iona lost hold of the wheel , and her hands changed to panther again .
tr	I	They were given a rousing sendoff , and their departure was not without notice .
tr	I	Just the thought made me feel better , but I said no .
tr	I	Now , Sirena was also in place , but Jamila was exactly where he 'd left her .
tr	O	He was fully ready for her and she was long since ready for him .
tr	I	Erik wouldn 't let him and he tried to isolate me .
tr	I	She 'll rat them out to Abby and she knows the plan .
tr	I	I didn 't spend time with them socially , and I hadn 't really met any of the players since Jack .
tr	I	There is no hatred and her eyes catch mine .
tr	O	I felt his fingers in my hair and he combed through it softly .
tr	I	Before I know it I 'm in trouble and precious seconds are spent retrieving my sword .
tr	I	The truth is out and I am thankful that you are here .
tr	I	He raised his head slowly and I sat down opposite him .
tr	O	The phone rang and Mrs. Muller went into the house to answer it .
tr	I	I watched as the corner of his mouth turned up , silently acknowledging that he was pleased with my ardor and Jack caught my gaze .
tr	I	He realized she had long , toned legs , and it ended mid-thigh .
tr	O	Her heart thumped in her chest , and she tasted fear on her tongue .
tr	I	There 's no reason for you to come with me , but I 'll look for Cadaver anyway , just in case .
tr	I	He slowly crept toward me and his hands tightened into fists .
tr	O	It made no sense , but Alex knew the look .
tr	O	They collapsed together upon the stony ground and the Master of Bones fell to dust .
tr	O	His eyes got this sparkle in them and his whole face seemed to light up .
tr	O	Her face disappeared into the pillow once more and the low wail of a muffled scream escaped .
tr	O	Most kept on marching , but more than a few were rushing over to watch .
tr	I	She headed to the kitchen and I nodded .
tr	I	The gum slipped out and he mouth fell open .
tr	O	The brothers pretend not to notice , but they pause each time I pull my hand out of the water .
tr	I	A fire sprang to life in the hearth , and he made a gesture with his hand .
tr	O	She released him , and he stumbled backward .
tr	O	The rest of the girls went too , but I didn 't even really hear them .
tr	O	Mark tried to wave me down , but I wasn 't in the mood .
tr	O	It ran well ( when it ran ) , but it was not aesthetically pleasing to look at .
tr	I	I feel so terrible still , but I want to smile back .
tr	O	A minute later they stopped in the middle of the parking lot , and Toby set the briefcase down in plain view of a security camera .
tr	O	They went to a movie and Victoria somehow sensed that he had to restrain himself from the same things that Jonathan often did to her .
tr	O	His fangs ran out , and his eyes glowed red .
tr	O	Rome went off to wait for his mother but he did not relax as Daniela had instructed .
tr	I	I craved the freedom that the woods gave me and it had been a long , tiring day .
tr	O	She knew it was dangerous , but still she was giving me a little more freedom .
tr	I	My lips brush his , gently tasting him and my eyes shut .
tr	I	I searched for Samantha , and the Bravado slowly began to retreat .
tr	O	He had dated Ana because everyone expected them to , but he had never felt very deeply about her .
tr	I	We got ourselves into position and I handed over the camera .
tr	O	As I drop the hood , it slams shut , and I look through the windshield .
tr	O	I blushed as I noticed the stares of those all around us , and my heart stilled at the tenderness in his voice .
tr	O	His handsome face was set and he was angry .
tr	I	Holly didn 't need Margie to support the lie , but Margie wouldn 't know what he was talking about once he got there , of course .
tr	I	He moved slowly further into the dark passageway , and the deeper he moved the cooler the air became , unusually dry for a cellar he thought .
tr	I	It wasn 't George who stood on her step , but she swung the door wide .
tr	O	I was at a loss , but she took pity on me .
tr	I	The logs seem to be coming faster at me than I hit it , yet the motion of slowness does not come this time .
tr	O	Christopher tried to undo the top button on her blouse , but the tiny buttons wouldn 't cooperate with his large hands .
tr	O	He ducked , and it burst into thousands of burning sparks that went out as quickly as they exploded .
tr	I	They will operate out of a backup HQ located on my estate and these will be their covert functions .
tr	O	The energy tingled within the male patrons , but the lady entertainers were not immune .
tr	O	I know my colour changed and I froze to the spot .
tr	I	Everything was blamed on me - and I was always an afterthought .
tr	I	The two of them smile and he nods his head .
tr	O	I want to put it out of my mind , but I cannot .
tr	I	I knew she was speaking the truth , but I could feel her hurt .
tr	I	One wet dream does not a Mrs. Right make , but I 'd hate to be the one to break it to him .
tr	I	The screen flashed red and I started with the four corners .
tr	O	Even I could see it at the hospital and I was loopy on drugs half the time .
tr	I	I found it creepy as hell , but I didn 't know .
tr	O	My eyes flew open and I could barely breathe .
tr	O	He walked out of the room , and I sat there in stunned immobility .
tr	I	My mother was a piano teacher , and my father was a musical conductor .
tr	O	She knew that voice because she 'd spoken to the warrior many times over the years and he 'd been to her home when Jeff was alive .
tr	O	Several horsemen fell and their horses ran away in terror .
tr	I	The wind picked up again , and Thunder rumbled in the distance .
tr	O	Valentine 's hand moved , and Magnus only just managed to catch Valentine 's wrist before he found Valentine 's blade in his heart .
tr	O	He knew that neither would shoot Ryan , or at least he hoped .
tr	O	They thought that laws were broken and there should be no allowances made .
tr	I	The door opened and the knob turned again .
tr	I	I walked amongst them and Trees were still around .
tr	I	I couldn 't have her thinking the worst , but she wasn 't Adam 's biggest fan .
tr	O	He was completely naked , and I squealed with satisfaction .
tr	I	When she stopped to talk he shared his observation with her and Debbie had just come down after putting young Toby to bed .
tr	O	The seriousness faded from Della 's eyes , and she grinned .
tr	I	He was quicker , but she was quick .
tr	I	You know what , and if I was being honest with myself I knew I did it to protect myself ?
tr	I	She dropped it , and I didn 't want to talk about it .
tr	O	I have to smooth some ruffled feathers , and then I have to call my wife .
tr	I	I pulled him closer to my face and my hands smoothed over his muscular ass .
tr	O	Darren would ask Danni if she wanted to leave and she would say no .
tr	I	Light danced down the wal s as if the sun were rising , and the windows began to brighten .
tr	I	Pippa caught herself checking him out , and he led the way up the stairs .
tr	O	It wasn 't particularly friendly , and it sure as hell wasn 't brotherly .
tr	O	You don 't look like much , but a lot is happening underneath the surface .
tr	I	I was about to tell him more about Skylar when the doorbell rang and Leo shook his head in wonderment .
tr	I	The hallway light was back on , and later that night I woke again .
tr	I	The small window inside was open , and her dress was missing .
tr	I	Sure enough , he got through , and he plugged the numbers in , just as Ashe had .
tr	I	I watched the shiny flesh tighten over fat as she flexed her knees , and she sat on the bed , still absorbed in her own thoughts .
tr	O	Heat rushed through his shaft as he swelled further still , but I took it in stride , gradually easing him deeper down my throat .
tr	I	His anger was absolute and his grip on my arm was legendary .
tr	O	His expression was sharp , not entirely trusting , but he nodded .
tr	O	It shouldn 't hurt this much after a full year and yet it did .
tr	I	I feel power well up from nowhere and the magic within me warms to Grubbs 's .
tr	O	Papa had passed away ten years ago when I was seven , and Mr. Milton 's wife passed away a couple of years ago .
tr	I	He didn 't sound like the same guy who 'd just signed off on a new series of cufflinks , but he asked .
tr	O	It took forever to get to the house , but when we did , the rain suddenly stopped .
tr	I	I gasped , biting into the cookie and the sweet flavor exploded in my mouth .
tr	I	He could find no enemy , but her anxiety had put him on battle alert .
tr	O	They all expected something , but he didn 't mind .
tr	I	He caught her scent on the still , cool air and she moved even closer .
tr	O	I just feel so powerless , all this kit here and we can do nothing for a whole day , until the new power supply smoother arrives .
tr	I	It was equally obvious that it was also the reason for the enemy invasion , and there was no other reason to defend the area .
tr	O	I felt the hairs on the back on my neck raise and my whole body shivered as if a sharp wind rippled through me .
tr	I	Eventually I could see inside the walls , but it took a few minutes of concentration .
tr	O	Low began to stretch out her legs and a soft moan drifted from the bed .
tr	I	I know from memory how soft she is , and the skin of her stomach looks silky smooth .
tr	O	I turned around , and he kissed his way around my stomach until he got to the zipper in the back of my skirt .
tr	I	They broke up a year ago , but he 'd been engaged once .
tr	O	She heard him turn , move back into the room , and she opened her eyes .
tr	I	I like it , but he 's certainly rough around the edges .
tr	O	He also claimed to have the insatiable sexual appetite of an addict , but why would he think she would be able to satisfy him ?
tr	O	He wondered how many more might be moving among the hallways of the keep , but he did not worry .
tr	I	Beyond that , she didn 't know much about him , but he wasn 't the caricature ladies ' man she 'd allowed herself to believe .
tr	O	We are in disorder and there are few candidates .
tr	O	Pate 's eyelids flickered , but he took the blood .
tr	O	There are six different sports and it would have disappointed heaps of kids , especially the girls , if we 'd had to drop netball .
tr	O	The smile returned in full force and he laughed again .
tr	O	I hear one of the guy whistles and her head comes up , spotting me .
tr	I	He ignored it , but something fisted around his heart .
tr	O	None of the Subjects had brought any children and there would be no pregnancies .
tr	O	Mom of course wants to chat , and Dee turns over the phone fast .
tr	I	A wash of lamplight flooded in , and the door grated open a crack .
tr	O	He didn 't say anything , but the silence wasn 't uncomfortable .
tr	O	I tried to relax , but it wasn 't easy .
tr	I	The man wasn 't stepping forward , but Sweat covered him .
tr	O	It 'd been converted into a pub and it seemed as good a meeting place as any .
tr	I	That wasn 't one , and I 've been in this field long enough to know an out of the blue guess .
tr	O	Mom 's dealing well with sobriety and Sara is still living with Bill .
tr	O	This was what Ellie had implied but Carol had refused to accept it .
tr	I	Usually in dreams you don 't , but I should have instinctually known that .
tr	I	It didn 't stop the scream of rage that fol owed , but boulders crashed down , blocking the cavern .
tr	O	I talk to killers all the time , but I never dwell on them like this .
tr	I	She was watching me with an odd sort of glint in her eyes and she was no longer on the phone .
tr	I	She continued to stare at the objects before her and she heard the door close behind him .
tr	O	Lost in the eyes and now I 'm gone .
tr	O	Yes , I know all about my reputation , but I don 't really like to kill people unless it 's necessary .
tr	I	Its jaw was far more massive with muscle , and it had serrated ridges of horn on its stark cheekbones .
tr	O	I am weary of chasing you , Caroline , but I won 't stop .
tr	I	Angie was on the outskirts of Seattle and now it was almost noon .
tr	I	He expected to suffer now and he suffered .
tr	I	His mouth curved , revealing his charming dimple , and his brilliant blue gaze lit with amusement .
tr	O	He paused , and his own mouth twisted into a lazy grin .
tr	O	Sharp claws clashed against my skin , but it did no damage .
tr	I	She was breathing very quickly , and when he withdrew his mouth from the First Lady 's , her cheeks were flushed pink .
tr	I	You won 't be able to deal with it , and Stuff will come out .
tr	I	Patrick was nowhere to be seen , but Dani was on the floor beside her brother .
tr	I	We start running back in the direction of the frat house to get ready for class , and Braden nods .
tr	I	Luca called a friend that night to set me up with lessons , but I think that suggestion was a joke on the doctor 's part .
tr	O	Families of Gypsies were our housemates and they had no sense of hygiene .
tr	I	Then the line fell completely silent , and Papers shuffled audibly in the background .
tr	O	I was not sure ... but it sounded Welsh .
tr	O	Soon the sun would dip below the mountains and the temperature would plummet .
tr	O	I thought before she might be going there more often than just when we had our meetings , but she told me I was wrong .
tr	I	Everyone stopped talking to see what had happened and it was so loud the entire room shook .
tr	O	The barking was closer now , and he could pinpoint its direction with little difficulty .
tr	I	Simon would have never imagined punching his brother , and Sam had never laid a finger on him .
tr	O	The feel of his lips tickled my skin but it was a good feeling .
tr	I	The flatware rattled and the glasses wobbled .
tr	O	The Templar started to walk towards the town , intending to pass through on his way further north , but the German grabbed his arm .
tr	I	He has no right to be angry about what he just overheard and it 's Cooper 's fault that we aren 't together anyway .
tr	I	New automatic switching systems were again available and it would have to make do until computer companies were restored .
tr	O	He seemed to be following his own schedule to reveal information to me , and it was excruciating .
tr	O	His hands tightened painfully in her hair , and she whimpered in protest .
tr	O	She licked her lips , and he inhaled the fragrance of her heat in the air .
tr	I	His rage didn 't lessen , but Cameron let go of her .
tr	O	He flinched , but she caught the wild excitement in his eyes .
tr	O	His eyes glowed feverishly , and I shrank back .
tr	O	It was sitting right out on his desk , and when I realized it was for you , I simply thought I 'd bring it .
tr	I	He ran his thumb across the nipple and his right hand cupped my exposed breast .
tr	I	The training at RIM enhances it , and getting an impression is something any magician can do to a certain extent .
tr	I	The Hub was plunged into darkness , and the lights went out .
tr	O	His voice was terribly faint , not much stronger than a whisper , but it struck her like a slap .
tr	O	He hopped off the train with her , and they walked in together to Marina City .
tr	O	It wasn 't much , just a tenth of a point , but in the dog-eat-dog world of college admissions , that was appreciable .
tr	I	He could think of far worse things he could 've been doing but he hadn 't planned on starting his day out ravishing her .
tr	I	It was too late , but I screamed .
tr	I	He collapsed to the floor and his head jerked around with the hit .
tr	O	She 'd found a vein this time , but she hadn 't torn it deeply enough .
tr	I	I reached out , ever so gently , to brush it back and a little curl had fallen onto his forehead .
tr	I	His eyes , his beautiful eyes , didn 't stray from her , and his hands clenched into fists again .
tr	O	She sounded proud , and he could understand now why she might be .
tr	O	Reece had lost the power to keep her confident expression under control , and she stared at the man in disbelief .
tr	I	I wasn 't fast enough to head off his reply , yet I hurried to finish my meal .
tr	I	The way fairies tend to band together in groups we call families , but only two of us were actually related .
tr	I	The thought of joining them forever scared me deeply , but maybe it was crazy to still be frightened of ghosts after I 'd become one myself .
tr	I	They were almost run over by a blur and Geary followed Kat as she crossed the street .
tr	O	Suddenly his body became leaden , heavy , and with a whoosh he was pulled toward something which felt like a whirlpool .
tr	O	Color touched the tops of his sculpted cheekbones , and my fingers itched with the impulse to smooth his raven hair away from his forehead .
tr	I	Only a few were worthy to bring home to meet his family , but he had a handful of serious relationships .
tr	I	The women of court would probably describe him as handsome , in a rugged sort of way , and he has charisma .
tr	O	My jaw fell open , and he grinned at me .
tr	O	The air was cool and a bit dank .
tr	I	He would never have allowed himself to bail , but he 'd been struggling with this assignment ever since Francesca became involved in it .
tr	I	I didn 't want to know right now and I had no idea what he was thinking .
tr	I	She wasn 't unattractive either , but she wasn 't overly attractive .
tr	I	He , too , darted away , and he did the same with Xerxes .
tr	O	My body stands up to follow Holder , but I leave my heart at the table .
tr	O	She punctuated this with a little laugh so that she didn 't sound complete pushy , but Mike just stared at her blankly .
tr	I	Kennedy suspected he was hoping to impress Grace , but he claimed he wanted to catch a few more rays .
tr	O	I know you want everything to be perfect , my love , but just relax .
tr	I	It didn 't look quite right , but at first glance I imagined it must be a whale because of its size .
tr	O	He closes his eyes , and his fingers move quickly over the strings .
tr	O	He 'll strike and I 'll fall .
tr	I	I offered to take her , and mom had an appointment at the clinic .
tr	I	Abigail Cells was still alive , and it had been three days !
tr	I	Not having enough money and going to buy something !
tr	I	I still need him to try to attack me , but I see the frustration building inside of him .
tr	O	I didn 't move , and he kissed me again .
tr	O	She had stopped answering the phone at midnight , and it had rung every hour on the hour since .
tr	I	His eyes were intensely green , and his hair was dark , cropped short in a soldier 's cut , as was his beard .
tr	I	It holds the world together , but the work they do is not glamorous .
tr	I	He sounded genuinely concerned , and his excited tone changed .
tr	O	The funeral was one of the hardest things I had ever attended but I had managed to make it through it .
tr	O	My eyes darted around the room , looking for something , but I didn 't know what .
tr	I	Nothing moved , but I waited .
tr	I	After filling out some paperwork , we see the doctor five minutes later and there is no one else there .
tr	I	He lifted his hands in defense , and I raised my eyebrow at him .
tr	O	I turned over in the bed to get more comfortable , and within a few minutes I could feel myself falling off to sleep .
tr	O	He was upset , and they were leaving .
tr	I	She forced herself to stay calm , and the weight of Finn 's gaze made her shoulders hunch .
tr	I	Perhaps no one cares to hear my voice and my presence is not important .
tr	O	The anger boiled up and Joey snapped wide-awake realizing too late that her situation was very real .
tr	I	I shuddered in revulsion and Blood coagulated from where his nose used to be .
tr	O	Of course , the cannibalism part was sickening , but for all Gregor knew , rats ate rats .
tr	I	He saw at last the groom 's face and the newspaper clipping fell away .
tr	O	Earl walked up behind him , and Zane pointed down .
tr	I	They all knew it and the man was dying .
tr	I	I suppose that we can have that altered , but a bit risque at the neckline , perhaps .
tr	I	His arms wound around me before I made it to my destination , but not playing coy about it , I headed straight for the bed .
tr	I	My mom was at home resting , and I was in the hospital , hooked up to machines .
tr	O	All of the lights were out and the place was devoid of noise .
tr	I	It was the best he could do , but he didn 't know if that made sense .
tr	I	There was really nothing to say , but Gabby opened her mouth to respond .
tr	O	As I enter , I see Jacob going to his room and he doesn 't even turn to say anything .
tr	O	I co-operated fully with you , and I made it clear that I have nothing further to say , so get out of my way , lady .
tr	O	Nicholas looked at His Honor and both men were frustrated .
tr	I	Then it disappears , and I 'll feel a little bit of a memory .
tr	O	Dead bodies were strewn across the lawn , and when the sun began to rise the scene was gruesome .
tr	O	He still had his key and he let himself in .
tr	I	It stopped in front of our house and he turned to watch it drive by .
tr	I	The stars began to disperse and Riddick shook his head out .
tr	I	She never looked away , but sometimes it was blinding .
tr	I	She knows you have pack protection , and she 's big in the pack .
tr	O	He didn 't know a great deal about how the biology of it worked , but he certainly understood the intentions of it .
tr	I	The illusion was gone and she blinked .
tr	O	The vampires had gone without feeding , and the smell of human blood had to be driving them crazy .
tr	I	I had a firm grip , but Mia jerked in my grip , pulling at her wrist with every intention of breaking free .
tr	O	Looking over to the table , where the panel sat , I saw her standing up , and she did not look happy .
tr	I	They do respond , but they respond sluggishly .
tr	O	Staves rapped as Ham engaged her , and despite her size , Vin held her own .
tr	I	The offer was nice , but I wasn 't hungry .
tr	O	His left wrist is completely shattered and one of his lungs was punctured .
tr	I	He found himself reluctant to let go , but Gray laughed .
tr	O	Kieron ran to her and she picked him up , feeling his warm breath on her face .
tr	O	The temperature had to be pushing a hundred , and the humidity was high , prime conditions for a thunderstorm .
tr	O	I switched to shots , but they eventually wore off , making me feel even worse .
tr	O	We didn 't speak any more , but this time I barely noticed the silence .
tr	O	FURTHER ANALYSIS Norman went up to the lab to see beth , but she was asleep , curled up on her couch .
tr	I	It sounded like there were more bodies behind him crashing towards us , and Paul 's voice was closer , nearly upon us .
tr	I	If there were any confrontations , he wouldn 't hesitate , but Riddick could discipline himself enough to escape without committing murder .
tr	I	The workers are migrant so I doubt they would get involved but as far as I could see he has two bodyguards there .
tr	I	Jake 's feet did slide back a few inches , but again there was no effect on Jake 's behavior .
tr	I	She 'd made Jude instead , but she had been trying to create Noah .
tr	I	There is no way to draw power from a place where none grows , but the design was true .
tr	I	Her bare foot sank into the wet carpet , and she took a tentative step forward .
tr	I	He is stronger than me , but I struggle against his grip .
tr	I	The blood drained from his face , and Donovan flinched .
tr	I	We knew the other sat there inches away , waiting but for a long time we said nothing .
tr	I	She misused it , and she had access .
tr	O	I didn 't understand exactly why , but it just seemed so ... wrong .
tr	O	My stomach had gotten over whatever had affected me and my head was clear .
tr	I	Mike knew exactly why he changed positions but the woman had no idea what Garcia was doing .
tr	O	Sherry 's mouth fell open , and she gave Cate a look of absolute astonishment .
tr	I	Her arms weren 't , but her voice was unsteady .
tr	O	It was knowing that the Irons could destroy them and those they loved that kept the Sovereigns in line .
tr	O	He 'd never seen people so eager to hear the words of one man and simultaneously wishing they had never been summoned to listen .
tr	O	The stream wasn 't as rough as the river they 'd seen , but something about it spooked him .
tr	O	I checked through them anyway , but I 'm not sure why .
tr	I	Bodies moved , all almost too quickly to be seen and blades darted .
tr	I	Joey went to her and she started to cry .
tr	I	My mind is rushing in so many different directions I can hardly pull out any coherent thoughts , but I think she might be beautiful .
tr	I	We left , and Juliet linked her arm with mine .
tr	I	The doctor was lying and he was quite unable to be sensible when tied up .
tr	I	The world around me began to blur back into focus and the lights came on .
tr	I	It took everything he had not to lunge at the man he 'd once called friend , and a growl rose from Rio 's throat .
tr	I	He was giving her what she wanted , yet she had not begged .
tr	O	They were fierce goblin warriors , but part of them was not .
tr	I	A wave of euphoria pulsed through me , and his lips brushed against the top of my head as he carried me to his bed .
tr	O	His body covered mine as the front windows exploded and glass rocketed across the room .
tr	O	Julie had her back towards Lea , but Julie had a bright smile on her face .
tr	I	They weren 't sharing and too many people knew things .
tr	I	I was looking forward to playing the role of queen and the feast before me was one made for a queen .
tr	I	She was too nervous to look , but she heard Austen 's footsteps as he approached .
tr	I	He shrank from her , but she reached for his arm again .
tr	I	I longed to feel him again , and he broke away from my embrace .
tr	I	She knew how fast they would be , yet her only hope was to outrun them .
tr	I	Zeke follows , and I dismiss myself to the bathroom .
tr	O	In the morning the elves would be gone and the cobbler would find a fine pair of shoes ready to be sold .
tr	O	Some wounds had been bad , but none felt this cold .
tr	O	Soon the war would be over and their land would be free again .
tr	O	The edges of her vision blurred and once again she pulled herself together .
tr	I	One moved to fetch their captain and the knights bowed .
tr	O	His mouth dropped open , and he fluttered his eyelids .
tr	O	The weather had cooperated so everything had been set up outdoors , and the decorations were exquisite .
tr	O	He would protest that , too , but it might hurt her feelings again .
tr	I	I never would be and I never was .
tr	O	The move startled the poor guy , but he wasn 't about to protest .
tr	I	She saw the look on Amy 's face but Celia started to protest .
tr	I	I sighed and he nodded .
tr	O	She was nineteen and he was thirty-five .
tr	I	Everything looked lit as if in an early evening glow and her realm vision had taken over .
tr	I	She was an animal lover after all and it was a good cause .
tr	O	There were two photos with a man tagged as Derek Girard and I tried to memorize the way he looked .
tr	I	She looks away , and her face pales .
tr	I	Critically look for discrepancies compared to what he had told her , but with Adams in the interview , Stephanie was able to observe .
tr	I	I opened my eyes , and his power , thick over me , pulled me back .
tr	I	I truly couldn 't believe I had been dressed like that the whole time and it was terribly ridiculous .
tr	I	The forklift didn 't tip over but Molly winced in anticipation .
tr	O	On a professional level it would be the loss of a good client and on a personal level it would be good riddance to my latest heartache .
tr	O	I frowned at him , not understanding what he meant , and then I got it .
tr	O	The telephone woke Cain almost as soon as he fell asleep , but he immediately scrambled to get it .
tr	I	He sighed and she saw his eyes move to Callum 's back before they came again to her .
tr	O	In fact , he looks mildly annoyed , but that might be projection more than accurate interpretation on my part .
tr	I	A second pair of deeper , parallel cuts , appeared alongside the first and she nodded again .
tr	O	Girls occasionally tried to get him out with the dancing group too , but he seemed to be turning everyone down .
tr	O	All banter left him , and his eyes turned serious .
tr	I	The idea is to use both rovers , but NASA is still working on the details .
tr	I	Ryker Slade 's unmistakable fingerprint was on this death , but Kieran was not only lost to them .
tr	O	Tim wasn 't her boyfriend , of course , but Anne Marie had begun to enjoy his company .
tr	O	The engine squealed to life and she pulled out onto the street .
tr	I	Seeing his work revealed another side to him , but I 'd known he was an art major .
tr	O	Her body stung , but it felt good to be clean again .
tr	I	I did it to him , and I know exactly how it feels to be hated .
tr	O	Beside me , Ivy was drinking hot chocolate and Missy had cider also .
tr	O	The cafeteria was bustling and bodies were moving everywhere .
tr	O	The wind kicked up and the banshee screamed .
tr	O	My fists closed into balls and I felt a thousand needles attacking my right palm .
tr	O	We clapped politely to show we were , and Brodie stood in the front of the room , the Power Play necklace gleaming against his dark shirt .
tr	O	These people had become his family over the course of the last couple of months , and now he was poised to leave them all behind .
tr	I	The sinking moon was shining brightly and the sky now was quickly clearing .
tr	I	The last thing she needs is another heartbreaking betrayal and she 's been through hell .
tr	I	He wanted to , but he wouldn 't .
tr	I	Alonso wasn 't amazed by the plan itself , but the members kept on going .
tr	O	His parents asked him what was wrong and he asked them to take him away from the monster .
tr	I	I don 't , but I should have told him the truth about why I wasn 't feeling well .
tr	I	The look in them might seem guileless if I didn 't know better , and his eyes are wide .
tr	I	We still stayed , and then he died .
tr	I	He 's free , but he is tired .
tr	I	I 'm here now and all that matters is we 're here now .
tr	I	You need to understand that it 's as new to me as it is to you , but you keep trying to belittle what we have .
tr	I	I hated them , but I spent so much time with them .
tr	O	It wasn 't a particularly dangerous area , but it wasn 't where businesses that made much money had offices .
tr	I	I would get my chance , and he would be here soon enough .
tr	I	His amber eyes glowed , and Anger flushed his cheeks .
tr	O	I felt cartilage snap , and my stomach turned .
tr	O	John closed the trapdoor behind us , and once in the dark I heaved a sigh .
tr	O	I thought they had taken you from me and I was right .
tr	I	That seemed to ease the tension a little , and Reed laughed .
tr	O	Apparently the Enterprise should have been covered for security reasons , but the hurricane had ruthlessly stripped away its protective grey shield .
tr	I	Another nine were still ahead , but the first shot was behind .
tr	I	His tone remains mocking , but the red head 's eyes harden as he turns toward me , as if he 's not used to being threatened .
tr	O	There was a delicate way to put this , and there was devastating way .
tr	O	Physically , she was slow on her best day , but she 'd still never met anyone who moved as fast as the dragons .
tr	O	There was an enormous roar of sound , and Walker 's foot slammed another of the taken holders to the cave floor .
tr	O	Her right eye was missing and her nose had been so badly pummeled it resembled putty more than human flesh .
tr	O	Jude laughed quietly , but Ludwig did not .
tr	I	That thought was soon lost to lust , but Stan felt a little sorry for them .
tr	I	This time had his own set as well , but Keating not only had his own camera again .
tr	I	I liked her , but it was different .
tr	O	He motioned toward the waiting SUV and they all walked in that direction .
tr	O	It was a slow process , but goods were being shipped around the twenty states to keep people supplied with the basics .
tr	I	You pulled it off better than most , but not your best look , for sure .
tr	I	That was how we both wanted it , and this was about sex , not love .
tr	O	This was different though , and we both knew it .
tr	O	The frigid March air hit Julia like a fist as they exited the station , and she recoiled , leaning into Lance .
tr	I	I was utterly alone , and the thrill of the chase was absent .
tr	I	The door is slipping back into place and soon the entire cell is vibrating with the warning .
tr	I	I wasn 't worried about being quiet , but our footsteps thundered in the space .
tr	O	Jules has her sources and her instincts are uncanny .
tr	I	I was caught exactly in the middle , and the cliques had formed within a day .
tr	I	Things were progressing okay , and my first drink down , margarita , I think .
tr	I	He doubted that he 'd get it , but he had asked for a full company .
tr	O	We 're doing a little better at communicating with them , but it 's slow going .
tr	I	I search for a source of his injury , and my first thought is that Realm is hurt .
tr	O	She took a step back and he immediately narrowed his eyes .
tr	I	I wanted to delay it as long as possible , and nothing would make me as vulnerable as dozing off .
tr	O	Take care of wacko out there and I 'll get back to you about the trust issue .
tr	I	I kissed her softly once more and my eyes began to match hers .
tr	O	Light steps were heard again , but this time the girl caught a glimpse of a yellow dress on the second floor .
tr	O	Archie 's head smacked the windshield , but he didn 't go through .
tr	O	When you 're ready you let me know , and I 'll have the jet waiting in Nashville .
tr	O	From his first day there , he was a loner , and as the years went by , he became evermore withdrawn into himself .
tr	I	Trying to unwind in my living room and I 'm finally home from practice .
tr	O	The sound of glass shattering mirrored the feeling in my heart , and I had the sudden urge to break everything within my reach .
tr	O	I 'd never entered Coosa Liquors , but it was every bit as desolate as Alaska described .
tr	O	He suddenly sags , limp in her arms , and with all her strength , she bundles him into the house .
tr	O	We both laughed , but I felt uneasy .
tr	I	It slipped out of her hand twice but she quietly pursued a bright blue one .
tr	I	She simply waved me off with a flick of her fingers , but her dark eyes glittered dangerously .
tr	O	They bought carrier bags at the checkout , and McBride used his credit card .
tr	I	Large lock clasped at the center , but large chains staked into the stone walls bar entry , each of the strands held together by a simple .
tr	O	I knew I would be lucky if I got home before the storm hit , but I would certainly try .
tr	I	Her back started to get cold and the bag was over her shoulder .
tr	O	I try to stare at him in the night , but it 's hard because it 's dark .
tr	I	I could hear his rapid heartbeat , a mirror for my own , and my head lay against his chest .
tr	I	He 'd fall over and I could shove him .
tr	O	He wanted her to trust in the idea , but her eyes left his .
tr	I	The engine seemed okay , but most of the windows had been blown out .
tr	I	Water leaked profusely from her eyes , and the sudden relief made Dorian weaker .
tr	O	My tone sounded harsher than I intended , and I watched as he shifted his gaze away from mine .
tr	O	He put his hand in hers , and she turned his way , her eyes fixed on his .
tr	O	She wanted to attack Devlin while he was distracted but she had no weapon with which to do so .
tr	O	Austen yelled , but it was too late .
tr	I	They 'd get suspicious or I needed an excuse to be here .
tr	I	He looked pretty damn strong and that man was stronger than he looked .
tr	O	His eyes swept the darkness , and he noticed something .
tr	O	My relief hauled herself in over the port side and I flopped out the other .
tr	O	They are no longer included in the experiments and they are allowed to choose where to live .
tr	O	When he touched me in my dreams , all my strength crumbled , and I felt myself being tangled up in his net all over again .
tr	O	She tries to laugh but it comes out all wrong .
tr	I	Sure enough she was sitting on her bed wiping tears from the corners of her bloodshot eyes and I went into her bedroom without knocking .
tr	I	Tried not to fidget and * * * Jo stood at the counter in the school 's office .
tr	O	I had a memory , and right now I 'm not even dizzy .
tr	O	I 'd berate Rob but his attention is elsewhere .
tr	I	They would notice the difference from other sources or I can 't change it to much .
tr	I	They were alone in the house , and it was late afternoon .
tr	I	Now she speculated she was on her fifth shot of Jack Daniel 's , and she had about four Wild Turkeys in 1963 before she left .
tr	O	Karla tried to pull away , and he chuckled .
tr	O	Tears streaked down his face and his hands began to shake .
tr	I	I can save Ms. Beck ... or I can either teach you how to eradicate the horror unleashed from your lab .
tr	I	The whole cafeteria at my school saw me do the walk of shame and except for maybe the time I had toilet paper sticking to my shoe .
tr	O	He studied me suspiciously for a moment , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	O	It 's a bright , sunny day , and the trees on the side of the road are green .
tr	O	I 'd known better for a long time , but Liz still had a little naivete left .
tr	O	Time was running out and they still had a long way to go .
tr	O	Liam couldn 't think of anything to say and Julian didn 't bother to speak .
tr	I	There was something frightening in its place , but the mask of icy control was broken .
tr	I	The harder she tried to resist it , the worse it was going to hurt and it responded to Bishop 's voice - only to his - .
tr	I	I don 't know why , and I 'm feeling on edge .
tr	O	In the days to come , he would have to reconcile all these things in his heart , but this day was not the day .
tr	I	I say it now and I said it then .
tr	O	I 'm divorced and I have no children .
tr	O	It was a nice day for a leisurely swim , and the cool water felt good after toiling in the hot garden .
tr	O	The elevator dinged and the doors opened .
tr	I	She nodded , and her eyes remained closed .
tr	I	The answer was obvious , and put it like that .
tr	O	The Captain was back at the helm and it was just getting light .
tr	O	Here was not the risen Jesus Christ , but a different miracle come to life .
tr	O	His chest tightened at such simple words , but they conveyed a heavy wealth of emotion .
tr	I	Black spots swarmed in his vision , and he sat up too quickly .
tr	I	Only a handful of people moved away down the street and his song ended .
tr	O	Chapter 5 My hands were shaking and I was trembling head to heels as I slid down the wall of my cubicle .
tr	I	Then it faded , but she almost smiled .
tr	I	She knows now she can heal , and the doubt that 's haunted her , the self-hatred , eases slightly .
tr	I	I still can 't seem to breathe , but I firmly press one of my hands against it as I try to calm down .
tr	I	I wonder what they are really referring to and ' No , he 's not , ' Blake retorts harshly .
tr	O	The waitress was coming with their coffee and Nikki halted her speech .
tr	O	It would be a ticklish subject but Golden would broach the topic nonetheless .
tr	O	It was before dawn , and the building was quiet .
tr	I	She couldn 't remember what it was , but Spencer knew she was supposed to say her first line .
tr	I	Mac didn 't regret his choices , but of course it meant that Raymond was using his Imp .
tr	O	Her voice rose and the guard in the doorway took a step forward .
tr	O	It was the oldest cemetery in Richmond , and therefore , in my opinion , it was also the most disturbing .
tr	O	He didn 't want her to know how rattled he was , but the fact that he was off balance probably showed on his face .
tr	I	Her eyes moistened again against her will , and Morgan looked at her daughter , so shocked by her own mother 's sudden appearance .
tr	I	I let out a sigh and that makes my heart race even faster .
tr	O	Seconds later the lock was open and Boone pulled the cabinet door towards him .
tr	I	She shucked off the red-hot shame , but the words threatened to lodge in her chest , refusing to come out .
tr	O	He presses his knee between my legs , forcing me to part them , and I willingly submit .
tr	O	She watched the fight he waged within himself and she saw the minute he lost the battle .
tr	I	I haven 't been sleeping well , and it has been a rough week .
tr	I	The knowledge of his affection comforted me , and the heat of his body warmed me .
tr	I	They couldn 't discuss what had happened , but Adelaide exchanged a look with her mother .
tr	O	I wanted more than anything to lie beside him tonight , but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Nicole tells me more about Miranda , growing up together , and even as I laugh with her , I am struck with envy .
tr	I	Still unconscious , he grabbed his head in agony , and David felt the pain too .
tr	I	She 's on top of me and I was lying on the car 's floor .
tr	I	Two mental patients had abducted her or this had to be a dream .
tr	I	That 's all that mattered and Jackson was with me now .
tr	I	She waited until they were alone in the suite , and they returned to the hotel in silence .
tr	I	The hermit seemed to feel his thoughts , but he was unable to heave his heart into his mouth .
tr	I	Then she considered it some more , and Blue considered what he had said .
tr	O	Desire ached in me , alongside a bleak loneliness , and ever fiber of my being screamed for his touch .
tr	O	Once again he could feel her close her eyes and within a few minutes , her heavy breathing resumed .
tr	I	It 's hard to suppress it and I have too much .
tr	I	She was hoping for a miracle , but now no physiological parameter could give her hope .
tr	I	It cannot be much , but come on , I don 't ask what the Emperor promised .
tr	O	She 's not the most beautiful girl I 've ever seen , but she has a lot more character than I 've ever witnessed .
tr	I	It was late , and I glanced at the clock .
tr	O	The blood oozes from me , but I do not feel pain .
tr	I	His tongue felt unnatural , swollen , but he struggled to say something .
tr	I	She stroked his back , whispering reassuring words and the child in her arms woke with a start .
tr	O	It was anybody 's guess how long Dayne had been chanting , but his energy looked depleted .
tr	O	I was worried about flaking over her upholstery , but there were no plastic covers to hand as far as I could see .
tr	O	Her breath hitched , but she forced herself to stay calm .
tr	I	The old woman 's magnifying glasses were masking her expressions , but she was waiting for any reaction from the old woman .
tr	I	She stood her ground , but Dahlia 's survival instincts shrieked at her to pull away .
tr	I	There is a devil and there are angels .
tr	I	It did little to quell his temper , but Rafe had to admit the truth of this statement .
tr	O	It wouldn 't last long , and then she would be his .
tr	O	She smiled and a quiet giggle escaped her lips .
tr	O	He didn 't look happy to see me , and I sure wasn 't happy to see him .
tr	I	There was no way I was putting on any tight pants , and I had slight bruising on my wrists .
tr	O	Krauss starts to correct him , but then lets it go .
tr	O	Cooper starts to roll off me but I stop him .
tr	I	He 'd saved her , yet he was a destroyer .
tr	O	She looked at him with pride and he assumed that she was benevolent .
tr	O	He laughed again , and I wanted to kick him .
tr	I	My arms feel tingly and he still makes my heart flutter .
tr	I	Chase has no way of knowing that , but I don 't like to be cornered .
tr	O	Andrew gave his order and I decided to just have what he was having .
tr	I	I 'm really happy right now , but I don 't want to hurt you .
tr	I	Now he was doing the exact same thing , and I 'd driven myself half mad trying to please him .
tr	O	I hoped I wasn 't pushing my luck , but I needed a distraction that only music gave me .
tr	I	You 're ready now , but maybe you weren 't ready to do that before .
tr	O	The modules were already sitting in the transfer yard and there was no way to change the design .
tr	O	I saw an interesting side of your work , and now I should show you mine .
tr	I	I hoped there was no moon , and nothing stirred in the coming twilight .
tr	I	Now she had to do it by herself , but Miss Osbourne would have helped her get undressed .
tr	I	They believed and they listened .
tr	O	She had to be alive , and he needed to save her .
tr	O	Fergus did , and Myron explained .
tr	I	I had been feeling so good too , and damn .
tr	I	Folks who had not seen each other in a while got caught up on events , and people shared food they had brought along .
tr	I	Alix was stunned , and then Carol had arrived for class as cheerful as ever .
tr	O	He didn 't even blink , but she 'd scored a hit .
tr	I	The sun was nowhere in sight and 19 2 The night was clear .
tr	O	I knew he would open the can of tomato sauce right after that , and again , I wasn 't proved wrong .
tr	O	Things were happening in the world but I was watching them without seeing .
tr	O	All he had to do was think about it and the online world opened it up to him .
tr	O	Dion locked up the clinic for Max and we headed for his house .
tr	O	The GP hadn 't yet been formed - that was still decades down the road - and the Conseil Rouge retained power .
tr	I	We know how to dance , but we may have been the smallest , poorest district in Panem .
tr	O	She glanced around and her eyes popped .
tr	I	I have felt like a fool ever since for trying to make him notice me and John was so different .
tr	I	She was missing a big hunk of something between her ears , but it wasn 't exactly nice .
tr	I	Her hair was frizzy and she was pale .
tr	O	When they reach me , their large , lofty bodies block out the sunlight and the temperature descends in the shadows .
tr	O	I 'll be watching through the doorway , but you can stand far enough away so you can have some privacy .
tr	I	It came from a dying man which she loved the most , and she never thought that a guy would tell her that she was beautiful .
tr	O	His jugular went in a jetting , jumping explosion and he was dragged away , head lolling .
tr	O	His face was flushed a bright red and his bulged eyes held a look of fright in them .
tr	O	He glances over his shoulder , and I take advantage by fleeing .
tr	I	Every information he could give her , could be worth more than the greatest treasure in the world and she was curious about his plans .
tr	O	Susan pulled the blanket over him , but his teeth continued chattering .
tr	I	The white bear on it didn 't have a single scratch on it , but the flag wasn 't in a very good condition .
tr	O	The driveway of the house still stood empty , and Grace blew out a long breath .
tr	O	It 's been two weeks and they haven 't found anything .
tr	I	A stretch I 'm willing to investigate further , but it 's a stretch .
tr	O	Of finding a temporary partner for sex one night and then leaving to find a new one the next .
tr	O	Her mind whirled with the possibility and she didn 't immediately realize Carolyn was speaking .
tr	O	The door slid aside , and a man stepped out .
tr	I	I don 't want him to stop , but he shouldn 't say things like that .
tr	O	She didn 't feel like she could go much longer without food , and she was sure Josh was losing too much blood .
tr	O	I 'm beginning to hate sex and I haven 't had it yet .
tr	I	Claire felt her heartbeat quicken and at last there were signs to the airport .
tr	I	I realize I am tired and the excitement of the hunt has begun to leave .
tr	I	Her cheeks grew red with embarrassment and her words come out too fast .
tr	O	They 're hunting by scent , and yours was all over Jake .
tr	I	I felt slightly exposed coming down from a roller coaster orgasm and his eyes were on me .
tr	O	The wooden slats were cracked from moisture and he bent to smell the sloshing water .
tr	O	There are the two wisest of us who know every answer to every question , but they don 't speak .
tr	O	We look exactly the same , and we have the same birthday .
tr	I	When she was gone , I cursed , and she turned into the bedroom on the right .
tr	I	He moaned into my lips , and my hand ran along the smoothness .
tr	O	I am not normally superstitious , but I can 't explain that .
tr	I	Sebastian muttered a curse , and Murdoch 's lips parted .
tr	O	Jennifer was probably already in the office or she 'd done something at her home .
tr	O	My heart beat painfully fast , but I kept breathing as steadily as I could .
tr	O	Grace looked down at Macy 's face and she wished the woman would stop talking .
tr	I	We 're going to the concert hall , but don 't get me wrong , your clothes are cute .
tr	O	An hour went by and Frannie finished the polishing .
tr	O	Some trees she 'd passed earlier had begun to send out spring growth , but not a one of these had done so .
tr	O	The door opened with little effort and I moved out of the car .
tr	O	The bikini she was wearing was much like the one she wore in the hot tub but the top of this one was strapless .
tr	I	I 'm enjoying the single life again and I got a divorce four years ago .
tr	I	Becca pulled her close with her free arm and she leaned her head into Becca 's chest .
tr	O	Even I think I sound stupid , and Never Lies just grunts in amusement .
tr	I	The feeling that I failed crushes my chest , but when I step into the sunlight , I breathe freely .
tr	I	She wiped them away and happy tears rolled down her cheeks .
tr	I	I needed more information but I had some possibilities running through my mind .
tr	O	He yelled , backed away , waving his arm violently , but the fog stuck , seemed to pull at him .
tr	O	Her gaze fell on the vile meal she had spread out between them , and she stiffened her back .
tr	I	I try to hide my disappointment , and as the door swings open my hand drops to my side .
tr	I	Her support softened his features , and Julia laid her hand over his .
tr	I	It was not my desire to do so , but it was in my power .
tr	O	She emerged into something that resembled a small back yard , but mostly she noticed it was a dead-end .
tr	I	Trajan was forced to eat a medium steak instead of a rare one but Ashe didn 't mind that his prime rib had cooked a little more .
tr	I	It 's tiny , and as far as I can tell , this is the only motel in Baker .
tr	I	Some light still slips through the shutters in the kitchen , but the gel blacks out any natural daylight in the front .
tr	I	He laughed as he walked away and I rolled my eyes at him .
tr	I	She didn 't want to make it any worse , and his frustration mounted with each swing of the ax .
tr	O	It slumps and I rise .
tr	O	The men were carrying something and one of the women had a huge wad of white material in her hands .
tr	O	My mom went looking for him right after he left , but she came back telling me she couldn 't find him .
tr	I	Olivia kept a tight grasp , but Sarah tried to pull away .
tr	I	I draw my eyes up , and there 's a metallic glint to the left .
tr	O	She 'll be safe soon , and I 'll be strong .
tr	I	That voice tells me to go and I answer to a higher voice than any here .
tr	I	He fell asleep and his eyes shut .
tr	O	He 's in better shape than me , and he hasn 't been beaten like March .
tr	I	I laughed joyfully through my tears , and all the joy in the universe descended upon me in that incredible moment .
tr	I	He knew she 'd already stayed at the farm as long as she could tolerate , and standing , she dropped a quick kiss on his cheek .
tr	I	She wondered if Willard would still be there and it was after shift by the time she reached the morgue .
tr	O	Quinn seemed to pull his attention from me with reluctance , but he kept his arm along the booth at my back .
tr	I	David answered me anyway , but it wasn 't a question .
tr	I	We all went home , and we had a fight .
tr	I	Now I felt exhausted again , but I 'd enjoyed talking to Anna .
tr	O	Nikolai 's hooded gaze suddenly froze over , as if her surprise offended him , and Sam wondered what he 'd expected her reaction would be .
tr	I	Noodle would sniff it out in a microsecond , but Tommy was going to leave his bag under the chair with the books .
tr	O	If there are more attacks like that , people will want revenge , and that means pressure to punish Louisiana .
tr	O	He felt certain her hair would be dark , and whimsically he imagined freckles .
tr	O	Jared 's smile faded , and he gritted his teeth .
tr	I	He didn 't , but she waited for him to make a joke out of her admission .
tr	O	Doyle steps into the waiting area and my nurse wanders away without even saying goodbye .
tr	O	The important thing about a war is winning it , and we will win this one .
tr	I	A faint light was coming from a Care Bear nightlight , and the plum curtains were pulled closed , blocking out the sun .
tr	O	The shotgun lay not far from where he 'd fallen , and Diego scooped it up as he walked toward the jeep .
tr	O	Kaspar passed by and his eyes snapped to meet mine .
tr	O	He might not think I was alive , but he wasn 't taking any chances either .
tr	I	He was killed as well , but there was a third prisoner .
tr	I	He closed the door behind him , and Iain was the last one in .
tr	I	I wasn 't getting it , or he wasn 't getting it .
tr	I	She huddled against the cosy blanket and he went out .
tr	I	He had a likeness to go on and he had a description of the daughter .
tr	I	I need to practice that so I can control it , but the fire starting thing really scares me .
tr	O	He 'd tried to give her an injection , but she 'd refused that too .
tr	O	That made no sense to her and she wasn 't even going to waste time trying to force it to make sense either .
tr	O	I love her , Kate , and I 've never loved you .
tr	O	His staff 's coldness shouldn 't bother me , but it did .
tr	O	I packed a carry on bag and that was all I took with me along with my computer .
tr	I	I could not take my eyes off of him , and he pulled me with him across the dance floor .
tr	I	I had a very hard time remembering the argument I 'd laid out only seconds ago in my head , and my muscles flexed involuntarily .
tr	O	I also want you to call me Grady , or you 'll pay later for ignoring my request .
tr	O	Soon I 'm sprinting as fast as I can go , but Henry catches up anyway .
tr	O	She had wanted to retain the poor girl as a bodyguard , but she couldn 't come up with a good reason .
tr	I	He 'd used the information wisely , and an early developer , she 'd been mortified by his discovery .
tr	O	Until now , Susannah had avoided it , but she couldn 't put it off forever .
tr	O	The teenager pulled out another rotting apple , raised his arm , and the soldier jumped , knocking the boy to the ground .
tr	I	If so , he 's knocking on the right door ... and maybe he 's all about bad girls deep down .
tr	O	Trenton immediately stopped , breathing hard , and Clay retreated quickly to his shiny black truck .
tr	O	He was expecting a meal , and she didn 't have anything to serve him .
tr	O	It 's a little complicated , but I think I can explain .
tr	I	She felt her pride rising in defense , and Alessia sensed that she had somehow evoked this woman 's pity .
tr	I	She couldn 't put a name to the face , but Austin followed his gaze to see a slightly familiar girl .
tr	O	Henry hadn 't married me out of love , and I 'd known that from the beginning .
tr	I	I was married now , but I used to be so worried about my grandparents seeing me kiss like this .
tr	O	No horror in existence could surpass This frozen cruelty , the sun of ice , Or months of night like Chaos come at last .
tr	O	I gave her the address , and she agreed to come as soon as possible .
tr	I	Jokes about your ridiculous standards and he laughs ( his remarkable laugh ) .
tr	I	Ten minutes later he 'd still received no response , but again , he texted her .
tr	O	It had been nearly twenty years since he had made a tackle , but you never lose the skill .
tr	O	He was a good man , and going against his word clearly bothered him .
tr	O	Sometimes when it 's quiet , my mind wanders to the possibility of having lost her , and what I would have done .
tr	I	His arm was clamped hard around her thighs , making it impossible , but she tried to push into his hungry mouth .
tr	O	She cared nothing about herself , but Nicolae was everything to her .
tr	I	Whoever she was with had seen us together at some point , and Allie was close .
tr	O	Her back throbbed , and she could feel the wetness of her blood soaking her shirt .
tr	O	Delilah knew everything about him and he knew nothing about her .
tr	I	She 'd never thought it actually would be , but she 'd dreamed it would be like this .
tr	O	I tried to divert Mo from that way of thinking but he said I just didn 't understand .
tr	O	I 'd never been to Ireland , but I could hear green hills in his voice .
tr	O	Johnnie was ready to rush in there , but Bobcat continued to hold him still .
tr	O	His throat was tight and his insides felt ruined .
tr	I	I think again about the car , and I am slowly being buried alive .
tr	O	He loses his concentration and I drop back to the ground .
tr	O	I tried to sound confident , but I had a good idea of how boys were .
tr	I	She 'd had a recent call that Elizabeth must have answered , and there were several missed calls from Randy .
tr	O	The women I 'd been spending time with over the last few years didn 't do subtle and until very recently I liked it that way .
tr	O	Another man jumped upon the rope , and it swung like a pendulum .
tr	O	There was a long moment when I wondered if I was going to get my ass kicked , but gradually the suspense ratcheted down .
tr	I	Facts were facts , but Caleb wasn 't a lot more comfortable saying it .
tr	O	Her eyes widened , and her face brightened .
tr	I	She shook it off , but an image of Marc surfaced .
tr	O	She knew the effect she had when we looked at her , and her mouth curled into a satisfied little smile .
tr	O	I felt hands on both arms , and one pair cupping my head .
tr	I	I thought I 'd done a pretty decent job plucking my own eyebrows , but I realized my nails were a lost cause .
tr	I	I got hard just thinking about what you had on under that coat and I sat there watching you sip that vodka .
tr	I	They only had one knife , and Bryson had lost his backpack .
tr	O	She 'd finally gotten used to him being gone , and now here he was shaking up her life all over again .
tr	I	His eyes looked blankly ahead as if he were waiting for me to scream , and his jaw was clenched .
tr	I	Bunt growled softly and they were travelling slowly .
tr	O	I felt a stab to my heart and it rose up to a lump in my throat .
tr	O	Her eyes went wide and her mouth dropped open .
tr	I	Half listened to his end of the conversation and I sat in the chair alongside his desk .
tr	I	She waves him over and they make eye contact .
tr	O	A bug was crawling up his arm , and a few more were on his chest .
tr	O	The light flipped on and I blinked , surprised .
tr	O	' Thanks , Sean , but I 'd like to skip the formalities .
tr	I	Sometimes I need a drink as much as the next guy , but I follow the same rules I give out .
tr	O	My parents were bohemians , and we really never fit in with our kind .
tr	I	That could be used to Dominic 's advantage , and the man really didn 't like the visitors .
tr	I	Sarah looked forward to preparing for the holidays , but it was a particularly cold winter that year with constant accumulating snows .
tr	O	Nothing too bad , like broken bones , but he certainly got violent .
tr	O	The others scoffed , but the scholar continued .
tr	O	He clasped his arms round her neck , and they kissed each other .
tr	I	His dad just squeezed him harder and Danny pretended to choke .
tr	O	His fingertips brushed her shoulder and she trembled .
tr	I	He worked hard moving furniture so I forgave him somewhat for being a generally unpleasant person but Todd didn 't like any of my family .
tr	O	There was a heavy thud that made me think of the sound of the knife burying itself in Humboldt 's skull , and then the cook screamed .
tr	O	He could feel the distance between them and he had no idea how to cross it .
tr	I	At the moment I was too pissed off to care , but I wouldn 't be surprised if my ass was hanging out .
tr	O	He elbowed me , and I rolled my eyes .
tr	I	You 're a unique exception or it looks like you would block it .
tr	O	He offered her a quick wink and he was gone .
tr	O	I would have never guessed the the dress would pop even more with shiny navy shoes , but I was no stylist .
tr	I	My heart skipped a beat and his fingers moved , twisting a lock .
tr	O	They were covered in blood and they both were looking down at Katie in disbelief , shock maybe .
tr	O	Another steamy bath would have been nice , but the running water might disturb the baby .
tr	O	Once , Ramsey had not only been Duncan 's best friend , but he had also been the best vampire hunter in the business .
tr	O	His hand fell from my nape and we just stared at each other .
tr	I	Before he knew what had happened , he was facedown on the floor , on his belly , and I don 't take well to violence .
tr	O	People would talk , but the news cannot come from anywhere near you .
tr	O	Another thrust , then one more , and they both spiraled out of control .
tr	I	Her breathing became uneven and Sabre 's skin flushed .
tr	O	It was a late hit , but no penalty flags were thrown .
tr	I	The way she felt at that moment she wasn 't prepared to deal with his parents , and Mary wasn 't wearing any clothes .
tr	I	Images of her childhood leapt into his brain , and she opened her mind again to him .
tr	O	He starts to lie down beside me , but I stop him .
tr	O	Sure , I might have dates in the future , but they sure as hell wouldn 't be with her .
tr	I	Nothing else seemed to disturb the quiet night but the slight whistling of the wind through the sails made a haunting noise .
tr	O	Hang the freaking phone up or I will beat the hell out of you .
tr	I	Its absence wouldn 't have gone unappreciated too , but it wasn 't exactly bad to look at .
tr	O	I imagine the painting is the cello and my hand is the bow .
tr	I	I began the game so it wasn 't his fault , but if I could read his mind , I might cringe .
tr	I	She was filled with excitement she was going to have another child but she knew it was too soon .
tr	O	I caught Derek 's eye and we both broke out giggling .
tr	O	My head was still spinning from what Marshall had just done and I couldn 't even think straight .
tr	O	She had thought to feel guilty , but that hadn 't happened , either .
tr	I	She refused to rise to the intentional jibes this time , but she heard Malik make several pointed comments in her direction .
tr	I	Maybe he would be able to get a decent start there , and the cloud porpoises seemed much more interesting than his old home .
tr	O	He was as inscrutable as ever , and I was left alone with myself .
tr	O	Drogheda 's face gets all stern and she points a finger at me .
tr	I	The doors keep my enemies out , and the sun can 't touch me .
tr	O	I would have done it for free , but she insisted on paying for the travel expenses .
tr	O	He had short , curly brown hair , and he looked harmless enough .
tr	O	They walked along a small cobblestone path , and soon they were inside a labyrinth of hedges , protected from outside view .
tr	O	She was smart enough to know her father 's status had everything to do with their actions , but she 'd grown used to being in charge .
tr	I	We enjoyed the warmth of each other for most of the morning and he put his arm around me .
tr	I	He grinned and I giggled .
tr	O	Guilt tugged at her , but she ignored it .
tr	I	He didn 't want it , and reality was intruding into his world .
tr	I	Her eyes narrowed on me , and she stepped into the room .
tr	I	A little sound of discomfort yelped between my lips and his fingers probed around .
tr	I	Everything was beginning to make sense , and Courtney was waking up now .
tr	I	He kept his eyes on Paulette as she nodded in agreement with Amber , but Amber reassured Michael that everything was fine .
tr	O	Nicolas called out from the ground , having fallen backwards after a final tug on Tara 's arm and successfully pulling her out from under the demon .
tr	O	Trajan rises from the bed and absently I move to the side to let him walk past .
tr	O	Jess did not look at her again , but Alex knew what she 'd seen .
tr	I	I could read his expression , and he was looking at me .
tr	O	You 're everything I 've ever wanted in a woman , and I 've spent a hell of a long time looking .
tr	O	None of the men said anything , but Jason could tell by their expressions that they were not happy about their current situation .
tr	O	Sweat broke out on Mad Rogan 's face , yet a serene , calm expression claimed his face .
tr	I	Fear started to mix with my irritation , and he was hitting too close to home .
tr	I	Peter bowed , and the three reached each other .
tr	I	I grabbed the railing just in time , but I crawled backward so fast that I almost pitched myself overboard .
tr	I	I wondered all the same ... but he had slept with Fade .
tr	O	Oh , I tried once , to tell Aisling , but she looked so puzzled that I gave it up .
tr	O	There was so much joy there ... and I 'd found that joy again .
tr	I	His chest rumbles with a groan against me , and I place a small kiss there , so he knows that my stopping wasn 't a rejection .
tr	I	She let out a sigh , shifting restlessly and just then her eyelashes fluttered .
tr	O	I stopped between them , but J.C. just grunted .
tr	I	I was unable to but I wanted to look away .
tr	O	Zach was saved by his ringing phone , and he padded out of the dressing room hallway to take the call .
tr	O	Andrew used all his strength to save me and the three of you seemed to glow with the intensity of your efforts .
tr	I	They knew nothing out of it and their life was within that circle .
tr	O	He could barely hear his voice as a whisper but it did not stop the men from doing their work .
tr	O	I stayed a few nights in High Park after that , but I found it creepy .
tr	I	She dove down it at breakneck speed and finally one opened onto a dimly lit back staircase .
tr	O	I somewhat understood everything she said , but I knew I was missing why any of it was important .
tr	I	Fear was the main emotion I saw , but glancing over at him , there was a little bit of excitement on his face .
tr	I	This made her even more puzzled , and it worked .
tr	I	She 'd gotten this far , but she wasn 't playing fair .
tr	I	Autumn smacked her butt as she went past and Summer followed , making kissy faces at her .
tr	O	No vampires in sight , but then Claire wouldn 't expect there to be so close to noon .
tr	O	Ghost had his thigh wrapped with cloth , and I knew he was going to be okay .
tr	I	I don 't want to have to sit at the table yet , but it 's done .
tr	O	I wrap my lips around the lime wedge she holds between her teeth and I suck every last drop of juice from it .
tr	O	I walked her to the subway stop and I kissed her goodbye .
tr	O	His jaw tightened and he glanced away .
tr	I	You never seemed to feel the same , but for years I imagined us being together .
tr	I	Now I knew differently , but at the time I thought he was taking it down a thousand notches so that I knew I was improving .
tr	I	There was a deep line between her eyebrows and her mouth was twisted .
tr	O	Her voice was strictly neutral , but she didn 't like it .
tr	O	He 's a good-looking guy and you 're an intelligent woman .
tr	I	She was aware of him , but she shivered continually .
tr	I	The golden flames suddenly wrapped around Baal , and Alyosha roared again .
tr	I	He leapt to his feet , and St. John 's nostrils flared .
tr	O	He opened his eyes and when he saw me standing by the window he managed to smile as though nothing had happened .
tr	I	They wondered how much he knew , and they were sure it was Fitch .
tr	O	He moved in closer and she leaned back because she couldn 't move with the railing pressing against her spine .
tr	I	They were soft , but her tits were not only on the generous side .
tr	I	She just had to break it that one time for Joe , but her rule was to never date guys from work .
tr	I	It was enough to keep them from getting in any easier , but it wasn 't much .
tr	I	My vision suddenly goes dark and Pain shoots up my wrist as my palm strikes the concrete .
tr	O	We paddled backward as fast as we could , but it wasn 't going to work .
tr	I	She noticed the two soldiers opposite her become alarmed , and mountains encircled the settlement .
tr	I	I felt a spark of excitement at the prospect , but I wouldn 't have guessed it would be appealing .
tr	O	It was a Watermelon Queen dress , and when Haley grew up , she was going to be a Watermelon Queen .
tr	O	It worked well in theory , but to physically carry it out was entirely different .
tr	O	I exited the box , needing some air , and everyone followed .
tr	O	Every few months there was a meeting to discuss community affairs , and although Sandy knew little about it he intended to go .
tr	O	Next was Daniel 's turn , and I had a feeling he was going to make it as painful as possible .
tr	I	I supposed healthy was the best thing , but I didn 't know what a doctor might say while looking at my lady parts .
tr	I	Amy playfully pulled at Bill and they stepped into the shower .
tr	O	Genie shrugged , and Donnie tended to agree .
tr	I	You want to believe that we can be and we want to be thoughtful .
tr	O	We search the house , but Seth isn 't anywhere .
tr	O	Colt may act like Van was perfect , but every woman has some flaws .
tr	I	I knew it had been much shorter than that , but it seemed as if we were down there endlessly .
tr	I	He 'd just returned it to me last week , and I had lent the anthology to one of the kids I tutored .
tr	O	That wasn 't necessarily a bad thing , but when it came to a game like House Guests ?
tr	I	I suppose I can 't be mad at the instruments of Fate and the Fates decreed hard times for them .
tr	O	Sounds like a serial killer , but I 'm not one to judge .
tr	I	I bobbed my head , but the question threw me .
tr	I	I saw his good side , but he could be arrogant .
tr	I	Then she ate , and Luna turned her iPod volume a little higher .
tr	O	My name 's Envelope and I 'll be taking your call today .
tr	O	With everyone else he had always been able to keep their emotions , and inner personality blocked out if he didn 't want to feel them .
tr	O	He snarled at them , but they held him fast .
tr	O	That either meant she was getting margarita 'd - up , or she was just having a really , really good time .
tr	O	He started toward Lem , but Bill grabbed his arm , pulling him into the bedroom .
tr	O	He never lost sleep over what the next day would bring , and for the most part he didn 't dwell on the past .
tr	I	Then I didn 't see her , and she was in the bathroom for a long time .
tr	O	Not right now anyway and she was frightened he may never be there again .
tr	I	Heading to his room and with that he was off the couch again .
tr	I	His eyes suddenly landed on me , and Chase looked out in the crowd .
tr	I	Then let out a short laugh and I gaped at him .
tr	I	He came home to England and eventually my parents persuaded them to let him go .
tr	O	It looked like an inn floor , but it wasn 't .
tr	O	I love your brothers dearly , but you will always hold more of my heart than anyone else .
tr	I	The closer his hand got to her , the less her arm hurt , but maybe it had been her imagination .
tr	O	Sebastian was sitting on one of the thrones and I was sitting on the other .
tr	I	No word has come back yet , but I sent two pairs of scouts down the trail .
tr	O	A wave of nausea hit me , and my fists clenched .
tr	O	The fire on the dock was dying out as men beat at it , but the burning ships were lighting up the night .
tr	O	Dad said no to the idea at first , but Mom 's like a stubborn tulip in April .
tr	O	She is probably still on the missing persons list and you can find her in my sister 's grave .
tr	I	The next second , I was angry for not getting it on my own , and one second , I was happy to be there .
tr	I	Laughing when it blew my hair into my face , or feeling the wind blow his shaggy hair around his head .
tr	I	None of the unmarried men of their village had courted her either and there had been no brothers to undertake this duty for his father .
tr	O	She had one hand on her hip , and her toe was tapping .
tr	I	These stayed clear of Nathan 's band , but they had seen some locals recently .
tr	O	I know exactly what I weigh ( 102 pounds ) , but I won 't let on that I care .
tr	I	He shoved it back down but the word rang in his head loudly .
tr	O	It hadn 't gone well , and she hadn 't gone back .
tr	O	It doesn 't seem as impersonal as I thought it would be , and it 's cleaner , too .
tr	I	What choice did he have ; but it was a terrible way to raise a family , a terrible way to live ?
tr	I	Every last agent will die , and he will come with a vengeance .
tr	O	He always seemed to know what she was thinking , and this was embarrassing enough to tell herself .
tr	O	She was the one friend in Texas I was closest to , but she was actually best friends with another girl .
tr	I	She did not know how good Micah was but Parker was one of the best players in the state of Washington .
tr	I	Slowly , painfully managed to turn my head enough to watch the wizard and I landed with a crash .
tr	O	Nick went into the shower and I went back to sleep .
tr	O	Malcolm remembered their mom , but Philip recalled nearly nothing .
tr	O	Chase 's eyes met hers and she decided he needed the truth .
tr	O	I had never been to Paul 's home before and I was surprised to see that it was enormous .
tr	I	I turned around to see who was so happy and my brooding over Seth was broken by a girl 's giggle .
tr	I	I just needed the demons , but more like two hundred would do .
tr	I	Sometimes I think he will , but he doesn 't hit me .
tr	I	So precise was the modulation his flesh tingled with it , but Ship 's voice had taken on an air of camaraderie .
tr	O	He was having way too much fun at his new job and I was elated for him .
tr	I	It excited him and he could smell it oozing from the bodies around him .
tr	O	Emma scrambled to muffle the iPhone , but it was too late .
tr	I	I can drive out but I 'm in Albany .
tr	I	He would do as he was ordered , but Brent would argue .
tr	I	She had always wanted to feel if he was as strong as he looked , and he had a solid contact .
tr	I	I could swear it was from the stress of three years ago and her hair had turned a blinding shade of white .
tr	O	Anyway , I hope you 'll think this is good news , but I may be able to come back to the camp .
tr	O	It had been the last time we made love , and the last time I 'd seen him really smile .
tr	I	He really enjoyed doing it and he charged a decent rate .
tr	I	I could see confusion mingled in her eyes with the tears and she glanced up at me .
tr	I	He shoved it off and the man placed an arm on Luke 's shoulder .
tr	O	While smaller than the palm islands , the flower seemed almost delicate , and as we drew closer I saw each individual island was actually very large .
tr	O	He had picked locks on occasion , but he 'd always locked them again behind him .
tr	I	Our supplies are getting low , and we 've been some time on the road .
tr	I	The blood bond brought him back , but matthias had not grown up on the Island like most of the brothers .
tr	O	A quick glance was enough for her to dismiss Khloe , but the woman gave Gene a long hard stare .
tr	I	She hoped so , but whether her father would be in tow , she couldn 't be sure .
tr	I	The pain would be over and at least then he 'd know he 'd be dead soon .
tr	O	Yes , I could provide for them financially , far beyond the average person 's dreams , but I wanted to be more than a bank account .
tr	O	I dreamed of it nearly every night but I never dared mention it to him .
tr	I	His eyes bore into me , but his face is in shadow .
tr	O	There were a staircase leading lower in the far corner , and my mind went to it first .
tr	I	His face creases as though he 's bothered by the thought , and he 's looking down at his own half-eaten apple .
tr	I	Hell , maybe we even knew each other , and perhaps my mother did live beneath London 's streets with me .
tr	I	He clearly had his own life , but it was nice that he talked to me .
tr	O	Loneliness surely makes one think , but it hardly lets one fly .
tr	I	I was really starting to worry , but I wanted to respect his privacy .
tr	I	Dark fudge piled high atop a pewter plate , and a large tray appeared with ceramic mugs , one frothy pitcher .
tr	O	Jack pulled Max back a step , but the other man remained immobile as he watched them intently .
tr	I	What could she do , but Trisha did not want to think that way .
tr	O	I grabbed Jessie 's arm , but he pulled away from me .
tr	O	The rain was more of a downpour , but he was unfazed .
tr	O	You will build and you will make .
tr	I	He sure knew the way to a girl 's heart , but vampire he might be .
tr	I	There may be similarities between the two of you but I know you have never seen a photo of him .
tr	O	He scowled down at me and a muscle jumped in his cheek .
tr	O	The tears spilled over , and I faced him desperately .
tr	I	We 're wasting time bowling , and Dracula could be getting ready to descend upon Manhattan at any moment !
tr	I	I was used to her temper , but the Valkyrie kept glaring at me .
tr	O	It was cooler here and the crickets were already chirping .
tr	O	He then looked back at Christine , but the spell had been broken that special magic moment had gone forever .
tr	O	His body was so warm , so close , and the last thin threads of my reserves melted away .
tr	I	If I refused , Maximus could stay locked in this dungeon for centuries , but I 'd sooner face a firing squad than go there .
tr	O	The mouse clicked into action and Stuart leant forward to read directly from the screen .
tr	I	She smiled and she turned to her colleague .
tr	I	She certainly wasn 't going to start down that road tonight , and had never been the insecure type either .
tr	I	Even friends change , grow , even a man like me can mature when he 's ready , but we 've been friends for years .
tr	I	Her cheeks were flushed pink and her eyes looked wild with desire .
tr	O	She 'd just need a little of his blood , and she 'd heal .
tr	O	Ian didn 't answer directly , but then , Ian never did .
tr	I	He 'd far rather walk than drive and he didn 't care about the car .
tr	I	They could be a family , and his brother could meet Annabelle .
tr	I	I felt entranced under the spell of its beauty , and he crisscrossed the blaze to create a repetitive pattern .
tr	I	You will behave properly , from now on NO more compassion for anyone inferior to you and you are my child .
tr	O	He seemed so sincere in his change ... but I 'd believed him before , only to be deceived .
tr	O	She often teased him about his appearance , but his non-conventional looks were one of the things that had drawn her to him in the first place .
tr	I	She didn 't want to say no to her friends , but she didn 't dare go downstairs to ask her parents .
tr	I	It had somehow been exploded into something of monstrous proportions by the arguments it had caused , but the problem itself was not a large one .
tr	I	He could actually see her freeze up and she turned to look at him .
tr	I	I tuck them back behind my ears , and strands of hair stick to my face .
tr	I	It constantly plagued his thin skin , and he hated the cold .
tr	O	Despair washed over her and she reached out to lay a hand on the bark .
tr	O	She tried to step away , but there really wasn 't much room to move .
tr	I	She blinked them away and they pricked her eyelids .
tr	O	Paul lay on the ground , his expression set in lines of pain , but he made no sound .
tr	O	The kiss was nice and she wanted another , one that lingered , rather than a brush in passing .
tr	O	It burned his hands and he almost dropped it .
tr	O	My arms reached underneath his and I held on to the back of his shoulders with my fingernails dug deep into his skin .
tr	I	He hurt himself a couple of times , and he 's been afraid to be outside .
tr	O	Only a few were allowed into the village and those that had the privilege were heavily detected .
tr	I	Suds appeared and grinning , he rubbed his hands together .
tr	I	Chill bumps were predominant on her skin and she shivered .
tr	O	Nick said nothing as she wept in his arms , but his hands rhythmically stroked her back .
tr	I	Anyone coming in the front door would have a direct view of the space and he could open them .
tr	I	They took their chances on letting it spread , but it was an interesting experiment .
tr	O	The healer is on his way , and my brother is determined to keep the cities free of vampires .
tr	O	I hated frowning , but I frowned now .
tr	O	For a second , she thought she saw a ghost of a bitter little smile , but it was gone before she could be sure .
tr	I	The bed slowly rose , then vanished , but I went to the bed to sit .
tr	I	Most of the citizens here weren 't trained to fight , either , but it didn 't seem sporting when the creatures had no ranged weapons .
tr	O	The truth might be more than I could handle , but I knew it would change everything .
tr	O	I went to steady myself , but the blackness swept me up .
tr	I	I do enough crazy stuff in my forays into the tunnels , but it 's not a very ambitious schedule .
tr	O	The shore was reached only by scaling the cliff , but a small beach area was present at low tides .
tr	O	She didn 't leave me enough to discover her , but she left me enough to rediscover the Great Perhaps .
tr	I	I pushed it down , but panic rose again .
tr	I	He moved amiably forward and Sarah tightened her calves against Dan 's sides .
tr	O	He might get me too , but that would be just fine .
tr	I	I 'd acquiesce as far as necessary to get my job done , whatever that might be , and he was my boss .
tr	O	His body might return to Boston , but his heart would forever remain behind in England .
tr	I	Old habits die hard , but I have largely forgotten my mother 's faith .
tr	I	The atmosphere between them had changed , but they worked in somewhat comfortable silence .
tr	O	Hayley had a dark side and it was coming out .
tr	I	The lull of the engine is all I hear , but I feel his chest contract , like he gasped .
tr	O	He didn 't stop me , and I didn 't stop him .
tr	I	You threw it away and you took our love .
tr	I	I don 't see that as a bad thing , and it 'll make people happier .
tr	O	I ran from home eleven years ago but I couldn 't leave everything behind .
tr	I	He saw nothing because the city had faded behind a soft mist that held a terrible clarity ... and he saw everything .
tr	I	She didn 't understand why but Laci was nervous .
tr	I	The book remained closed , but he placed it in his hand that way now , in the dark , as a sort of a somber joke .
tr	I	She frowned , and then she realized it was a graze .
tr	O	He could give advice , solve problems , but he had yet to learn how to deal with conflict .
tr	O	My guess is , they knocked him out , and he 'll be fine once he sleeps it off .
tr	I	She overheard the secretaries talking about it , and Tanya went in to get her homework this morning from the office .
tr	I	It 's still a good story , but it 's related to what really happened only by implication .
tr	O	She was getting far too used to having him around and the realization pissed her off to no end .
tr	O	Hecate screamed , and I knew then it would work .
tr	I	My hand fell on hers like dead wood , and I swallowed .
tr	I	The lock gave way without a sound and he depressed the handle with his thumb .
tr	I	Glowing hotly under the restraint , but Robert 's jealous fury was banked .
tr	I	He has a crooked smile , and his face is too craggy .
tr	I	Rosa smiled immediately at Godwin , but Lea was shocked .
tr	O	He pressed a button and it closed up tight .
tr	I	He needed someone 's but he may not need her blood .
tr	I	Farmers didn 't have portraits painted , and he had been a Scottish farmer .
tr	O	I knew Jill was just a flight of stairs away , but Adrian was more difficult .
tr	I	Today this was welcoming , but perhaps in the past this would scare me .
tr	I	I don 't even see a safe , and none of the desk drawers are locked .
tr	O	I hadn 't known how to reply to Woods 's advice , but it wouldn 't stop replaying in my head .
tr	I	He thought that they had hidden her near that spot , and he said he had killed a very tall blond girl .
tr	I	I should be screaming down the house for help and I haven 't decided if you 're a certified nutcase .
tr	I	I am now involved in events beyond my hopes to fully know , and my heart is unsettled .
tr	I	I heard the hollow clack of footsteps ascending the staircase , and voices moved through the walls .
tr	O	She had been eager to cross , but once she was on the bridge she was filled with terror .
tr	I	I wanted it perfect , and the shading was difficult .
tr	I	The plane flew overhead and they all ran into the foliage .
tr	O	Something was taking over my body and I couldn 't do anything to stop it .
tr	O	My eyes darted to Este , catching my mistake but he only smiled .
tr	I	I feel no emotion at all at the sight , and Chapter 10 Knox is coming into view before me .
tr	I	He visited the best spots and her mouth was familiar territory .
tr	I	The words won 't come , but I want to apologize , to explain .
tr	O	Guess you could take the boy out of the street fights , but you couldn 't take the street fighter out of the boy .
tr	I	Instantly , Julie looked about for Greg , and they followed her voice inside .
tr	O	I raised my own to shoot him but the first boy pitched forward for me .
tr	O	I drew in a measured breath , then slowly and calmly released every molecule of air .
tr	I	A hard , cold object pressed between her shoulder blades , but Emma tried to wrench away .
tr	O	Everyone had a job to do , and they got to it .
tr	O	This would probably come back to haunt me , but I wasn 't willing to let him go .
tr	I	A spy must embrace the unexpected , but I am lying .
tr	I	They wanted to send her there , and they thought the dormitories a terrible place to live ?
tr	I	I 'm jolted , and she lifts her eyes to me .
tr	I	The house was lit , but Night had fallen again .
tr	O	She paled , and her arms dropped to her sides as she shrank back in her chair .
tr	O	I have control and she knows it .
tr	O	The Boston compound was safe for no one now , but there was no need for Hunter to say it .
tr	I	He still came to find me , but I had broken that heart once .
tr	O	My eyes were filling with tears , but I couldn 't let them fall .
tr	I	It probably won 't be the last and this isn 't the first time he 's had to pick me up under these kinds of circumstances .
tr	I	I don 't think I can mix the two , and Maryanne knows the other me , not this one .
tr	I	Tobias shrugged , but I looked toward Ivy , who seemed skeptical .
tr	O	We finished our dinner and I drove Amelia home .
tr	I	He will be able to take me home , and his car will be in the parking lot .
tr	I	He grabbed it , but I began to lower my hand .
tr	O	What he saw told him nothing , but her silence told him everything he needed to know .
tr	I	I 'm taking calculus and Tam has history this term .
tr	I	They all wanted to screw him , and most of those people were girls .
tr	O	She would hate for him to make such a decision for her , and she would never choose ignorance .
tr	O	I assume that they are both far taller than me , and they must be very uncomfortable .
tr	O	It wasn 't radiating any magic but that could change at any moment .
tr	I	There 's no reason for one to be preferable over another and any horse has four natural gaits - walk , trot , canter , gallop - .
tr	O	No light was getting through at all and without my sight my other senses seemed to magnify .
tr	O	She began to sweat but her face looked pale .
tr	I	Emotions fired and Adrenaline soared .
tr	O	I 'd made a choice and now I was about to pay for it .
tr	O	My bad luck would never let me get away that easy , and this time was no exception .
tr	O	Her Rosewood Day graduation was in an hour , but it wasn 't like the school was allowing her to take part in it .
tr	O	The fact was , they were at a stalemate , and the only way he could get out of it alive was to drop his weapon .
tr	I	Teresa was there to catch her , pull her back from the dangerous edge of the door , but Brenda fell to the side .
tr	I	She wore a content smile and her eyes sparkled .
tr	I	There was no way I could turn down this opportunity , but I doubted his true motives .
tr	O	There 's a faction council in each district , and he heads up the entire Eastern seaboard .
tr	I	I don 't really care , and I don 't know how .
tr	I	I turned to see him walking toward us and Mase 's heavy footsteps broke into my thoughts .
tr	I	The mission is wrapped , but Nice try , lover .
tr	I	I wasn 't about to be late for my own wedding , but I nearly tripped over my own feet .
tr	I	There was nothing , but she glanced around to check for signs of buildings .
tr	O	I cannot stop him , and you know that , Destiny .
tr	O	She 'd curled up on her side in an effort to stay warm and David covered her with a thin survival blanket he pulled from his pack .
tr	O	As he expected , the patch burst and it lost its light almost instantly .
tr	O	The speech was marvelous but the distrust of Russo by some of the dissenting priests was even greater .
tr	O	He slaps me on the back , hard and I can 't help lurching forward a bit .
tr	I	I logged back into the chat room under my assumed name and I grabbed my phone .
tr	O	Denny grabbed my waist and we moved closely together .
tr	O	It may have sounded gruff , but that was just her way .
tr	O	' Get well -- and return to us .
tr	O	I had once had the words , but now they fell through me , as if I were a defunct sieve .
tr	I	A general had famously relieved himself in that waterway and tanks were crossing the Rhine .
tr	I	It seemed closer to fifty , but the flight was five hours .
tr	I	Today its threats are not empty , but the Aether looked fierce last night .
tr	I	Snoring hard , but that stubborn bunion wasn 't budging a bit .
tr	O	Sebastian was in a plane - actually flying - and he could not give a damn .
tr	I	It shocks me a little and Daisy growls under her breath .
tr	O	His legs crumpled , and I shot him twice in the head as I stepped over him .
tr	I	They clung to each other and he held her close afterward .
tr	O	Angelina 's shoulders sank and she dropped her head .
tr	I	I was too afraid that he would know something was wrong , but I wanted to hear his voice , to feel it caress my mind .
tr	I	I suddenly want to devour every page and her eyes are like two open books .
tr	I	I fight it down , but Anger threatens me again .
tr	I	This guy was a total whacko , but I thought Kennan was bad .
tr	O	As they approached , it opened , and they passed through into a long chamber .
tr	I	There is absolutely no mention about my failed Take Back the Night project , and I work hard not to blush at his name .
tr	O	The maneuvering thrusters fired and he lurched against his restraints as he looked over at Mickey .
tr	I	We were both sweating and our breathing was stuttered .
tr	I	It 's moved to somewhere in California now , but until last month it was based in Orlando in Florida .
tr	O	Vincent hurried toward it and I followed behind him .
tr	I	There were few customers , and Ian could see that most of the locals felt the same .
tr	O	It wasn 't a slow song , but clearly her patience in waiting for a slow song was starting to wear thin .
tr	O	Chapter Five The members of the crew who had descended from the ship to collect McBride were both carrying pistols , but they needn 't have bothered .
tr	O	Paul released the pebbles from his hand and they splattered on to the sand .
tr	O	An unexpected storm had come over the lake and no one was experienced enough to feel comfortable about the large waves .
tr	O	His eyes slide up to meet mine and they stay there for a moment .
tr	O	Alex laughed as they escaped into the kitchen and the door swung closed behind them .
tr	I	They 're serious and she says she met someone .
tr	I	I had been given a butterfly comb from Nick 's mom before she left and I knew that I would keep my hair down during it .
tr	O	Aidan began running at him but he knew he wouldn 't make it in time .
tr	I	I 'm growing very tired of life and I 've lived several hundred years already .
tr	O	Three of them carried guns , but the other two didn 't .
tr	I	It was my fault she wasn 't coming too and clearly the whole thing was my fault .
tr	O	There were many similar buildings with four floors and if you didn 't know the area , you could easily get lost .
tr	O	Then he assured her that if she wanted to go home , he understood , and he would follow her .
tr	O	Annie thought to herself that Nate obviously hadn 't had much conversation with Miss Nancy , but he did have a point .
tr	O	I took as many back roads as I could but we lost precious minutes sitting perfectly still in traffic .
tr	I	Days to come and days gone by .
tr	I	I quickly shouted the third phrase but my strength was fading .
tr	O	He heard concern and it shook him deeply .
tr	O	Mat took his hand off and that made Steven feel better .
tr	I	Then at last I saw them backing out of the passage , but at first , no one came .
tr	I	She answered as Phyllis once again , and the display showed a number she vaguely recognized .
tr	O	I didn 't really turn Rick into a toad , but a toad appearing out of thin air carried the same effect .
tr	O	He thought it would probably be just about everybody , but all he himself was worried about was getting back home .
tr	I	The gulf between them was too great , but the pain in his eyes made her want to reach out to him , to touch him .
tr	I	The words drew my eyes directly to his , but he said it casually enough .
tr	I	His thoughts kept drifting back to his former career at the Ironwood Flats Nuclear Power Plant , but Daniel wanted to sleep .
tr	O	Something light brushed against me again and it caused my skin to contract .
tr	O	Well , it was him , but he wouldn 't do something like that .
tr	O	He informed him that something had happened at SITA , and all signs were pointing that it was Stewart .
tr	I	I did , but I didn 't want to , mainly because he looked pissed .
tr	O	Tall bushes grew on either side of the lane that led to the hideout , and the place was known to no one outside the organization .
tr	I	He is waiting , and he is watching .
tr	I	The old couple were told to put their money away , and they shook hands .
tr	O	Blocks away , I could see the leafy tops of the oaks in my front yard , but I wasn 't ready to go home yet .
tr	O	Stanley asked them to step outside , but to stay close in case hand-to-hand combat broke out .
tr	O	Pride rose in my chest alongside that hope and I felt better than I had in weeks .
tr	I	Everyone laughed , and I asked .
tr	O	Spencer struggled for it , but just as she was about to reach out , Aria pulled her foot .
tr	I	When the lion pounced on the fence , she let go of a scream as loud as his roar , but she hushed .
tr	I	I thought about kicking him several times , and he wasn 't gentle with his flying .
tr	O	He pulled her head down , and she could no longer resist .
tr	I	This was Molly 's attempt to help him win her over and he 'd texted her last night letting her know that he was bringing Rachel back .
tr	I	Dad said that Peg ruled it , but Thomas may own the place .
tr	I	If she had her scent she was in even greater danger , but he couldn 't help her if he couldn 't find her scent .
tr	I	You take responsibility for that , but Roll Fox out the door into the street if you want to .
tr	O	A waiter passed by and Fergus picked up two glasses of champagne .
tr	O	You take great joy in those things , and you should never be ashamed of that .
tr	I	The effort appeared to cause her pain , but the female tried to growl at her .
tr	O	Yes , I know it 's a clich but I 'll admit to another one as well .
tr	I	Justin now understood why she had wanted to discuss it privately , away from the office , and it was a complicated matter .
tr	I	Sara was so ready to be done and this job had taken up the better part of the last several weeks .
tr	O	Then it occurred to her that they might shut her up in horrific ways , and her courage failed .
tr	I	Those interested Rayford even more , and other predictions had not yet taken place .
tr	O	A bunch of kids were having chicken fights in the shallow end , and girls were tanning on lounge chairs near the bar .
tr	O	The police don 't know about your connection with Peeper and they don 't know about the blackmail - yet .
tr	O	Nate grabbed his own plate and we sat down to spread butter over them before topping them with maple syrup .
tr	O	If it was negative , I was like this for some other reason , and nothing changed .
tr	I	It didn 't reach the floor , but it didn 't stop coming .
tr	I	Probe would take everything , or I knew I would have to give up everything .
tr	I	A few of the mercenaries started a raucous drinking song around the fire , and the soldiers brushed their horses down .
tr	O	They could remain concealed in the dense bush , and it would be better than sitting around waiting .
tr	O	He turned slowly and his eyes were wide when he finally realized it was me .
tr	O	I had no idea how , but of course the responsibility would fall on me .
tr	I	He always is proving something to himself , but I know you told him not to .
tr	I	What was worse , but he was furious ?
tr	O	Zoe didn 't say anything in response , but her lips were parted as if she wanted to speak .
tr	I	I couldn 't move , but I wanted to jerk my arm away from his grasp .
tr	O	I know that love is required to defeat the monster before me , but I am at a loss as to how to manifest that love .
tr	I	He straightens and his eyes open .
tr	I	The toilet has been backed up for days , and the water tastes funny , when we even have water .
tr	I	I plucked it out carefully and there was a simple white card stuck amongst the stems .
tr	I	I wrapped my arms around his waist , and tilting my chin up , he kissed me gently .
tr	I	As a mermaid , she was even more magical , even more seductive , but Lilly was magical on earth .
tr	O	Tink is in a bed across the way , but he is forbidden to talk to me so is not much company .
tr	I	They would fade as clouds of summer do and if it were to be known the gods were not omnipotent then worship of them would cease .
tr	O	She darts her gaze to meet mine and I see the determination in her eyes .
tr	O	Jimmy didn 't know what clairvoyance was , but he relaxed a little .
tr	O	She pressed the button for our floor and we got out of the elevator .
tr	O	The soap slipped from her fingers and water splashed up onto her face .
tr	O	He pressed the buttons , but there was no sound .
tr	I	I couldn 't see either of them , and the two women who raised me were in two totally different worlds .
tr	I	It didn 't hurt when he pushed it hard , but a large purple bruise covered his entire right side .
tr	I	I couldn 't place it , but something about him was so familiar .
tr	O	We stepped inside , adjusting our eyes to the revolving colored disco lights , and there they were .
tr	O	A couple exchanged knowing looks , and I could see mild guilt on their faces .
tr	O	He was comical and he was angry .
tr	I	Yet no one has come looking for them and by now the forest fire must be clear to everyone .
tr	O	Ha , and he thought I was bossy .
tr	I	His lips curled into a smile and he paused .
tr	O	The river was beautiful and he spread out a blanket near a patch of tiger lilies that were in full bloom .
tr	O	A twinge of jealousy shot through me , but I suppressed it .
tr	O	The song finished and we stopped dancing .
tr	I	Some had been influenced to the opposite by the recent Pope and a large percentage of the Cardinals were intense followers of the new Messiah .
tr	O	He pushed a finger inside of me and I stilled .
tr	I	Her skin white and her eyes were closed .
tr	O	There was barely time to resume my own form , but just at the last instant , I veered off .
tr	I	It had never failed him , and he had used the gum on many occasions .
tr	I	It happened and I just thought about her .
tr	I	We remain seated , but people slowly file by us to exit the auditorium .
tr	O	I waited for him to say something else , but no words came out .
tr	I	I expelled a breath , and his face was unmarked .
tr	I	You won 't , but once I get there , I 'll have some reasonable cover .
tr	O	Logan had saved his lady , and they were planning to get married .
tr	I	He wouldn 't send her a locket , but Travis flashed in her mind when she thought of the jail .
tr	I	He was pulling me into the casket with him as he had in my earlier dream and suddenly I was at Jim 's funeral again .
tr	O	He leaned to wipe it off and she recoiled , her chair scratching the floor .
tr	O	Then he smiled , and it felt good .
tr	I	She warmed her arms and she pulled her arms in front of her chest .
tr	O	When the guards were sure I was unarmed , they stepped back and I continued inside .
tr	O	I swear and he tells me not to be a fool .
tr	O	I was in love , or I thought I was .
tr	O	His eyes followed her outstretched hand and he saw what was making her so excited .
tr	O	If that wasn 't enough , Skylar immediately got into the man 's face , and she looked damn scary .
tr	I	This just made me laugh inwardly , and he looked a little nervous .
tr	I	Others cause conflicting effects and some reinforce one another .
tr	O	I needed some coffee and I knew Mase would , too .
tr	O	The early morning air was cool and a shiver went down her spine .
tr	I	Their weight was extremely heavy , but they were small bars .
tr	O	A key rattles on the other side of the door , and the rusty metal door opens .
tr	I	They looked completely blanked as she stared at them , yet her bright blue eyes had so much to tell .
tr	O	Her head was killing her , and she felt ready to hurl .
tr	O	She hugged all the kitchen staff before she left , and once again there was peace .
tr	O	It was a nippy day at the end of January , but the cold didn 't seem to affect him at all .
tr	O	The media wanted to come calling , too , and I just wasn 't in the mood .
tr	O	If she could stand , she could walk , and if she could walk , she could run .
tr	I	He fell to the ground and the energy balls stopped coming .
tr	O	He responded with his own witty insult , and the conversation drifted into less political topics .
tr	I	Your house is strange , and I cannot , indeed , understand the way you live .
tr	O	I drank one cup and you drank the rest .
tr	I	She is going to the national beauty content tomorrow , and she succeeds to make peace with her friend !
tr	I	I realized as his head came down that he was going to kiss me instead , and he leaned over to whisper something in my ear .
tr	I	Bringing you back was more important , but we knew there would be dangers .
tr	O	My eyes had been closed but I had not been asleep .
tr	I	When I saw his expression fall , I knew I had offended him , but I didn 't mean for my face to scrunch up in repulsion .
tr	O	She 'd tried that and it didn 't work .
tr	I	It fell out of my mind and once again I jotted this down .
tr	I	There is some kind of black mist beneath the bridge , but I can 't see what is beyond the castle .
tr	O	I will be there soon and we can discuss this calmly .
tr	I	Her vision went fuzzy , and when Emma read it , her throat caught .
tr	I	Again he swept the silk away and more icy drops pierced his side .
tr	I	She ran down to the water , and I said yes , of course .
tr	O	Simon was a nice enough man , and she found him to be a friendly , intelligent companion .
tr	O	Paul reaches for me slowly , careful not to scare with me with his slow movements , and he pulls me to his chest .
tr	I	Dread fills me , and I remember Zeke saying that it would take hours .
tr	O	The guy had trouble written all over him , and yet I behaved like a pubescent teen in heat , unable to control my own hormones .
tr	O	His hands dropped from her face and he moved away from her .
tr	O	He was smoothing his hands along the woman 's bare arms , and she was smiling up at him , curving toward his body .
tr	O	His tongue touches mine , and the velvet rasp of him searching my mouth makes my knees begin to shake .
tr	I	He was too embarrassed to say otherwise , but Sneed wasn 't even his real name .
tr	O	I 'm surprised , but it seems fitting .
tr	O	I couldn 't put my finger on it , but it was there .
tr	I	She wouldn 't be surprised if it happened , but she never saw him do that to Ada .
tr	I	I know there is no way of talking her out of it , but I don 't want her to come .
tr	I	This time I won 't be the one asking , but I 've offered Dominic money for it many times .
tr	I	She jerked away from him , looking at his hand as though it were a snake about to strike , but he reached out again .
tr	I	That 's just after the fact , of course , but so we rely on cameras .
tr	O	His lips curved upward and he felt his cheeks color at the compliment .
tr	O	Kenichi was put in charge of the online marketing project and Mark was the cultural in-between .
tr	O	They continued to cling to each other and Jasmine felt like an intruder .
tr	I	Reece returned her attention to the book in her lap , and the men went their separate ways .
tr	I	Nothing could penetrate the perfect existence I 'd created , and I was safe here in this vibrantly rich world .
tr	I	This isn 't your problem but I can 't think of anything else to do .
tr	I	The restless feeling became overpowering , and the earrings stayed uncomfortably warm .
tr	I	He didn 't wipe it away , but I don 't know if he felt it .
tr	O	The ruined garments from the desert still hung off his body in tatters , but he had washed most of the blood from his skin .
tr	O	It flies by Dave in the infield , and Rich , playing sixty feet further back manages to knock it down , holding Steve to a single .
tr	I	They weren 't sad ones , exactly but I felt tears stinging my eyes .
tr	I	I have to do it for me , and I have to do it for them .
tr	O	Jenna let out a strangled cry , and we both dropped to the ground .
tr	I	It seems that even the devil himself cannot compete with such fog , but one minute it seemed that all hell was breaking loose .
tr	I	I release the reins , and her ear tips back at me .
tr	I	He reluctantly walked away , but Detective James was not satisfied .
tr	O	I asked , remembering very little and most of it was in the wrong time .
tr	O	Her breathing had become very labored now , and her voice was a strangled choke .
tr	O	It seemed highly probably , but how was it made ?
tr	I	He was clearly not ready to ignore their last encounter -- but Lodge 's tone wasn 't hostile , exactly .
tr	O	Something had happened to my friend ... and I wasn 't there for her .
tr	O	Presumably a relative must have dropped in to see her and the ward sister had said something .
tr	I	I knew Daniel could tell how I felt and I wore a frown .
tr	I	Her bed was empty and the curtain was open .
tr	O	One of the four had to weaken eventually , and Haven was determined it wouldn 't be her .
tr	I	I feel like we 're missing something , but I know what the words mean now .
tr	I	We continue to drive in silence and he puts the car into gear .
tr	I	Put on her casual clothes and * * * Soraya cleaned the thick makeup off her face .
tr	I	Emelia looked about in the inky darkness and there was a silence in the alleyway .
tr	I	Then doubts began to crawl back into my head , and the thought that he was my boss consoled me for all of five seconds .
tr	O	A soft sigh escaped her lips , and she shook her head in sorrow .
tr	O	I love you and you 're the only family I have left .
tr	I	For a moment , Balthazar 's mind froze , and the tallest vampire stepped closer .
tr	O	The mother was already asleep , but he urged her to drift deeper into its clutches .
tr	I	That wasn 't my problem , but I wasn 't so sure .
tr	I	Though she didn 't worship at Bellevue she knew someone who did , and Gran 's older daughter , my aunt Betty , lived in Memphis .
tr	I	I always try to form that initial attachment - just to be on the safe side , but it might not really make any difference .
tr	I	I could see her face more clearly , and the window covering shifted .
tr	I	It 's obvious you 're new here , too and I noticed you in class today .
tr	I	It was better than doing nothing , but it didn 't need done .
tr	I	A long , slender sword hung at her side , and sleek black boots rose almost to her knees .
tr	O	No matter what I do , he will never be satisfied and I guess that it 's something that I will just have to deal with .
tr	I	The cold of nightfall descends and the sun goes down unnoticed .
tr	O	My eyes were a little tired and I found myself rubbing them while waiting at red lights .
tr	I	He didn 't care , but he figured she was perhaps twice his age .
tr	I	Maybe I would tell her about Taylor , and she would help me write the obituary .
tr	I	Her panties were soaked with evidence to the contrary , but normally she would have said there was nothing sexy about a domineering man .
tr	O	Forbes held up a hand and White clamped his jaw shut .
tr	I	Lizzie hadn 't noticed just how beautiful the forest was , and it had been dark when they had made camp last night .
tr	O	I think they knew that in the long run I 'd regret it , and they were probably right .
tr	O	The arms are still moving , but she knows that happens for a while afterward sometimes .
tr	O	said Ava , and he shrugged .
tr	I	Nothing happened , but they waited .
tr	I	It was locked but on a hunch they rushed over to the suite next to them .
tr	I	He didn 't eat it , but so today I got a burger for him .
tr	I	I hate myself a little more than usual for bringing up his name , and Hanna 's whole body flinches at the mention of her unrequited love .
tr	O	The king 's eyes bulged and he leapt back in alarm .
tr	I	He made good use of the improved hearing as well , and he needed the improved eyesight to see in the darkness .
tr	I	Her plan had failed , but Dee was obviously trying her best to find a way out of her current predicament .
tr	I	A warm , domestic feeling overwhelmed me , and I watched as she ran into the kitchen .
tr	O	I was crying harder , and my words were muffled by the stabbing waves of piercing heartbreak that paraded itself in my tone .
tr	O	he asked , an incredulous tone in his voice , but something unspoken was in the tone .
tr	I	The only one he could think of now was : it 's strange , but Moist realized that there had to be an explanation for this .
tr	I	He was lost for words and it was now a scroll .
tr	O	Give me your contact details , and your brother 's details as well , before you leave tomorrow .
tr	O	He couldn 't use that exact account because he didn 't have the password , but lots of people had more than one e-mail address .
tr	O	he whispered and he felt her delicious shiver at the sound of his voice .
tr	O	The market was winding down and she knew it was time for her to go , too .
tr	I	She wasn 't in it , but the light was on .
tr	O	The condescending tone of the scholarship winner was still in my head , and part of me didn 't want to help him .
tr	I	Maybe he 's right , and I think about what he 's implying .
tr	I	None of that had caused her a moment 's hesitation , but not the smartest thing she 'd ever done , admittedly .
tr	O	Marissa doesn 't participate in any of the stories , and she avoids any conversation with Abe altogether .
tr	O	A search is always carried out but nothing is ever found .
tr	I	This time , he held her in place , and frowning , he set her away from him .
tr	I	Still we both remained silent , but I heard the door close behind him .
tr	I	Julie thought she also caught a slight trace of anger at Julie 's failure to make good on the promise of freedom , but Kim looked scared .
tr	O	All of a sudden Bryce slammed on the brakes and we all lurched forward in our seats .
tr	I	She noted the exact moment when he recalled his statement , and awareness dawned in his expression .
tr	I	Ty didn 't even know they were after him and they had him cornered already .
tr	I	We surfaced and I guided them through the passages .
tr	O	Every sigh she made sent Sean into a tailspin , and watching his anxiety escalate over the last several months had been very entertaining .
tr	O	He spent more on lunch than she 'd spent on her paint , but she was still uncomfortable with him paying for it .
tr	I	We get out of our chairs and Robbie emerges from the double doors .
tr	O	The ice began to numb the ache almost immediately , and the food was setting up a nice warm fire in her stomach .
tr	I	I said I would be fine , but Joseph offered to go with me .
tr	I	The two Guardsmen had already tumbled limply from their saddles , and the man riding behind him was Toth .
tr	I	He pushed on regardless , but Ryan gave her a wide-eyed shake of the head .
tr	O	His touch was light , making my skin tingle , yet it defined the moment as if he thought he had a claim on me .
tr	I	Everybody was right , but I went to art school because I wasn 't good at anything else except drawing .
tr	O	I want to play , but I can 't think of any music .
tr	O	You were up all night and it 's nearly noon now .
tr	O	Faye shook with aggravation , but she would not relent .
tr	I	My estimation of her went up a notch , and she returned back to her typing with a smile of her own .
tr	O	A small twig snaps under her weight and she freaks out .
tr	O	Gavin dressed in nice jeans after his shower but he still didn 't have a shirt on .
tr	O	It never occurred to me the fear that speech had cost him , but now he had said what he had set out to say .
tr	I	Many began to flee and they drowned in flames .
tr	I	Without a mirror , I 'd never see it , and they could have already cast a hex on me .
tr	O	Abby smiled and we started to drink our coffees before it will turn into ice .
tr	O	Not that he expected to find anything familiar , but even the mind had landmarks .
tr	I	I refrained , but I wanted to say mean things to him , hurtful things that might goad him into touching me .
tr	O	Cable asked a dangerous question , and he got by with it .
tr	I	The women began to pick the corn , and the sun had dried out the field .
tr	I	That wasn 't often , but when necessary , she donned more feminine attire .
tr	O	So far , she had managed to keep her temper in check , but it was getting harder day-by-day .
tr	O	The bruises on his face had healed from the tea and the hardness in his eyes was gone , leaving only the warm honey color I loved .
tr	O	She looked fine , but her stomach didn 't feel fine .
tr	O	Grandmother had her opinion about her and Mia knew it won 't change .
tr	O	Holly was there , and she was terrified .
tr	O	One bullet grazed the shoulder , but another lodged in his spine .
tr	O	We live in Wolf Creek , a small town in Minnesota , and my mom runs a daycare in our house .
tr	O	Rivers stood guard at the gate to Mercer Manor , and he offered me a small smile when I approached .
tr	O	This brief life was all there was and it was a life that always came to the same fatal end .
tr	I	She bore a grin of self satisfaction and she was standing where she was before .
tr	O	When I tumbled out of bed , I threw on a faded pair of grey sweatpants and I vaguely remember stumbling into the hallway .
tr	O	In a way I 'm stronger than the waves and I feel good about that .
tr	I	Viper warily raised his hands in a gesture of peace , and there was nothing to read on the bronzed face .
tr	O	You hadn 't told her , and I made you tell me .
tr	O	My eyes opened and my body started .
tr	I	His free time was his own , but oh , he had added chores .
tr	O	She has everything , and I have nothing .
tr	O	He 's so good-looking , confident , well spoken , but he was so perceptive during the ride from Toronto .
tr	I	They were still into the longest days of summer , but the sun had set .
tr	O	I knew that Derek would give his life for me , but I 'd never wanted him to until that very moment .
tr	I	I couldn 't lift it high enough to wipe my nose , but I hitched my shoulder .
tr	O	A thick silence filled the air and at last she lifted her gaze .
tr	I	After only a few steps he called out a few words Jason couldn 't understand , but he was considerably slower than she was .
tr	O	The grid 's already in place , and all this stuff is computerized nowadays .
tr	I	That 's all she needed , but it 's a small change .
tr	O	I was thinking that if you wanted you could come down to the beach and you could lay out while I surf .
tr	I	It was different to actually hear it but I already knew that he was gone .
tr	I	The girl just didn 't get rid of it and it had to be part of the anti-theft device from the store .
tr	O	That was not what he had been about to say , but she was not at all certain that she desired to know the truth .
tr	I	For a moment she was sure he 'd read her thoughts , and he was frowning at her .
tr	O	Then he gathered her into his fierce embrace , and Verity forgot all about the future as she lost herself in the fire of their mutual passion .
tr	I	Still he didn 't face her , but Gary let his arm slap down to his side .
tr	O	Vin nodded , bidding him farewell , and he retreated down the stone stairwell .
tr	O	They all looked at him and he looked at them .
tr	O	Maurice gave the kid a sharp look to see if he was making a joke , but the kid had never done that kind of thing before .
tr	O	The sun sank and the shadows of evening fell like a curtain .
tr	I	That didn 't matter , she could launch right through the door , into the driver , but the tour bus door had closed .
tr	O	Jake said in frustration and I clenched my teeth .
tr	O	Its lips breathe no words but Iris could hear them on her thoughts .
tr	O	I didn 't sleep all night because she wasn 't next to me , and I missed her .
tr	O	I thought vampires were supposed to feel that sort of thing , but you seem indifferent .
tr	O	Sarah handed me his ring , and I reached for his hand .
tr	O	Eva threw the door open , and we bustled inside .
tr	I	You will not be allowed in , or please bring the flier with you .
tr	I	I put voice to my thoughts , but a tremor ran through me at my impudence .
tr	I	He 's been in this job for nigh on two years now , but he was Solicitor General one time , right enough .
tr	O	The two of them watch the men at the front intently , and I can understand their interest .
tr	O	She hadn 't the speed of the Lady , but her rage was enough to make mountains quake .
tr	O	Frank had built shelves , but they were crudely implemented .
tr	O	Anywhere else and I 'll have to be on the lookout for fans .
tr	O	His jaw dropped and his eyes widened .
tr	O	I wandered toward the bathroom , debating the toxicity of the germs in there , but my bladder made the decision for me .
tr	O	I asked , and he smiled .
tr	O	I don 't tell lies , ' mumbled Tiffany , but no one was listening .
tr	I	It didn 't work , but I was trying to make her laugh again .
tr	O	I gasped , but the air got stuck in my throat .
tr	O	I don 't say anything else , but I don 't need to .
tr	O	He pushed open a door and they entered a stark white clean room .
tr	O	They cleaned away their mess , and he put the spices away .
tr	O	I wondered why for the longest time , but finally it made sense .
tr	O	She prefers the former , but she won 't balk at the latter .
tr	I	She was writhing , one hand a claw , but Anna 's long black hair hid her face .
tr	O	The stuff tasted horrible , and I gagged on it .
tr	O	I looked back at him fiercely then , but I saw the devastation on his face .
tr	O	There was a fireplace for cooking , and windows cut on either side to let in the light .
tr	I	Usually he had to admit the aroma was appetizing , and her single request was that he at least smell it .
tr	I	Logan could follow for cover , and he 'd go in first .
tr	I	Those who have unfortunate deaths will become red roses , and those who die in peace will become white roses .
tr	I	I shot up , slamming my fist into his stomach , and Aiden jumped .
tr	I	He hardly looked at it and I made his favourite pudding .
tr	I	I took mine eagerly and he brought back two glasses of red wine .
tr	I	Motion for him to get a move on and I move aside .
tr	I	What I did not get was why the Masons were here at all , but I could have had time to prepare .
tr	I	Now she realized she really knew nothing at all about Kat , and someone she had thought she 'd known for years .
tr	I	He shook his head , but she started to speak .
tr	I	It was too dark to make anything out for sure , but my eyes began to adjust to the blackness .
tr	I	She leaned down to laugh into his ear and ares was carrying Raquel on his mighty shoulders .
tr	O	The tension on my shoulders was unbearable and I was finding it hard to breath .
tr	O	It felt so good , and at the same time , I could hardly stand it .
tr	O	They giggle , but I 'm not sure over what .
tr	I	I still didn 't cry out , but I couldn 't prevent the tears from filling my eyes .
tr	O	They can stay with us as long as they 'd like , but I expect most will want to get back to their lives .
tr	O	Corrado knew little to nothing about art , but even he could recognize the painting The Scream .
tr	I	She closed her eyes as he drew her against him , and the pride in his gaze glowed through her .
tr	O	Charles probably should have looked up , but the direction never crossed his mind .
tr	I	The only thing I had scheduled was my semiannual turnout of Beanie Winthrop 's walk-in closet , and I keep Wednesday mornings open for cleaning emergencies .
tr	I	Lara worked with architects on planning , and during the next six months Keller worked with banks on financing .
tr	O	Several of the students laugh at this comment , but I fail to find the humor in it .
tr	O	Creatures of all kinds had been free , and dragons had been the companions of humans .
tr	O	Her heart was pounding and she felt dizzy .
tr	O	The white cotton umbrella was illuminated by white lights , and citronella candles were scattered on the marble balustrade .
tr	O	The ringing of the phone brought her back to the present , and she leaned over to pick it up .
tr	I	A shiver ran down my spine , and Calliope 's voice cut through the silence .
tr	I	Else this would have been for naught or I couldn 't afford her being spooked .
tr	O	I 'm scared he might be home and I 'm scared I might see him .
tr	O	If you have problems understanding anything let me know and we will work closely together until you catch up .
tr	I	I would also have to touch up my hair and I would have to do my eye makeup at work .
tr	I	Her expression grew more quizzical , and the girl seemed to cock her head .
tr	I	Each took a long one and they figured out how to get the shower working .
tr	I	The heat seemed particularly blistering this year , but it was almost August , which was often the hottest month in Ashland .
tr	O	Bullets pinged against the pavement behind me , but their presence no longer burned .
tr	O	He screamed as he realized he was burning , and he struggled to get away from his father .
tr	O	I 'd never kissed my husband and I 'd never seen him laugh .
tr	O	This is by far the slightest , but I thought he 'd want to come to hang out with me .
tr	I	Most of all he relished the opportunity to lurk , but he also enjoyed the comfort of the small stove .
tr	O	The Candor sing the praises of the truth , but they never tell you how much it costs .
tr	O	The large male moved menacingly toward Peter , but he never took his eyes off Amy .
tr	O	You can click here to read a layman 's explanation but the fact is , I did not make this up .
tr	O	I breathed a sigh of relief as the elevator arrived and I ran out when I arrived on the ground floor .
tr	I	Neither does Bryn and I don 't have a big family .
tr	O	The storm was moving in and the wind had picked up considerably buffeting the aircraft .
tr	I	Liz felt sad and it was Thursday of the second week .
tr	I	He didn 't give her a chance to protest , but Lara was certain he was too big to accommodate .
tr	I	The legs squeaked across the kitchen tile , and he pushed his chair back .
tr	O	His eyes flame higher and he moves toward me .
tr	O	It probably wasn 't good to see them while I was so angry , but I was determined to go anyway .
tr	O	The man knew how to cover his tracks but I knew he would only bend the rules so far for me .
tr	I	He suppressed it , but he was filled with panic .
tr	O	The standard-bearer looked towards his companions , and it was as if there were unspoken words of hatred in that glance .
tr	I	She was trying to regain her composure and I 'd left her breathless .
tr	O	He keeps walking and I follow along .
tr	O	He gave me his lopsided grin and I recalled what Roth had said .
tr	O	His lashes swept up again and his gaze collided with mine .
tr	I	Her cheeks filled with air , as though a word was ballooning behind them , and then her eyes bulged .
tr	O	Valeria was pushed back , but she refused to fall .
tr	I	Perhaps it didn 't matter anyway , but unless that happened they would never make the train from Bala that day .
tr	I	He finally takes it , but his dark eyes stare at the drink for a beat too long .
tr	O	I had never had a camera in my face like that before , and I had never been so restricted to one spot .
tr	I	He heard nothing , but holding his breath , he strained to listen for the outcome of that fight .
tr	I	Here we are in jail and we worked so hard getting all ready .
tr	O	Since I had never killed anyone in cold blood , I had been left with little choice but to agree to his proposition .
tr	O	There was more static , and his muffled shout at someone with his hand over the phone .
tr	O	The outside board was eaten and the tar stopped the predators from getting at the inner board .
tr	O	I stood under the hot water until it ran out and I started to get cold .
tr	O	Anticipation of nothing , he reminded himself , but certain body parts didn 't seem to care .
tr	O	Until I didn 't know where I stopped and he began .
tr	I	His answer left her speechless , and as he looked at her , his expression was a mask of utter confusion .
tr	O	He wanted her to be aware of him , but he didn 't want her feeling uncomfortable .
tr	I	He 'd made her relax and she 'd laughed with him .
tr	I	The rest of her was frozen stiff , but the tips of Haven 's fingers twitched .
tr	I	He took even more than that , and he raped her .
tr	O	He 's from Yuma , and you 're downplaying .
tr	I	I 'm tired of it being awkward , and I 'm sure you 'll be there .
tr	I	We 've seen their technology , but we all shared a compelling vision .
tr	O	I don 't mean to say it out loud , but it slips out .
tr	I	She had taken over and I had lost control over my powers .
tr	O	It looked like a regular medicine bottle but I remember thinking it was odd that there was no label on it .
tr	O	Bianca Thompson had indeed gone to school with Phoebe , and Bianca had given birth to a daughter named Nina .
tr	I	Now it was time once again to pay the piper and all Thompson wanted was a favor every once in awhile .
tr	O	This time she did smile , but she didn 't bother to hide it this time .
tr	O	He was the only one who had ever seen me angry , and I knew he didn 't like me when I was angry .
tr	O	Then the DJ pointed the speakers at the open gym doors , and we all danced the last songs of the night outside , under the stars .
tr	I	It got annoying fast , but two , her voice was pretty at first .
tr	I	I laughed , and Leah gave me a quick grin .
tr	I	I stood up , backing away and Elle grabbed the back of my shirt .
tr	I	She would feel obligated to tell my father , but my mother would be more understanding .
tr	I	He breathed cold illumination and even the air about him lit up .
tr	I	It wouldn 't matter , but hours could have ticked by .
tr	O	The ironic thing is that I blurt out things I shouldn 't half the time I 'm with Ashton but it 's never intentional .
tr	O	Then they were ready to commit him , but he convinced otherwise .
tr	O	I can 't recall her name , but I can see her face .
tr	O	I tried to ignore him , and then at gym he pretended to touch me up .
tr	I	After a while he got to the suburbs where Jim Stalin 's home was located and Adam followed her instructions precisely .
tr	I	You were perfectly willing to kill one to open the gate , and you hated Shifters .
tr	I	She had to find someone to help her , and Chloe wasn 't answering her phone again .
va	O	Her hands touched his arms to steady herself and her eyes followed , fascinated by the muscles underneath the smooth Egyptian cotton of his shirt .
va	O	I should have enjoyed poking around all that gadgetry , but if anything it made me a little sad .
va	O	Something did not fit , and in an instant , Jake knew what was wrong .
va	O	He staggered to his feet and Joni slid onto the carpet .
va	O	Believe me , I do care and I intend to stay alive .
va	O	He moved into the doll house , but doll furniture was not designed for comfort .
va	I	It encircled her legs , his palm caressing her thigh under the flimsy skirt of her dress , but one muscular arm was under her knees .
va	O	She 'd simply taken it instead , and he 'd loved that she had .
va	I	Suddenly I realized this was it , and the Prince was ready for a fight .
va	O	She wanted to think of something to say , but since Wren wasn 't making an effort , she thought it best to follow his lead .
va	O	She set the tray on the coffee table , and then she looked at Paulette .
va	O	He guided my hair off my shoulder and I batted him away .
va	I	I was on my way and we shook hands .
va	I	We may still succeed , but it will take a bit longer .
va	I	He cut in before they would come , and she struggled to get the words out .
va	O	The freshly tilled soil was easy to work and they were done before the sun rose , which was good for the suspicion of the town folk .
va	I	I felt an aching , maudlin feeling in my heart and as I reached the main road , the Villa disappeared from sight .
va	O	My knees crumple beneath me , and he grabs my collar almost carelessly , dragging me toward the elevator bank .
va	I	I thought I might talk her into a double-header , but we had already played our three periods of hockey for the day .
va	I	He found her neighborhood , her street , but he couldn 't make out individual houses .
va	I	I knew very little about music , but I wasn 't shy .
va	I	He could not sleep , and CHAPTER TEN That night Rico lay in bed , the king-sized bed that now seemed much too big for him alone .
va	O	He turned to look at me , but the hand didn 't immediately drop .
va	I	He gave a shuddering breath of relief and a tear rolled down his cheek .
va	I	You both came through for me when I needed you most , and I couldn 't have gone after Dimitri alone .
va	I	I knew he meant it , and his eyes glittered with anger .
va	I	Josie would call and Hannah had left a message .
va	O	Not that she had a family , but the hotel didn 't know that .
va	O	I kept attempting to tell him that it wasn 't necessary , but he was being stubborn about it .
va	O	She missed her sweet angel Celia , and she hurt so badly for her boy too .
va	O	The colors are so bright and the environment so rich with stimulus that just having one 's eyes open is like exercise .
va	O	I wished I could ask him , but of course that was out of the question .
va	O	My teeth were chattering , and my head throbbed .
va	I	The lead vehicle was now entering into the parking lot and the matte black S.W.A.T. vehicles were making the last turn .
va	I	I 'm back to square one where I have nothing more than emptiness to accumulate my life and it was just a dream .
va	O	He gives me a little shove toward the front door , and then he turned on her .
va	O	The door to the room was right beside her , but the handle was on the opposite side from her .
va	I	We have more talented soldiers , but our army might be smaller .
va	I	It was obvious that the storm was about to break but Jeremy immediately wanted to go ashore .
va	I	It 's common that they are , but they aren 't always long range .
va	O	Luckily the water was still running and the towels in the bathroom closet were clean .
va	O	His lips parted , then curved a little , off to one side , but he shook his head .
va	O	My ex-husband is a Realtor , and I remember wondering if he knew him .
va	O	His face was withdrawn and his eyes were wet .
va	I	My breath comes faster , as if I have just run some great race and my heart begins pounding .
va	O	Princess Rhiannon was definitely as mean as he remembered , and it only made him want her more .
va	O	We 'll either bring the fight to them or we 'll let them bring it to us .
va	O	I 'm smiling and my heart is pounding .
va	O	Her voice sounded the same , but she 's talented at subtlety .
va	I	Then she slapped him with all the force at her command , and she digested that a moment .
va	I	She doesn 't get out , but Van 's hand moves to the door handle .
va	I	His eyes showed no emotion and his face was completely expressionless .
va	O	The race thing was a problem , but he really did care about her .
va	I	He realized that he was probably never going to see his parents again and the true realization was beginning to set it .
va	O	I wasn 't expecting it to be that late , and I was surprised Frannie hadn 't been trying to drag me out of bed .
va	O	Your conduct has been noted by several people and I have received complaints .
va	O	One look at Lili 's face , and I knew I 'd put the pieces together correctly .
va	O	David listened quietly , without interrupting , and Harriet was relieved to have told him .
va	O	Call me old-fashioned , but I don 't like endangering innocent people in the name of a job .
va	I	I 'm about to lose it , and she bats those lashes at me .
va	I	His coppery eyes seemed to hold their own inner flame , and the firelight made deeper hollows out of his striking features .
va	I	I immediately forced them back but tears stung my eyes .
va	O	The women had liked Mac on sight , and that was that .
va	O	She never did , and his chance was gone , if he ever had a chance in the first place .
va	I	It sported a price tag to match , and the Plate Series D was an improvement , indeed .
va	I	My skin crawled , and I heard a soft slither behind me , like wet cloth over cement .
va	I	He smiled and I nodded .
va	I	They continued walking through the streets , and he took her arm .
va	I	Tobias ' face is grim , which one again causes goose bumps to form on my arms and I look back over my shoulder .
va	I	It takes her half an hour to walk the circumference of it , and it 's a good-sized property .
va	O	The phone continued to ring several times and Zayne still didn 't answer .
va	I	They could get round that embarrassment by claiming it was edgy but the location was cheap .
va	I	My lips kissed her face , and my arms closed around her .
va	O	She wanted to ask him about her , but she could see from the strain in his expression that her death still hurt him badly .
va	I	He just barely shook his head and a taunting snort slipped through his nose .
va	I	My body was happy that it was finally going to get a release and I was still wet .
va	O	Physically he was ruined , and mentally he had changed as well , grown simpler .
va	I	We got out , and Kyle parked in a large field .
va	I	When he opened them back up , she saw something she 'd never seen before , and he shook his head , closed his eyes .
va	O	Merlin began to slink away , but the monster was not caught unaware .
va	I	His intention is not realized , but she wanted to avoid as much as possible the condolences .
va	O	They might not taunt each other in the Rosewood halls anymore , but they wouldn 't sit together at Steam , either .
va	O	They were not counted among the most skilled , but the dead men had still been good soldiers .
va	I	She was sure she wasn 't , but he sighed as if she was misinterpreting .
va	O	My name is Ashe Evans and Aedan Evans is my father .
va	I	She felt her stomach go into a nervous contortion and a couple minutes later she had reached the bough where things had gone crazy before .
va	O	She 'd once loved him with all her heart , lusted after him until it hurt , but she 'd never really enjoyed being with him .
va	O	We went up the stone steps , and I nearly stumbled over each one .
va	I	I couldn 't not hate her , too , because she 'd made that choice , and I loved her .
va	O	There 's silence , and then Susie speaks .
va	I	Still she clung , but she was scared .
va	O	He giggled and Robert stood by watching , feeling something swell in his heart .
va	O	He remembered just a bit from back there at Sunset Valley , but he had not wanted to bring it up then .
va	I	She didn 't press me on it either , but she didn 't look to buy my fake smile .
va	O	I knew I might be treading on sensitive territory , but I didn 't really care .
va	O	I would continue as we are but I would make an effort to reconcile on one level .
va	O	Our eyes met across the lobby , and he moved toward me , slicing through the room as though it were empty .
va	O	The bell rang and class was over .
va	O	The cord around the chair was still loose , and she worked frantically to free herself before he came back .
va	I	Demeter flinched , and I demanded .
va	I	He held up his hand , and she reached for another saucer .
va	I	Now it was pure anger that took over his thoughts , but he 'd been feeling sorry for himself for a split second .
va	O	My body objects to movement , and I collapse back onto the ground .
va	O	He set the drink down in front of me and I took a sip .
va	O	My arms feel a bit shaky on the climb and my splash falls short of where it normally does .
va	I	There 's answers everywhere you look and you step outside under the sky .
va	I	She took my extended hand , shaking it and Imogen 's tense shoulders relaxed an infinitesimal amount .
va	O	The woman blinked at him but her expression remained perfectly blank .
va	O	I didn 't know him , not anymore , but I was strangely certain that he still wouldn 't hurt me .
va	O	I have this dream sometimes where I 'm in a white room , no furniture , but there are two exits .
va	I	She watched it hop along a branch , nodding its head and a red bird in a tree close by caught her eye .
va	I	When he looked at her with pleading eyes nothing could keep her tears at bay , but Shannon thought she was done crying .
va	I	The crowd called for it , but he was too lost in concentration to ask us if he should add another .
va	I	The expression in her eyes belied her tone , but Isabel 's voice was pleasant .
va	I	The exposed end lit up and she snapped her fingers again .
va	O	I couldn 't see , but I heard water running .
va	I	He paused momentarily before opening it , and an unopened envelope lay sitting on the top of his desk .
va	O	I know she hit him with a wine bottle once , but after talking with her I really think that was reflex .
va	I	I was too overcome by emotion to even attempt to make sense out of them , but the words exchanged by the siblings remained in my head .
va	O	The stranger could see him , and he could see the stranger .
va	I	I peed and I squatted a little .
va	O	It was an arrowhead unlike any other one he 'd ever seen , and he saw its value almost immediately .
va	I	Daniel peeked from behind the rock , his eyes meeting those of the bird and it landed several feet from them .
va	I	He got carried away with a knife , and he had told the doctors that he was trying to fix a recurring pain in his ankle .
va	O	Guards were stationed along the outer walls , but there weren 't many inside the walls .
va	O	I liked him , and up until the time Alexa joined the staff , he had liked me .
va	I	Production began and the sets were built .
va	I	It sparks the animal inside of me and she licks the roof of my mouth .
va	O	She begged him for some time alone with me , but he claimed he wanted to spend time with me too .
va	O	Simon should have been back Thursday night , but his flight into New York was delayed , making him miss his connection to San Francisco .
va	I	His praise made her uncomfortable , and she 'd come up with her plan for primarily selfish reasons .
va	I	It was not kind , but the look was not cruel .
va	O	Spitting out grass , I tried to get back up again , but this time it was Marcus who attacked me .
va	O	Spells opened the gates , and anything could get in .
va	I	It seemed that the entire school had turned out to celebrate and the football team had won their game tonight .
va	O	He roared with laughter and the men joined in , except Roberto .
va	I	I couldn 't , but I knew I should say no , that it wasn 't any of my business .
va	I	I 'll skulk away home , and the gate will boom shut .
va	O	I 've been dying to make love to you since the first time I met you , and whenever you let me , I will cherish it .
va	O	I scan the room , looking to see if she 's tucked into some corner , hiding , but she 's nowhere to be seen .
va	I	We now have been sent his replacement , and as you all know , the old one retired last week .
va	O	Streak shook his head , growling , but I was firm with him .
va	O	Anyway the locals gave me a lead on the Lindisfarne killing , and it seemed like a good match .
va	I	He stared at his brother and Zane 's tone was angry .
va	I	Now there 's an empty lot , but it was just there the other day .
va	O	He took the driver 's seat without asking , and then pulled me next to his side to keep his arm tight around me .
va	O	It had been put together quickly , but it had been thorough .
va	O	A foolish one , since I 'd gotten knocked out and Jasmine had died anyway .
va	I	These guys are under pressure , but they are still working much too hard to appear nonchalant .
va	I	That doesn 't matter because the green lies dead ahead but a large tree stands about twenty feet to your left .
va	I	She opened her mouth to him and he licked her lips .
va	I	He didn 't know why he had , and he wished the deputy hadn 't taken it away from him .
va	I	They 'd be stuck walking in the dark and she was worried the little car wouldn 't make it .
va	O	There is much evidence of a large force moving south and two hours ago we met a courier ship heading north .
va	O	Layla was sparkling like a diamond by the end of the evening , and he thought she looked like she 'd always belonged here .
va	I	He 'd waited too long for this fantasy , but he wanted to savor the experience .
va	O	Now he looked at the night sky , but there were no stars to be seen .
va	O	A lot of the bedrooms were in use , but he didn 't bother finding an empty one .
va	I	The cameras remained on the police activity on the farmhouse for a moment , but the police car rolled away on the screen .
va	I	His eyes wandered down to my blouse , and I nodded .
va	I	Then I moved to the city to study at The New School with Riley , and my grandparents took me in until high school was over .
va	I	It disoriented him a little , and Slap left a reddish handprint across his cheek for days .
va	O	I heard the female giggle , and I turned back to them .
va	O	Her anger never comes upon us without cause , and it never ceases without expiation .
va	I	He had to find it fast , and he had to find something .
va	I	I didn 't much see a point in leaving a message , and it went to voice mail .
va	O	They talked for half an hour and when Lara put the receiver down , she was lonelier than ever .
va	O	She did not have an alibi and her husband 's infidelity gave her a classic motive .
va	I	Finally he settled , but he shifted around , looking awkward .
va	O	I wasn 't a picky eater , but Charlotte didn 't know that about me yet .
va	O	we were in my bed and you came home from work .
va	O	We 'd been pressed hip to hip moments ago , and his body had most certainly been up for it .
va	I	I only want to lie like this forever , and the sweet scent of jasmine reaches my nose .
va	I	She bucked me off before I could sever it entirely but the knife bit deep .
va	I	I choose the ancient ways , and I choose what is available .
va	O	Two out of three wasn 't bad , but Gemma had warned me I had to win Kane over most .
va	I	You called them castles , but I called them forts .
va	O	A sob shook my body , and I dropped to the ground .
va	O	He looked around but the giant could not be seen .
va	I	Rosie picked up directly but he was surprised when Tiffany didn 't answer the phone .
va	O	He got the doors open just as they made it to the entrance , and the three of them hurried inside .
va	O	She 's talking to a woman who looks familiar , but I can 't place where I know her from .
va	I	What choice did she have , but she didn 't , really ?
va	O	A loud pop is heard , and the dart hits its mark .
va	I	He could catch her scent and she adjusted it so it rested high on his shoulders .
va	I	They 're going to find us together and Police is surely searching you now !
va	O	Now she could pity him , but the anger was still there .
va	I	The cliffs are cut straight up to almost 200 feet , and the water is just as calm as it can be .
va	O	His frown dug in deeper , and we had a tense moment where we just stared at each other without speaking .
va	O	It only lasted a month , but it was the sweetest month .
va	O	We walked to her car , and I got in .
va	I	They walked towards the car and she nodded .
va	I	It was too late , but Nick jumped back .
va	O	She 's the only one who had dealings with him and she 's the only one who can get him to come out of hiding .
va	O	Sydney touched my arm , that now familiar tingling racing along my skin , and I turned to her .
va	O	It licked the length of my face in one big slurp and I opened my eyes .
va	O	Jack would know , and if he didn 't , then Harry would .
va	I	Nothing would come in , but he tried to breathe .
va	O	You finish school and you go on .
va	I	Why did he keep calling her Marianna , but it could be just coincidence , a very strange one ?
va	O	Bonus credit was paid for risks , and risks on Renaissance were usually in the life-and-death category .
va	I	Sanya stepped up to the door , and the winch reeled back in .
va	O	The door softly clicked shut behind him , and Grace stared at the bookshelves , the desk , the closed door .
va	I	We might have enough men now to get it out , but it 's in some deep storage .
va	O	A few well placed swings later and the door was off its hinges .
va	I	I looked at the mother , but I was answering the blonde .
va	O	Mom didn 't say anything , though , and I headed upstairs to get my backpack .
va	O	It was dark outside , but I doubt she noticed .
va	O	Billy Moore is a crazy , homicidal maniac , and he hit Robert in the face .
va	I	It was , but this shouldn 't have been funny .
va	I	He refused to smile , but his face seemed focused .
va	O	I have heard it many times but I have never heard the definition .
va	I	Harrison took the gesture to mean the conversation was over , and he turned his back .
va	I	For a moment , he thought maybe the wind had heard him , and the wind carried Esme 's floral scent to him .
va	O	His Black jewels were almost drained , but he held on , held on , held on as they floated onto the Black web .
va	O	There was the sound of flint on steel , and the candle once more fluttered to life .
va	I	His eyes fell and he made a gesture with his hand .
va	I	Robinson struck again and the attacker stumbled .
va	O	Mary was still helping out part-time , but doing most of her work was from home on her computer .
va	O	I was scared , nervous , but every time I looked at him my intuition screamed trust him .
va	I	He still hasn 't gone to her but days past already from he woke up .
va	I	She wasn 't a bartender by trade but she narrowed her eyes to gauge his preference .
va	O	My voice is deceptively soft , but all I wanted to do was cuss .
va	O	Someone had taken his family away from him , but he had somehow been given a second chance .
va	I	He began to chant and Geoffrey 's arms lifted .
va	O	She felt these friendly habits childish what they usually did together but she liked spend her time with her friend .
va	O	Both of the eggs were slightly bigger and thicker shelled than my own had been .
va	I	No sleepiness followed ... but sure enough , I started to feel a little tingly .
va	I	I 'd observed a lot of puzzling behavior , and I 'd had little sleep the night before , I 'd had a full working day .
va	I	The lights flicker back on and eventually the wind picks up .
va	O	Turning , she went into the kitchen , and we followed .
va	O	He grinned down at her , and for an instant his grip tightened .
va	O	She hadn 't seen him exactly , but she 'd felt his cold presence .
va	I	Like a warm blanket , I was comforted by the memories ; but I missed my mom terribly , gone so young .
va	O	I planted my foot in them , and he boosted me through the window .
va	O	Stopped all of my words and nearly stopped my heart too .
va	O	She didn 't look good the last time he saw her and in a worst-case scenario , she could really have passed away .
va	I	I couldn 't go any further but I walked down into the dark .
va	I	When she felt his warmth flood her , she was still in bliss , and his movements , his obvious desperation , prolonged her pleasure .
va	O	She stared at him as though he had grown two heads and she was confused over which one she should believe in .
va	I	The strain on his mind was serious but we managed to remove the enchantment that was causing instability in his autonomous nervous system .
va	I	Then read the longitude from the GPS , and he traced the latitude reading , leaving his finger on it .
va	O	Keeley was important to him and even if any future between them was doomed , he would still do everything in his power to care for her .
va	O	Closing her eyes she tried to stop the images tumbling swiftly together , but no matter how hard she tried , they would not stop .
va	I	I think they  re abandoned but there are cars down there .
va	I	He became Brazilian all the same , once the law had recognized him as such , but there was nothing genetically Brazilian about the Japanese .
va	O	He gave her the date and Carol wrote it on the wall calendar .
va	I	Both his arms tightened around her but Sibyl asked as she tried to break free from Colin .
va	O	My fists were a no go , but my knee might be hard enough to do some damage .
va	I	Something about his presence was soothing , but his body was hard , like his unnerving eyes .
va	O	I immediately understood that to live there would not have been easy , but I didn 't have very to choose .
va	I	Identification hadn 't been it , but they had wanted Jay in this for some reason .
va	I	It was an entirely different situation altogether if she dated ... but it was one thing for him to date .
va	I	He clobbered it back , knowing the emotion useless , but rage simmered .
va	O	He took Levana 's hand , and she allowed him to guide her .
va	I	He nodded grimly and Stalin was watching the memory cross Alejo 's face .
va	O	Then he shows up at your doorstep right after said date , and you sleep together for the second time .
va	O	A sharp pain hit his groin , and he sat on the edge of the bed .
va	I	His hand splayed over her stomach , and his thigh settled over her legs .
va	I	She certainly didn 't touch him , and Brenda somehow ended up right next to him , though she didn 't say anything .
va	I	I tucked his money into a slot under the cash register , and Sebastian insisted on paying me for the meal .
va	O	Had he managed to push him into the lava , the fight would be over , but the infamous pig proves far too observant .
va	I	His bare forearms were striped with bloody whip marks , and Mark was wearing only a T-shirt .
va	O	That was the real reason and it hurt , like a knife lodged in my heart .
va	I	Now it was too much time instead of too little , but Time remained the enemy .
va	O	Shadows fell toward the floor and his eyes scanned the lines of the wood .
va	O	Whatever happened to the just say my name and I 'll be there bullshit ?
va	I	He was lying to himself but he kept telling himself that he didn 't care about the verdict .
va	O	The windows all started to rattle and Al ran out of his study to the kitchen door .
va	O	I could run or I could stay .
va	I	She took the opportunity to shut the door in my face , and I stepped back in disbelief , shocked she would actually suggest that I could .
va	I	He didn 't want to die to know , but while he was dying to know what they 'd found .
va	I	The need was growing worse but he wasn 't ready to concede yet .
va	I	He looked as though he were going to be sick , and then his eyes met mine .
va	I	I flinched at the wild look in his bloodshot eyes , and he spun around .
va	I	A large king-sized bed occupied the center of the room , and the other was the master .
va	O	It 's our job to stop them , but we can 't sometimes .
va	O	After a few minutes , he heard men marching on the road below , but he couldn 't see anything through the bush he hid behind .
va	O	His eyes betrayed the pain inside , however , and I wanted nothing other than to ease his pain .
va	O	The entrance door was propped open , and the man took little notice of Mark when he walked in .
va	I	Nothing could bring me down and I was on Cloud Nine .
va	O	he exclaimed , and Julia welcomed the moment of levity .
va	I	Some time later everyone in the kitchen heard the jaunty music of the fiddler , and Medea took the cake into the hall .
va	O	The sun has just barely set , and there are only a few kids out here .
va	I	It is unclear how many are needed for the spell , and the magic users can be scattered at any given time .
va	O	I gave his arm a yank upward , and he screamed .
va	I	Finally I can enjoy being with Mack , and the overwhelmed feeling I 've had for hours leaves me .
va	O	The young lady 's eyes fluttered open , and she passed a glance at her companion .
va	O	He made three dollars a day working in the prison laundry , but after cigarettes there had been little to spend on tangibles .
va	I	Insects buzzed around them and Green grass brushed along their knees as they walked .
va	O	Their faces were shadowed by their hoods , as was his , but once he approached , they removed them to make themselves known .
va	O	His words stirred the crowd like coals of fire again , and all the people pressed in on Coren .
va	I	Having his body buried deep within hers but Francesca could think of nothing .
va	I	I find it hard to breathe , and Ryan 's entire body goes tense .
va	O	It eventually disappeared among the low evergreens , but before it did the reporter was able to identify the vehicle .
va	I	He glanced around for somewhere to hide , and they hadn 't noticed him yet .
va	I	That wasn 't the whole of him but Fade tried to be gentle with me .
va	I	The ground seemed to drop another twenty feet out of reach , and I took an uneasy look over the edge of the portico .
va	I	They came , and a clock began to strike somewhere close at hand : the chimes of midnight .
va	I	I couldn 't tell her the truth , and this poor girl was clearly Brianna 's sister .
va	O	Vincent slightly lowered his head , and his breath tickled her face .
va	I	How it affects the universes we rule and I mean his lack of creative vision .
va	I	She asked for a ride to the hospital and it was difficult to see anything now .
va	O	A.J. did her best to get through the throng but others were doing the same .
va	I	Her hands were closer to the crowbar than ever , but Julie felt her body leaving Kim 's side .
va	O	Heads turned and strained eyes met mine .
va	O	The Tolu picked up speed and the Tens struggled to hang on .
va	I	Lying on the ground seemed like a good idea , and I was tired .
va	O	Something else has happened and I 'm trying to keep it as quiet as I can .
va	O	He makes a face but he still answers it .
va	O	Daniel did the same to her , and they touched each other .
va	I	She didn 't want to give him cause to consider it , but Reid might not be able to decipher what it was immediately .
va	I	Surely the nurse wasn 't losing her marbles as well , but Bryony had thought that was because Jane was cracking up ?
va	I	Donnie had seen better , but the show was Hawaiian in every sense of the word .
va	I	Then they were rushing into a narrow stairwell , and he pulled her hand , yanking her toward a metal door on the right .
va	I	It was somehow leaked , but he was not supposed to have this knowledge .
va	O	I make the money quickly , and I enjoy it .
va	I	He stretched lazily , and he felt the instant surge of heat racing through his own body in answer .
va	O	Asha was special and she deserved the best .
va	O	She looked at me for my reaction , but I simply shrugged .
va	O	She turned at the end of the block and he had to almost run to keep up .
va	I	He wasn 't finished , but fawkes stood up slowly .
va	O	No telling how many Freaks were out there , but they knew they 'd trapped their prey .
va	O	Uncontrollable shivers were vibrating through her entire body , and her nipples were so tight that they ached .
va	I	The shaking of her body was only getting worse , but Sofia slowly nodded , acknowledging my gesture of reassurance .
va	I	She couldn 't resist , but stupid thing to do .
va	O	I have no idea what Damien has planned , but I 'm completely confident I will enjoy it .
va	O	She looked around her as if expecting trouble , but trouble did not come .
va	O	Mr. Daniels nods , and then without saying anymore we leave the garage .
va	O	His kind wasn 't immortal , but they were pretty darn close .
va	I	A fist closed around Autumn 's heart and Summer felt as frail as she looked .
va	O	It 's sticky , but there are no violations .
va	O	I was drawn to him like a kid in a candy store and he was the most delicious treat available .
va	I	It shifted slightly every time he moved and the splint was made of wood , tied into place .
va	O	I 've come a long way and going back now is lunacy .
va	I	Wrestling with the chores of his regency had given him a maturity far beyond his years , and he was a muscular young man , though .
va	O	She hadn 't real y gotten a chance to talk to any of them , but they al looked perfectly nice .
va	O	I tried the lid again , and this time it lifted easily .
va	I	It could only have been Rachel , her neighbor , and someone had been in her garden .
va	I	Now little more than inertia held them in place and the wind had worn away most of the mortar between the stones .
va	I	She could hear crowd noises coming from it , and there was a narrow alley next to her .
va	O	We do not know who , but my family thought it was me , again .
va	O	asked Brianne , and I knew right away there was going to be trouble .
va	O	She smiled at him , and he hesitantly smiled back .
va	O	A strangled sound escapes my lips and black spots appear in my vision .
va	O	Painting , while not as exciting , was at least familiar , and it kept the girls out of the sun .
va	O	The valet opened the door for her and she slid into the backseat .
va	I	She pulled him through , and the shimmery film appeared when she stretched out her hand .
va	O	She knew that John Williams was bad news , and she needed to stay far away from him .
va	O	A veil of sweat lined his skin , and the stale air choked his breath .
va	I	She almost felt like she couldn 't breathe , and the silence that settled was uncomfortable .
va	O	A sudden blow struck the back of his head and he fell forward onto his knees , grunting in pain .
va	I	Obviously searching for something and he was hunched over .
va	I	A pile of papers cascaded onto my feet , and I flipped open the glovebox to toss my sunglasses in .
va	O	Poseidon smiled , but the curl of his lips faded quickly .
va	O	He was her touchstone , and she needed him .
va	I	Any deception is probably worth cultivating , even without an exact plan , and it gives her more opportunity to defend Sampson , for one thing .
va	I	Encircling the cuffs , and a dark green knee-length winter coat with faux fur around the collar , down the front .
va	I	She focused on her assailant , still in a daze , and someone shook her .
va	I	It was some time before she was able to regain her composure , and Agnes 's bottom lip dropped open in amazement .
va	I	My whole body shook and my throat went dry .
va	I	Nothing was there , but his hand was on her throat , trying to feel for a pulse .
va	O	He shook his head and I looked at him .
va	I	His body sprang to life at the effect his touch had on her and her lips parted .
va	O	He told himself she wouldn 't fall and the worst they were facing was a possible confrontation with the guard .
va	O	He 'd faced down enemies with weapons , yet a deep unease made him reluctant to face her this morning .
va	O	She 's either still asleep , or I need to get closer .
va	O	I 'd acquired many books on Jesus , and they filled the shelves of my office .
va	O	It was dark , and the village was almost deserted except for the late night theater crowd , who would be coming out at any moment .
va	O	Aric stiffened with tension and Dani 's eyes widened with surprise .
va	O	I didn 't like it , but she always gave me space .
va	O	His head lowered toward her , and Noah 's lips took hers .
va	O	She rose , her arms wrapping around herself as if cold , and her eyes did not focus upon anything .
va	O	He leaned in and she made a second wish , his wish , that he not pull back this time .
va	I	She tingled all over , wanting more and his hands slid over her bare skin .
va	I	Even this proved to be easily overcome , but the gate was apparently their only adversary .
va	O	He pressed forward and I inched away .
va	I	I laughed and Brandon grinned .
va	I	She had thought her life was screwed up , and Lord have mercy .
va	I	I stared at him in fear and my breath caught in my throat .
va	I	The doors still wouldn 't budge , but there was an almighty bang .
va	I	Her legs were trembling and he saw how she blushed with his closeness .
va	O	I drew a sharp breath , but before I could scream recognition hit me full force .
va	O	He turns his head , and a smile touches his lips .
va	O	They arrived at the car and Tommy let his boss in .
va	O	Dylan pinned him down and I snapped his neck .
va	O	They reached Mitchell 's chartered boat , and Kate 's attention turned to the task of getting Max aboard .
va	I	He knew he was correct , but Tony tried to comfort Jackson .
va	O	I heard movement in the dining room but my attention was caught on something else .
va	O	Settling himself against the barn door , he began to write out his notes but he couldn 't get far because his mind was on A.J. .
va	O	We 've played friendly but he keeps pushing .
va	I	He took mine and I took his picture .
va	I	I hate making them feel as though I expect it , but I can use the older children , of course .
va	I	She kept looking over her shoulder , trying to see if someone inside the palace was doing anything malicious and the feelings intensified .
va	I	He ran with his hands over his ears , and he looked backward toward the docks more than forward , so he stumbled a lot .
va	O	She reached the forest nearby and she couldn 't see anything .
va	O	I 'd have a hard time tracking down anyone who had given me a fake credit now , but I do it out of habit .
va	O	It had been a long time since the chili and they 'd walked a lot .
va	O	The door clicked open and he stepped inside .
va	O	I 'm going back to civilian life , and I won 't be able to get rid of this uniform once I 'm back in the States .
va	O	His brothers had similar marks as it was their family marking , but each one had some subtle variations , making it unique to each brother .
va	I	I did speak to each of them briefly , but I may not have conducted their interviews .
va	I	I were allowed to leave and she spoke once again before Jack .
va	O	That 's the first time I 've ever said those words out loud , and now I hear how strange they are .
va	I	He brushed the concern aside , but that other men would benefit bothered him marginally .
va	O	His lips were moving , but he was out of my earshot .
va	I	It was completely out of character for her , and she acted like a pouty teenager .
va	O	I hit the ground as though someone had hit me hard on the side of my head , but no one had touched me .
va	O	I fought tears but they escaped anyway .
va	O	I 'd loved horses since I was a little girl , and the same went for Molly .
va	O	His voice trembled and he could not , for the life of him , keep it steady .
va	I	Abbey was standing at the foot of the bed and he was on his bed in the hotel suite .
va	O	Hannah would leave soon and his pulse would settle .
va	I	I saw a glimpse of an emotion close to fear in her eyes and she shook her head .
va	O	She didn 't normally drink much , but if there was ever a time she needed to fortify her courage , it was now .
va	O	A rough hand clapped over her mouth and she was dragged away .
va	I	I pressed it , and one particular title caught my attention .
va	I	I had no idea what it was and something very strange was going on .
va	I	I follow her with my stupid arm taped to my side , and Becca moves toward the stands .
va	I	We both intended to win , and it was less a kiss than a battle .
va	O	He had a point about the beer but I wasn 't about to let him know that .
va	I	It was just going to be the four of them to eat it and Susie was cooking a huge turkey dinner .
va	O	I 'm ashamed of that , but I 've come too far in this story to tell a lie , even one of omission .
va	O	Neither wanted the risk , but the choice was already made .
va	I	He would , and he believed he had to protect her .
va	O	It was a piece of trash like all French products , but it was inexpensive .
va	I	He managed , but she didn 't know how Dominic was amplifying the smell with the rain falling .
va	O	The murmur up the hill increased , and the crowd in the yard began to part .
va	O	Commands were shouted from every direction and I couldn 't heart a word any of them were saying .
va	I	It 's coming , but it 's still distant .
va	I	She calmed down and I stroked her head for a moment .
va	O	It might not be until morning , now , but there was no sense in waiting to find out .
va	O	She wasn 't sure who was teasing whom , but she enjoyed the game .
va	O	Ogg had jumped back in time but Antonia didn 't know this .
va	I	It breaks his dreaming heart , and his voice sounds so young .
va	O	Fury was written on her face , and he squeezed her hand until she met his gaze .
va	O	Most outlaws were discussed in great detail amongst packs , but she couldn 't fit his circumstances with the name of any outlawed wolves .
va	I	She didn 't have the strength to lift herself up , but her body was starting to go numb from the freezing stone .
va	O	My hands flew out to protect myself from falling and the can of hairspray rolled down the steps .
va	I	This assured him a more permanent place : the leader after Bhai , and he had always been the one bringing the biggest loot .
va	I	She craved more , but four days had since passed .
va	I	I laughed as we broke apart , and he looped an arm around my waist , practically lifting me up off the ground .
va	O	She was falling in love with this man and that was something she couldn 't allow .
va	I	He gave me the doc 's private number and I phoned Captain Sullivan .
va	O	I know it doesn 't make complete sense , and I don 't know how to explain it .
va	I	The culprit had been found and Raven 's child was safe .
va	I	The darkness was filled with a soft caressing light but the day had melted into a fine purple darkness .
va	I	She managed to hear something serious , but Lea didn 't want to intrude .
va	I	This time , I don 't stop , and I reach for her again .
va	I	The bottom of his pants ride up and he crosses his leg over his knee .
va	O	Their relationship had always been a rocky one , but after their children were taken , things deteriorated .
va	I	Brad ran into the next carriage and there was a scream .
va	O	Nice , Rico thought , but that 's not her .
va	I	He gave a little laugh and Dante 's head fell back .
va	O	Right before he did the glass vial caught the light , and it was orange , just like whatever Nita is holding .
va	I	We also see a human mother holding onto the last breaths of her humanity , but we are looking into the eyes of our Creator .
va	I	I suppose my body will eventually dispose of the unwanted dead matter -- hopefully , and the parasite is completely dead .
va	O	He was my center , and there was nothing I wouldn 't do , nothing I wouldn 't give up , to keep him safe .
va	I	Creating things in his mind everywhere he went and he 's had a life-long love of stories .
va	I	She looked twenty years younger and Mrs. Chu was almost 50 .
va	I	I certainly couldn 't call Peyton , and I didn 't have friends that I trusted with this kind of information .
va	O	Two months in the development territories , one dark match before Burn and it was already time to do a program with Jumbo on television .
va	I	Her father always worried and Chicky 's mother was always tired .
va	O	The cruise ship was luxurious , but it was where she worked .
va	I	He did , but I don 't know how Ben found out about Operation Furnace .
va	O	I had never heard a grown man cry , but it wasn 't as scary as I had expected .
va	O	A bolt of heat tore through him , and he reached for her , craving closeness , needing her beautiful body pressed against his .
va	I	She knew she should go before that storm hit , and it looked as though they would get another storm .
va	I	There was no sound , but stumbling back , I opened my mouth .
va	O	Revelers streamed by along Broadway and we could hear loud , festive gatherings a couple blocks up at Union Square .
va	O	The person in front of me moved up and I followed suit as did Sam .
va	I	Shelby loved Angel , and I loved Martin .
va	O	He laughed again , and she laughed with him .
va	I	I decided to ask and she was laughing too .
va	I	I couldn 't give her a damn thing in return , and Melanie had loved me from day one .
va	O	It was our Happy Saturday today and they planned on baking cupcakes .
va	I	They met again and she called him two days later .
va	O	It 's been four years since I 've seen him , and he appears to have changed little .
va	O	There were plenty of mirrors in Seven Sisters , but he could get smacked for looking too long in any of them .
va	O	I was hanging out just down the riverbank from the club , keeping an eye out for Kelsey , and I hit answer .
va	I	The stranger had flashed a badge , but Amber knew no one could make him leave if he wanted to stay .
va	I	Nothing came , but he was slow , antagonizing slow as she watched him , waited for him to make a move .
va	O	There will be children , and she does love you .
va	O	My ankle gave way , and I was down again .
va	I	She heard it in his voice but she couldn 't see his smile .
va	O	The only alternative , according to Schrodinger , is to unify the apparent multiplicity of consciousnesses into one , and then the problem goes away .
va	O	Jace shrugged the jacket on then took a backpack from one of the saddlebags and slung it over his shoulder .
va	I	My eyes grew heavy , and he touched my arm .
va	I	She declined , but he told Lana that he 'd pay for a cab for her .
va	O	One last meeting , he told himself with a sigh , and it 's going to be just as damned tricky .
va	O	His face isn 't happy , and I can 't blame him .
va	O	The man was breathless when he reached us , but he still managed to make his words intelligible .
va	I	A dark brown liquid fil ed my cup , and I turned the knob .
va	I	For just a second , she seemed to relax , and Bindi 's shoulders dropped .
va	O	He still couldn 't see the police car , but he knew it would have to stop .
va	O	The funeral follows , and your life continues while someone else 's has stopped .
va	I	I wouldn 't trust the outward appearance , but they didn 't appear to be armed .
va	I	She was completely ill-prepared and her greatest fear was closer than ever .
va	O	I was sure it was highly decorated on the inside , and I was more than curious to see how he lived .
va	O	Garbage was placed into it , and the bottom would open up , casting the refuse into the huge , wide open landfill of down below .
va	O	I 've been her a little over a month and I don 't speak the language at all .
va	I	That annoyed the living hell out of him , and it was a question for which he had no answer .
va	O	A rumbling sound thunders from deep in the woods , and I freeze .
va	I	Without another thought , she leaned into his chest , and Reece contemplated for a moment .
va	O	She hadn 't run away to tell any other pack about Julia , and Julia was safe .
va	I	I tiptoed in behind him , my heart pounding as I glanced around , and he crossed the threshold on silent feet .
va	I	The little hairs on my arms stood straight up , and I still felt like someone was watching me .
va	I	She wasn 't wearing a dress , but it was a young woman instead .
va	O	We spent an hour talking about the show and I felt that he was right for it .
va	I	Her chin automatically rose in a futile gesture to forestall them , and the tears began .
va	I	She cut him off and Alex began to protest .
va	I	I always like to verify the facts with all those involved in a case , but I know the answer .
va	O	The first , named Cerberus , had three heads , and the other , his brother , had two heads .
va	O	Let me explain a few things and then we will address that question .
va	O	When Elizabeth made a fuss over the baby , Natalia immediately invited her to the house , and the women went off together .
va	I	I wasn 't afraid , but I noticed with a start that Ben had moved closer to me .
va	I	Nothing was out of order , but I half expected the room to be in complete disarray .
va	I	She didn 't sound pleased to be bothered again , and it was the same woman who 'd answered her last two calls .
va	O	Her skin tingled everywhere he touched her , but Haley tried her best not to notice .
va	O	I reluctantly placed my coffee , of which I still hadn 't had a sip , on the counter , and then I raised my hands .
va	I	I wasn 't certain what was happening , but I thought about ordering him to stop .
va	I	He looked at me and I took his hand .
va	I	He pushed her back , and Devon had taken it as a challenge .
va	O	I 'd taken off my collar before showering , and he clasped it back around my neck without a word .
va	I	She was always happy to engage in comedic banter with him , but she was pretty , in a severe kind of way .
va	I	His eyes , at least what she could see in the darkness , held concern , and his voice held a hint of sadness .
va	I	Without waiting fills the water glasses on the table from a water pitcher with floating lemon slices , and he asks .
va	O	She tried to cry out , to crawl blindly toward the phone , but she could only writhe on the floor helplessly .
va	I	Luke insisted that we had to watch the credits , but a couple of people stood up when the movie ended .
va	I	Vincent was looking at me with a suggestive look on his face and I snapped back to the present .
va	I	Then I suddenly remembered that I was without a wallet , but my first thought was to take it , thinking it would certainly aid a disguise .
va	I	I shook my head and Ty winked at me .
va	O	It had been a half hour since she had left the keep , but it felt like far longer .
va	I	Still they savored each other , delighting in the passion they could finally share , but they were both drenched with sweat .
va	O	I need to think and movement helps .
va	O	Being able to be what I want in life isn 't the only issue , but I can 't talk to Mack about it .
va	O	I know he didn 't see me , but I saw him , leaning against his locker , smiling down at her .
va	I	She had been looking forward to preparing tonight 's meal , but she hadn 't been looking forward to facing Darlene again .
va	I	The two entered the house , and the driver produced another key .
va	I	He placed the knife beneath her chin and she looked up .
va	I	I 'm pretty sure he 's gone for good this time , and he 's been gone for over a month with no word .
va	O	He didn 't get it and he would never get it .
va	I	The song was apparently some sort of a pass code and the igloos were bunkers .
va	I	I smiled , and she opened her eyes .
va	I	I quickened my pace and the sun was sinking fast .
va	O	Rusty had been quick to condemn Eve for deserting her siblings , but it was in fact a selfless gesture on Eve 's part .
va	I	She refused to believe any of it , but the words still echoed through her .
va	O	They topped a treacherous ridge , probably impassable to humans , and Darling found himself looking down into a deep caldera .
va	O	Yeah , I had been talking about Susan , but the implication was that she was like me .
va	O	There were no trips planed and it was more like holidays without parental control .
va	I	Even in the uncertain light it didn 't look particularly happy , and he smiled .
va	O	I glance over my shoulder , but there is no one there .
va	I	They flood your lungs with water , drowning you and their lips seal to yours .
va	O	He winced as the pressure came off and the wound was exposed to the air .
va	I	Porsche smiled slightly , and I asked .
va	I	It had done Jane 's father little good , but I could have demanded to search the house .
va	I	I just laughed even harder , but I should have tackled her .
va	O	She attempted to regulate her breathing to facilitate a calm exterior , but the effort made her dizzy .
va	I	They are strong but they are slow .
va	I	Evie melted against him , and slowly his caresses grew more purposeful .
va	O	My breath caught , and my vision blurred at the mere sight of her .
va	I	They could be pretty scary when he wanted them to be , and Daddy 's eyes were really pale .
va	O	The conversations grew louder , and Hamish found he had more immediate concerns .
va	O	She will always be around you , watching you and the kids will be a big help .
va	O	The roads were empty and we had already long left the main drag when the road started to narrow .
va	I	I don 't hear him , but Luca says something as well .
va	O	She would not leave Balan alone ... but she needed to get him back to the keep .
va	I	She managed to smother it just in time , but a giggle threatened .
va	O	I know life can get crazy , and this sounds like a great opportunity .
va	O	You never have been , and you never will be .
va	I	I knew that they knew who I was , and I heard a few whispers from behind me .
va	O	One took a step toward her and she shifted her aim toward him .
va	I	Just in case , I swam up anyway , but I didn 't feel I needed air yet .
va	I	It did not even budge a little but I tried to take the crystal ball out of its place .
va	I	A life lived without chasing its destiny may as well be death , and we 've all got our destinies .
va	I	The whole tagging thing , but I also have a thousand reasons to lie to you ?
va	O	Her heart was racing now and prickles raced across her skin .
va	O	Pappy climbed onto the tractor , and we left to pick cotton .
va	O	The man seemed to be even more intractable than his father , and he hadn 't thought that was possible .
va	O	I 'd never been to Paris , yet this is what I imagined it looked like .
va	I	That marks us out for destruction , and these men are our Hope .
va	O	Holly reached out , and Ash echoed him .
va	I	His arm fell to his side and he relaxed .
va	O	Jake was a year older than his sister , but they were often mistaken for twins .
va	O	You 've heard experts testify that they 've treated multiple personality disorder , and you 've heard other experts testify that there is no such thing .
va	O	Josie might try to deny it , but she couldn 't lie to herself .
va	I	He crashed down against the tabletop , where he whimpered from the pain of smacking his forehead against the solid wood , and she released him .
va	I	There were also older ones , taken in Hollow decades ago , but there were the old photographs he had once been looking at .
va	I	The static hiss filled the dark space , and the girl turned her radio on low .
va	I	She offered him her lips and her head rolled back onto his shoulder .
va	I	It was pretty just the same , but there also was no waterfall here .
va	I	I roll my eyes , and he smiles at me .
va	I	This was what he lived for , but Grey was on his night off .
va	I	There wasn 't much I could do , but I felt horrible for leaving them behind .
va	O	Daniel walked out to the parking lot , and there stood the old , faithful red pickup .
va	I	He was thankful to have it , and it was food .
va	I	It is apparent and she hates me .
va	I	His eyes had dried up , and soon the pillow grew wet .
va	O	Before long a cascade of memories stormed her mind , and the full realisation of the past few hours forced her to shut her eyes .
va	O	She wasn 't wearing her flying leathers , and she was surprised at how quickly a chill began settling into her skin .
va	I	He shook his head and I asked him softly .
va	O	My God , he said his family was large , but this makes the Waltons look like ' orphans ' .
va	I	It was still his choice to make , but Modesty might not mean anything to him .
va	O	He wasn 't fond of the idea of carting it to the river to dispose of it , but no better idea came to mind .
va	O	I have the unmistakable feeling there 's something he 's not telling me , and my foreboding mounts .
va	O	I knew they weren 't coming to make fun of my town , but I hoped it was what they expected .
va	I	They were sure to be spotted if the searchers looked too closely , but he tried his best to hide under the branches of a willow .
va	O	When the morning sun yawns , its soft light illuminates his hideout and he becomes aware that he needs to leave before someone sees him .
va	I	I had to waive etiquette in pursuit of my quest , but he 'd think me an uncouth lout .
va	I	He did not get off with her , but Hart assisted her across to the bank .
va	I	A sob escaped her and she held me close .
va	O	She had a point , and she was right , of course .
va	O	He turned over onto his back , releasing her arms , but he saw no one , only the shadows cast by the moon 's limited light .
va	O	My pulse picked up speed , and a rush of excitement washed over me .
va	O	We aren 't rich like Jason 's parents , but we do all right .
va	O	Maybe the woman 's husband had returned from his trip early , or something else had interrupted her .
va	I	A woman no less , and his mind was fuzzy as to how a person could outsmart him .
va	O	I knew I had to get up , but I couldn 't remember why .
va	O	The second I said those words his eyes jumped to life , but I didn 't have the time to try to read them .
va	O	I wasn 't to leave my room from dusk to dawn , but in between those times , I wasn 't to enter it .
va	I	Her mouth was dry but she would have swallowed .
va	O	Charlie looked over to Billy , but he wasn 't there .
va	O	She knew from experience that that wouldn 't stop them for long , but at least it would slow them down .
va	I	There was no reason I should be failing this class , and numbers I understood , had a quick mind for them .
va	I	At that moment I felt enraged , yet I 'd never felt anger towards her .
va	O	I did it once for my father , and it didn 't take .
va	I	I would know that silhouette anywhere but I didn 't want to get my hopes up .
va	O	She looked at him hopefully , but he didn 't say a thing .
va	I	After I consented to the decision too , he let it go , but he was confused .
va	O	Miranda 's stomach lurched and her knees nearly buckled .
va	I	She had painted her face , in the manner suited to the occasion and she looked every inch the warrior , her armor shone in the firelight .
va	I	The effect was nothing short of spectacular , but it was a bit lower that she had been aiming .
va	I	Connor stood inside , hair a mess , pajama bottoms resting just below his hips , chest bare and the door slid open half a foot .
va	O	Alicia misses her auntie , and I miss my sister .
va	I	Wasn 't under thirty , but Jasper was starting almost from scratch in their business .
va	I	We silently make our way up the stairs , and he took my hand in his grasp .
va	I	We fall to the ground and his shoulder slams into me .
va	O	You 've known for a while ... about the things that happened when I was young , but you still stay by me .
va	O	I stepped out of the room and all eyes were immediately on me .
va	O	I had found him the night before , and he died .
va	I	That was saying a lot and Jericho had hurt me more than anyone else today .
va	I	Others were completely foreign to him but he recognized some of the foods .
va	I	The kids were asleep and it was past midnight .
va	I	I knew he hadn 't always lived a privileged lifestyle , but it was hard to imagine Vincent roughing it after having seen his house .
va	I	He imagined the effect to be reduced if surrounded by more company and the mausoleum disturbed him .
va	I	It disappears as quickly as it arrived but I feel warmth trickle through my head .
va	I	My legs were rooted in place , but I knew I should leave , that I should head straight out the door without looking back .
va	O	He had a decision to make , and he had to make it fast .
va	I	He does not remember the notes but Leander Jack remembers that it is called ' Ode to Joy ' .
va	I	I stared at it and with his new phone he pulled up a holographic map of the block where the house was located .
va	O	She had her purse ready , but she refused to stand beside him waiting like some pathetic minion until the man was ready to leave .
va	O	I pound on the door with both fists , but he doesn 't so much as twitch .
va	O	There was some space between us , but the whole front of my body tingled as if we were touching .
va	O	It was time to help unload Sally 's C-130 and there he got a pleasant surprise .
va	O	For several days , no one knew what exactly had happened , but it became clear very soon .
va	I	I looked up at her swiftly and I stopped eating at the word ' flirty ' .
va	I	He 'll welcome you with open arms and ask Jesus to forgive you .
va	O	It was about ten feet in diameter and the surface was brushed instead of polished .
va	O	I 'll review it , and then Elizabeth can look through it .
va	O	His voice cracked on those last words , and he tucked his head into his hand .
va	I	He was just as dreamy , but it wasn 't the same boy she saw in the dream .
va	O	Another dragon flew under the one Izzy held on to , and that 's when Izzy released her grip on the mane .
va	O	She left the path when it turned away from the forest and her bare feet began to protest the coarse , uneven ground .
va	O	He poured me a cup of coffee and I took it gratefully .
va	O	He had allowed his own ego to cloud his judgement and now his princess was paying the price .
va	O	They couldn 't believe what they had just seen , but somehow , they would have to find the strength to move .
va	O	The crowd control barriers paid only lip service to crowd control and an ecstatic crowd surged forward , heading towards her aircraft .
va	I	A divide stood between them that hadn 't been there before , but she wished she could ask him for that physical comfort now .
va	O	We agreed on a time and I hung up the phone .
va	I	She 'd already ducked into the dressing room , but I went to say as much .
va	I	It was too dark outside , but Lacy looked at him , trying to read his expression .
va	O	Horatio 's eyes narrowed , hot with anger , but he gave her the smallest of bows in acknowledgment .
va	I	I couldn 't stop shivering , and it was pretty cold even for a ghost .
va	I	Mitch leaned forward to explain and the waitress brought out their orders of soup .
va	O	I felt myself panic and I began to shake .
va	O	The rain started hard , and then the lightning came .
va	O	I will be lost forever because the gates will be locked and my soul will be eaten by ghosts .
va	O	He 'd told her she could leave , but he 'd never allow her to take the girls with her .
va	I	She saw Ben fall back against the wall as if pushed by some unseen opponent , and the shot rang out in the hallway .
va	O	He realized how it sounded , but it was a knee-jerk reaction .
va	O	Focused now , she saw that they were not natural stone , but something man-made .
va	I	I was happy to see there was no key hidden and once I was at Blaire 's I checked under the mat .
va	I	She ran with it and a thought dawned on her .
va	O	The lieutenant wasn 't pleased to see them , and he wasn 't happy about Joel being shirtless .
va	I	When it came to her daughter , she was 100 percent old-school Mexican , but her mother had lived in America for the past thirty years .
va	O	It was enough to be included and he 'd enjoyed observing his roommate in action .
va	O	Jim 's clear tones filled her heart with warmth , but it did nothing for her feet .
va	O	For a moment I couldn 't make anything out in the dim light of the ballroom , but soon I could see inside .
va	I	Avery was giving Trinity a knowing smile , but they shook their heads .
va	I	A terrible sadness came over him and he stared down at his pint .
va	I	He took a moment to regard it and he sword slipped silently from the scabbard .
va	I	I could tell that Hailey really wanted me to go , and I didn 't have anywhere else to be .
va	I	In its place is a faint mocking expression , and his temper has dissipated .
va	I	It came through in the tone of his voice and he was less nervous already .
va	I	I had decided to be done doubting myself , but they were trying to play on my doubts .
va	I	She didn 't acknowledge it as she sank her fangs in , but there was a flicker of fright in the creature 's eyes .
va	I	The sudden disappearance of Courtney Sinclair had to be addressed , but it wasn 't Wednesday .
va	O	This shouldn 't come from nowhere , because we 've both been fighting with the girls a lot recently , but it does .
va	I	I glanced up at him , and his voice softened , just fractionally .
va	I	He noticed my face for the first time and his comment caught my father 's attention .
va	I	It was too late , but as my mother lay dying , she finally saw the angel who watched over her .
va	I	We 'll be off , and let me go wash my face .
va	I	Pete 's hand went to his gun , and the floor creaked beneath Gene 's feet .
va	O	I wasn 't shaking in my boots , but he 'd made me think twice .
va	I	I thought it would be a good idea to change the subject , too , but hopefully that had helped him .
va	O	Peter hadn 't said too much since the girls had veered off to their own locale , but that was okay with him .
va	O	Sam laughed , and I tried .
va	I	He felt every protective instinct in him come roaring to the surface and she looked childlike .
va	O	The light comes on overhead and a lady in a black suit stands just inside another entranceway .
va	O	Someone across the hall peered out , wearing a disgruntled expression , and Angela quickly waved Matt inside .
va	O	He almost laughed at the obvious outcome , but he refused to be merciful .
va	I	He must have , but Tessa had not seen Will pass it to Charlotte .
va	I	The vision , the sounds faded away , and I blinked .
va	O	I might not have the scrapbooks I 'd taken from Hammond , but I still had the Washington phone number I 'd found .
va	I	No matter how many times he denied it , Rand Kincaid cared about others , but he might be a ruthless businessman .
va	O	I tried to sit up , but my shoulder was still unusable .
va	O	He swallowed and I saw he was trembling .
va	I	I didn 't sleep much last night , and it 's been a strange twenty-four hours .
va	O	Gar had yet to lose hair , but scar tissue covered where his eye ought to have been .
va	I	The rhythm of the dance was lost to me in an instant , and I stumbled .
va	I	She knew it made no difference to the old lady but Golden was scolding her friend .
va	O	He would need the respect of the kingdom and protecting the people while a war raged north of them would earn that respect .
va	I	She did it all during homework hours , but she wished she had homework to do .
va	I	The demons behind the glowing wall were crushed into oily black slurry , and she let out a hoarse cry of effort .
va	I	That , for me , is enough and my memory has returned .
va	O	I felt a wetness in my eyes and I blinked confused from the strange sensation .
va	I	My eyes met Bo 's again and I lay my head back down .
va	O	Dad didn 't look up as I gathered my things and he gave me a distracted wave when I said goodbye .
va	I	He couldn 't make out what it meant and this was a completely new feeling towards her .
va	O	He thought about Elle and how easily she had ended her own life , thinking she was doing Aran a favor by doing it herself .
va	O	By the time I got my car into the automatic garage the wind had died down slightly and the rain was falling in drizzling mist .
va	I	All I wanted to do was get closer , and I could feel her small hand in mine .
va	O	Fishing boats , charter boats , sailboats , and visiting yachts use the docking facilities .
va	I	Cassiopeia wondered at the thoughts swirling through this troubled woman 's mind , and her blue eyes seemed on the verge of tears .
va	I	The valley was not large enough to hold it , but a glowing black column rose high into the sky .
va	O	We both ate in complete silence , and I never once looked up from my plate .
va	I	I liked that , and I was invisible to him .
va	O	I had hoped to make a choice on purely technical grounds , but it may not be that easy .
va	I	She knew that and he never would .
va	I	That 's the only difference , but my reward is another dot of light on the paranormal grid instead of some kibble .
va	I	I like it and I feel invisible .
va	I	Really , really filthy and my dad looks exhausted .
va	O	They had not known each other for a long time , but that had not seemed to matter .
va	O	He still wore his pink sunglasses , but they were slanted now , not fully recovered from his run-in with her .
va	I	His first two puffs seemed to calm his nerves considerably , but his hands were still shaking as he lit the cigarette .
va	I	He wasn 't having it , but I tried to argue the point .
va	O	I broke your trust and that 's what I regret the most .
va	O	She smiled and it melted the hearts of most of the guys in the class .
va	O	Dasher smiled then , and my stomach dropped .
va	O	Nash was in a better place , but he wasn 't there yet .
va	O	I managed that part after a while , but it took me even longer to get used to the business of steering by echoes .
va	I	I wasn 't that good , but I was good .
va	O	One kiss led to another , and soon they were lost in the heat of the moment .
va	O	Sly easily raced away , and Franco easily thundered in last .
va	I	She looks scared to death and her blue eyes are enlarged .
va	O	Maybe his luck would be looking up and Shane would be in bed .
va	I	There was a high , unearthly whistling sound as the wound sucked inward and the little blind girl 's chest heaved .
va	I	The girl smiled even broader and the interpreter did as requested .
va	I	It was little more than twilight , because of the glow from the horizon and soon night was only a few hours long .
va	O	Hector thought he 'd need a riding mower , and Dulcie said the vacuum cleaners should be upgraded .
va	O	Her full lips were pressed in a thin line , and her green eyes shone even in the moonlight .
va	I	We 're more than halfway finished , and the plaintiff has rested .
va	O	This will be our first face-to-face meeting in months , and I refuse to make a fool of myself .
va	I	This alone tended to put Alvarado on his guard and the gringo behind the counter was a big man .
va	O	Its frustration was evident and Timmy again intervened .
va	O	She could feel the steady flow Byron fed her , but he stayed in the background , allowing the actual healing to come through her .
va	I	I 'm sure I can convince him that I 'm what he 's looking for , and he 's got what I 'm looking for .
va	I	He felt himself burn with her , and her skin was hot against his .
va	O	I shook my head and he grinned at me .
va	O	Her eyes trailed the entire length of me , and if looks could kill , hers would maim .
va	O	Take away their selfishness and you take away their sense of self-preservation .
va	O	She let him think he was influencing her , but in reality she was just evaluating his power .
va	O	He pushed her down and she climbed into the center of the bed .
va	O	He 'd witnessed three near calamities since they started and it had only been a matter of minutes .
va	I	She didn 't pick up , but I called her back first .
va	O	Her hair appeared to be gray but this might have been a mistake .
va	I	Her heart tripped over itself , and she heard the door open .
va	O	My theory was that she was afraid she sucked and she enjoyed singing so much that it would ruin it for her forever .
va	I	I swat at his hand and he pulls my hair again .
va	I	Only at the boom of an explosion that launched the boat Guy was laid in high into the sky , but they did .
va	O	He opened the door for me and I stepped inside .
va	I	His eyes immediately zeroed in on her lips and he looked up .
va	O	He was whispering in her ear , and she was staring in my direction .
va	O	They all carry guns , but nobody has used one .
va	O	She glanced around , and it finally registered .
va	O	His cigarette drooped toward the grass , and he tossed it into the fire .
va	O	The silencing spell finally lifted , and we took turns introducing ourselves .
va	O	He slurps the bottom of his soup to annoy me , and then smacks his lips to make sure he 's succeeded .
va	O	A new vision began and this time I was seeing things through my own eyes .
va	O	Gregor caught snippets of their conversation , but nothing that made sense .
va	I	He had to say them , but Dawson hated his next words .
va	I	Gestures toward the doors to the building , as if the provenance of the concert were in question and he pauses .
va	O	It wasn 't perfect , but Jill had little choice .
va	O	Surrounded by strangers and missing a son .
va	I	Flopping weakly , a bloody froth leaking from his mouth , but he was not quite dead .
va	I	I sighed and she cuddled up to me .
va	I	Flung himself out into the night and he flew through the window with a few strong beats of his wings .
va	I	Then she was falling , falling , landing on Diego 's strength , and she screamed out loud .
va	O	I don 't have all the information on me , but I could email you when I get home tonight .
va	O	It was like a living nightmare and even though you cannot see death alive , this experience came in a close second .
va	I	I run to the end of it where the bathrooms are and the hallway is vacant .
va	I	The light had changed and he looked in his rearview mirror .
va	I	Whenever he heard news , he would read it eagerly , and the Confederacy was always close to Willem 's mind .
va	O	He wasn 't sure how much emotion he would feel , but he does now .
va	I	She fell back against the table , legs failing her , and Miss Wren screeched .
va	I	We should bring a possible error to his attention but we don 't decide where to put a story .
va	I	This was about the principle of the matter , but not that it would do him much good .
va	I	This visit didn 't feel right and though they had a good relationship , he never completely trusted her .
va	O	It had always been there , but now it was flashing red .
va	I	There were two in Sheridan 's office , finishing up a big fundraising mailer , but most of the volunteers had already left for the day .
va	O	I offer to walk Kellan out , and it 's just the two of us when we get to his car .
va	I	What I do see is just as surprising , but I don 't see it .
va	O	One of the coaches shouts an order and before I know it , the ball is being thrown in my direction .
va	I	The sound 's deafening , and the club is pitch-black .
va	I	She saw the barest outline of his weapon , and her eyes darted to his feet .
va	I	I selfishly wanted her to stay , but to some degree I did understand .
va	I	That 's stopped a lot of hearts from beating , and I used psychic pain on him .
va	I	She looked sad , frozen in that pose , but maybe it was just my imagination .
va	I	She did know that her life was changing but Rachel wasn 't sure what would happen next .
va	O	He 'd just watched a man stab Maddox , and he dared to flirt with her .
va	I	I think I 'm going to lay down , but I don 't mean to rush you out .
va	O	He stands in front of Sebastian and a slim smile breaks his face .
va	I	She imagined that in real life he was charismatic and in the photograph they gazed out at her warmly .
va	I	His aim had a deadly accuracy and he was working at close range .
va	I	He wasn 't worried about losing his job , but Cain hadn 't spent much time working since Sheridan 's attack .
va	I	Most of my short time on this earth has been merry , and I was born in that great country a little over twenty two years ago .
va	O	I had parents who liked to know where I was , but I don 't think Vic 's parents cared that much .
va	I	We jogged off after them and final y , when the steps of the others had faded into the distance , he tugged my hand .
va	O	I always felt a bit guilty buying a cake when it was so easy to bake one , but ice cream was the perfect summertime dessert .
va	I	The doctor emerges and the door opens .
va	I	Victoria was more cunning than most , and he adored intelligent women .
va	O	Pepper was the curious one and Sadie would have to scold her with a single woof to call her back from wherever she wandered to .
va	O	I pushed at him , but it was like pushing at a wall .
va	I	I 'll believe and you tell me that there 's an answer .
va	O	Well , I wasn 't naked , but I was vulnerable .
va	O	Chapter Sixteen Tristan I 'd driven halfway back to the house , but I couldn 't wait any longer to read Joseph Edwards ' notes .
va	I	Even if I did , he 'd find out and I had nothing to hide .
va	O	Dad 's hand covered mine , but I couldn 't squeeze it .
va	I	I giggled like a ten-year-old , and my feet flailed in the air as they dangled over his right arm .
va	O	I try to open my fingers , but the knob of the cane is attached to my hand through its currents .
va	O	She flipped it on , but nothing happened .
va	I	He entrusted me with the highest privilege our realm has ever known , and when the battle was lost , Abner sealed himself into the twenty-fourth layer .
va	I	Bang , there you go and you came up too soon .
va	I	Teresa thought she knew what to expect and the roaring sound was even louder now .
va	O	Kali knew that sounded bitter , but it was how she felt .
va	O	They were looking closely at whatever one of them had brought to the conversation , and Jake was intrigued .
va	O	It let you look outside through the window , but the passersby couldn 't really see you clearly .
va	O	It was a wooden house and it smelled pleasantly of wood .
va	I	She didn 't want to accidentally run into Mark but Jamie briefly considered walking around the neighborhood just to get away from the room 's four walls .
va	I	I sank to the white marble floor and my legs gave way .
va	I	Andie 's mother was another story , but she liked her daughter-in-law a lot .
va	I	He didn 't feel like coming without her , and Angela was sick with the stomach flu .
va	I	I couldn 't help it , but I felt childish .
va	O	His eyes explored my own and I was shocked how little they had changed .
va	O	You either completed your mission or you died trying .
va	O	She was there , but Rich wasn 't .
va	I	He could be patient , but her stare was guarded now .
va	I	It was a possibility , but she didn 't travel Route 4 on the way home .
va	O	I worked to modulate the volume of my voice so Charlie wouldn 't hear , but I wanted to shout the words .
va	O	This battle was over , but the day was not .
va	O	Viktor knew playing cards were illegal , but surely the punishment wasn 't death .
va	I	It looked like a good place to rest my head for now and a nearby bucket rested on the ground .
va	I	She pushed no further , but Blood began to seep where the tip of her blade rested .
va	I	Haymitch chuckles , but Plutarch looks offended .
va	O	He was so attractive in that uniform and he wore a badge on his chest .
va	I	I found it a little contagious and Megan 's smiled widened .
va	I	That much gas might be enough to get someone to their destination , and they weren 't far from the Montana state border now .
va	O	The pounding coming from inside of her still beat in her ears , but when she opened her mouth , she snarled .
va	O	Odd knickknacks are interspersed on the shelves among the books and all the objects look as though they have a story to tell .
va	I	Michael shook his head , but Eve looked to him .
va	I	He saw it , but she tried not to show her surprise .
va	I	She 'd gotten her first beating that day , but she wasn 't certain how the urchins had known that she had coin .
va	I	Carlo 's expression showed that he was not impressed but Kate couldn 't hear the replies .
va	O	Rif had cared about her , but she had purple hair .
va	I	He hadn 't cracked a smile , but Cyrus 's stories were outlandish .
va	I	We lived in Copenhagen for a few years , but she came from Jutland .
va	I	You should be , and you may be scared right now .
va	I	It still made her double over literally , but she knew the punch line of course .
va	O	The ascent to the next town made my thighs scream in protest , but the views were perhaps the most breathtaking .
va	I	She allows Sera to drag her out the door , but Livi doesn 't look completely reassured .
va	O	I was teasing , but Weston made a strange face .
va	O	Her eyes were a sea of flames , and her hair was practically crackling with energy .
va	I	He will have her one day , but he doesn 't know how exactly .
va	O	The door sticks , and my heart drops thinking someone might be bolted in there .
va	I	He seemed to hover above the pool rather than float upon it , and in that moment Kaleb became a bright shadow inside a brighter sphere .
va	I	When I instinctively reached for it , I tossed another off course , and one of the bags bounced awkwardly off my hand .
va	O	His head fell back but he wouldn 't have it .
va	I	Rachel sat between us , and I did the same .
va	I	Her emotions had been the problem before , but he 'd asked her to say she loved him .
va	I	I was starting to get used to it , and it had been that way for more than a week now .
va	O	I looked to him and he waved me down .
va	I	She decided to draw the line , but Gus might have few scruples about sharing everything .
va	I	I checked the left upper flank and Howard checked the right upper flank .
va	I	His arms were like thick cables that held me tight and his legs felt like steel vices closing in on me .
va	O	I like her , a lot , but I 'm in love with Olivia .
va	I	Jason assumed command of the helm and Captain Cook departed for some much-needed rest .
va	O	Her gaze slid to Bessie 's worried face and she sighed .
va	O	Eveline 's smile broadened and her shoulders shook in silent laughter .
va	I	I was wrong , but Never thought you 'd feel better than you look .
va	I	Very little light filtered through the gray clouds , but Dawn was on the horizon .
va	O	You gave your word , and you kept it .
va	I	His face appears behind the glass , and the shouts stop .
va	I	He 'd laugh and she 'd say .
va	I	According to the latest rumors in Black Oak , she was pregnant , and her name was Libby , age fifteen , the oldest of the brood .
va	I	They were only there as decoration , but thick scientific tomes lined the walls .
va	O	He turned into the main room , and the Prince quickly walked after him .
va	I	She noted that most of the cabins on the narrow street seemed to be closed up , and Brandon drove slowly down the quiet road .
va	I	The screen flickered to life , and she moved the mouse on the sky blue pad .
va	I	His body was pleasantly warm and he wrapped his arms around me .
va	I	He was still a head taller that her , but he wasn 't that tall , maybe a few inches shy of 6 feet .
va	I	She knows he hears them nonetheless , but she doesn 't say the words .
va	I	He cleared his throat , and Alejo 's voice faltered .
va	O	There was no blood where he had been , and as she glanced at her hands , there was no blood on them either .
va	O	Stalker had suggested it before , and Longshot always rejected the notion .
va	I	He might not have eaten anything , or I cooked for him as often as not .
va	I	He would do his duty , but he had little enough stomach for either task .
va	O	I 'd forgotten my gun , but in typical Gem fashion , Suzi was hanging off her shoulder at ready .
va	I	I guess her parents were horrified at their daughter 's indiscretions and my father had deserted her in the middle of the pregnancy .
va	O	She knew everything was there , but she just couldn 't see it .
va	O	Sometimes I do get a guilty feeling in the pit of my stomach , thinking Jayden will appear out of nowhere , but he doesn 't .
va	I	He sighed and I frowned .
va	I	I sat back on my heels and all the energy went out of me .
va	O	Archer squeezes my hand again and my eyes pop open to find him watching me , an encouraging expression on his handsome , albeit tired face .
va	I	Suddenly I want to teach her , and the corner of my mouth turns up .
va	I	She really turned up the heat , but he always avoided her .
va	I	He took it seriously , but it was a rhetorical question .
va	I	In the end I 'm left with nothing , and I always help other people .
va	O	I 've already had another kind of man , and I can 't go through something like that again .
va	I	It hadn 't generated this acute level of sexual excitement but for her it had been a physical pleasure breast-feeding Theo .
va	I	You find no one else in the company knows how to do what they do and you 're employees leave .
va	O	There was a rumble within the narrow tunnel and before we knew it , an opening appeared where there was once a dead end .
va	O	All I knew was my best friend was there with me and I couldn 't have been happier .
va	I	Yet , I can 't seem to get past it and I know that .
va	O	She tucked it behind her ear and I felt her eyes on me .
va	O	He 'd recognize that tight ass anywhere , and he wasn 't referring to Miss Molly 's .
va	O	The cemetery was empty at this time of night and it was utterly spooky to Faye .
va	O	That sense of impending doom deepened as the mist neared , and Lucien fought the urge to rush back through the door .
va	O	We were so careful , or we tried to be .
va	I	He nodded , but his look told her that he wasn 't certain of her motives .
va	I	Each night this thought also served to keep me awake and I hadn 't thought of that when I took off .
va	O	The dog heeled at his feet and Thorn stroked his forehead .
va	O	He repeated the action , and this time , it wasn 't so much pain as discomfort .
va	I	My fingers plunged through empty air , but I reached out to grab her .
va	I	Kiara started thinking and Jake went inside .
va	O	Take her out by the back stairs and I 'll cover for you .
va	O	This is the language of married , adult life , and it is completely foreign to me .
va	I	He doesn 't smile , but his eyebrows arch .
va	I	Shock overtook her face and she looked at me .
va	I	Her eyes never left Tristan , but Zoey pressed her wounded arm as she attempted to stop the bleeding .
va	I	I certainly wasn 't going to tell her , but another five days of scrubbing with heavy detergent would actually fix her .
va	O	Angelica trembled as Reyes tugged on her leash , and she gained her feet as well .
va	O	He ducked just in time , but the demon went sailing though the doorway , into the little farmhouse kitchen .
va	I	A gym bag lay inside and the locker popped open .
va	O	Yeah , I kind of had a little bit , but I wasn 't going to admit that to him .
va	O	Case by parents who were superficially Catholic and he had become a lapsed superficial Catholic .
va	O	His eyes flicked to wildcat white , and he gave Diego another long look .
va	O	She feared one nudge might send it crashing , but she was probably only being paranoid .
va	O	The fighting was spreading across the entire room now , and I had to duck a chair that someone threw .
va	O	We used to joke around and now you 're a mute .
va	O	They 're trying to work too fast and it 's making me nervous .
va	I	They went inside and Alexandra agreed instantly .
va	I	He was fully awake in half a breath and the high-pitched scream of a security breach shot him to his feet .
va	I	There was no sound as he exhaled this time , but I filled his lungs again .
va	I	I laughed to myself and I noticed that she was wearing blue plastic flip-flops .
va	O	His hand was still looking for the light switch , and his mind did not immediately register what it was .
va	O	He shrugged as if he didn 't care but she suspected he did .
va	I	She had a sinking suspicion that he did not believe her explanation and his eyebrows furrowed together .
va	O	Autumn leaves in every color imaginable greeted her and if she sat up straighter she could see the carefully tended garden surrounding the forcing house .
va	O	Even Clovis at the sheriff 's office had been aloof around her , and she still wasn 't quite sure what to make of Carmichael himself .
va	O	The potential was there for either , and that was the true source of my grief .
va	O	The woman wore a dress , but leather armor was also carved onto her form , as well as a helm over her bound hair .
va	I	This opportunity won 't come again , and you 're twenty eight years old .
va	O	Her furniture had big fat cabbage roses , and the arms were threadbare .
va	O	She 'd been careful not to wear a white shirt , but even the black couldn 't hide her reaction to him .
va	I	It was really good and we were both hungry .
va	I	A few workmen busy under the bridge , and the man looked over the railings at a passing duck .
va	I	I couldn 't make out what else she was saying , but I could hear Stacy mention my name to Shannon in the other room .
va	I	Josie 's mind was elsewhere but she could hear Linda 's voice .
va	O	It alighted beside me , and I looked towards its entrance , half expecting to see someone .
va	O	I should be exhausted , but I 'm not .
va	O	Heat flared in his eyes , but she wouldn 't back down .
va	O	The 35 can perhaps seat six people , but full-sized men would be shoulder to shoulder .
va	I	Its branches were longer , but the tree was shorter than the ones around it .
va	O	Well , mistress , I 'm sorry , but I 've come to take you away .
va	O	She wouldn 't put him in the middle , but she desperately wanted to say goodbye to him .
va	O	Jo 's two years older than I am , but that didn 't stop us from becoming friends !
va	I	The car slowed to a stop , and then brake lights flashed .
va	O	The car 's at the end of the garage , but it 's a slight decline .
va	O	It had started very badly , but the ending had been satisfactory .
va	I	We stopped and 500 yards out I raised my hand .
va	O	I know what I want to do right now , but I force myself to take control of the urge to be deep inside her .
va	I	I heard the edge of bitterness , but he kept his tone light .
va	I	I closed my eyes and the room started spinning .
va	I	His heart was being ripped in two and Christian felt as if his hands were tied .
va	O	His arm , which had been raised to knock , shot behind her to steady her , and she hastily checked her knife hand .
va	O	She could imagine victory , but the satisfying image dissipated as the clock on the wall continued to tick .
va	O	I waded out far enough to where my weight had shifted to something lighter , and I could hold myself up easily on one foot .
va	O	Amelia 's eyes were wet , and much to her surprise , Matthew 's eyes were glistening as well .
va	O	The wardrobe was very heavy and George struggled to move it .
va	O	The last class of the day arrives and Professor Sands puts us to work immediately .
te	I	Hart opened the front door with his key , and the town coach rumbled away .
te	O	She was very business oriented , which I respected , but sometimes her anal ways gave me a stomach ache .
te	O	I heard her last strangled gasps as I stood there in the doorway and he sat there looking bored .
te	I	He did not seem to notice the crystal sphere , but Jason held his breath as a man checked Rachel 's cloak .
te	I	I steel myself , but the thought of facing Thomas alone in a jail cell sends a wave of panic through me .
te	I	They had caused him much pain and he had encountered those sticks before .
te	O	The puncture wounds had disappeared , but the memory had left Daniel near to madness .
te	O	A part of me wanted to stop him , to beg his forgiveness , but I didn 't .
te	O	Sam shook his head , but he was clearly distracted .
te	I	That 's all that mattered and I thought he was great .
te	O	She whirled , grabbing for a lamp , but he darted in front , blocking her .
te	I	They both smile at me and Gavin holds his arm out .
te	O	I duck away from its reaching hand , and it levers itself back upright .
te	I	She didn 't want to tell her now and Amy knew she hadn 't told Charlie .
te	O	This is usually the point he passes out , but there 's no sign of that now .
te	O	Time seems to slow as I attempt to regain my traction , but there are no footholds within reach .
te	O	Before I could make it through a whole chapter my limbs began to feel weighted , and I gave in to heavy eyelids .
te	O	I care for you and yours as best I may .
te	I	She wasn 't , but she knew she should be happy .
te	O	Jake was still pissed , but he was in control .
te	I	I wasn 't fooled , but Roman had an amused , devil-may-care smile on his face that was typical of him .
te	I	He would help her do just that and she 'd told him she wanted to forget .
te	O	I understood I was in a geometric prison , but I didn 't know how I could escape it .
te	I	I suddenly had a tremendous need to find Kiran and a ball dropped in my stomach .
te	O	Someone would call her and she would hear screaming .
te	I	This time I thought I saw a hint of disappointment in Alex 's expression , and they exchanged another look .
te	O	Anyway , Caleb went on smoothly , we talked , and we 're not gon na help you use us .
te	O	The 1st Platoon commander had been killed and Ghost was effectively running the platoon now .
te	O	His gaze was fixed in her general direction but he looked to be engrossed in a conversation .
te	O	His mother was still talking , saying something ... her voice droned on , but he couldn 't listen .
te	I	It just so happens that our mind is where he drew the line , and sometimes we need our own private space .
te	I	I 'm certain that most of you have heard of her , and the lady in question has a towering reputation .
te	O	I don 't know where he sleeps , and I wouldn 't tell you if I did .
te	O	They 'll listen to you and I 'm right behind you .
te	I	I collapse in a heap , and my legs buckle beneath me .
te	I	The engine didn 't roll over , but I stuck the key in the ignition .
te	O	I 'd contemplated many things from the vampire 's viewpoint , but this was something I hadn 't .
te	O	Sure , I could move , find a place that was cleaner , farther out of the heart of the city , but I liked it here .
te	I	She scowled again and mom turned to her younger brother snoring in the chair while the Skipper whacked Gilligan with his cap .
te	O	He looked like he was about to speak , but no words came out of his open mouth .
te	O	No one noticed , and I hastily headed for the castle , figuring nothing would sprout out of stone walls .
te	I	I get in the hall to find him already at the door and he doesn 't answer .
te	I	The moment I saw you at our party I knew I had to have you , but I can 't explain it .
te	O	It wasn 't even a figure that moved at him then , but a shape , a blur , grey around the edges it moved so fast .
te	I	He won 't see Burke hanged but Culver figures you 're all guilty .
te	I	The odors arising from the dump nauseated him , and Elliot 's head ached .
te	O	It was like they were the only two people on court , and everyone else were just bystanders .
te	I	She 'd worked for him so long she probably couldn 't get another job , but he took her for granted .
te	I	It felt like a year but it had been just a little over twenty-four hours since he 'd last seen Golden .
te	I	I reached down to her pants and she laughed .
te	O	Georgie wouldn 't admit it , but she had a whole box of stuff from that time .
te	I	He doesn 't know what to say , but Max opens his mouth to speak .
te	O	The wire loosened abruptly and he heard something falling from above .
te	I	His voice seemed to fill the room , drowning out all else and Tynan held up his hands .
te	I	I can see the irony of it all and a veil of darkness blankets my eyes .
te	I	Dean came up with an idea , but we missed our original flight plan .
te	I	It was long enough that the water started to cool , but Ford didn 't know how long they stayed like that .
te	O	she asked , and Brimstone nodded .
te	I	It had only been a moment and I missed feeling it in her hand .
te	O	He straightened his clothes in silence , but his entire being ached .
te	I	This seemed different , but he had never had problems in tight spaces , even once went on his belly thorough a passage in a cave .
te	I	She couldn 't be sure , but she thought Vane was smiling .
te	O	He opened the book to a favorite chapter , and an envelope dropped out .
te	I	I will do as I must , and you will do as you wish .
te	I	She deserved to be freed , and she was the true hero , much more so then he himself was .
te	O	My whole body feels like it 's turned to liquid , and I barely resist the urge to melt to the floor .
te	O	She winked , and I almost barfed .
te	O	Having grown up in a house with four sisters he had constantly been around it , but he couldn 't tell you which sister favored what fragrance .
te	O	We were climbing up a steep hill and I guessed where we were .
te	O	The glow stones in the ceiling flickered and the ground shook .
te	O	I started to get up , but a hand curled around my wrist .
te	O	He put his hand on my shoulder , and even now I loved that .
te	I	The two positioned themselves on either side of the gold totem , and Maggie nodded .
te	I	She sat up and her binds fell to the side .
te	O	By afternoon the calls had slowed , and I had time to even think again , snatching time for a sandwich at my desk .
te	O	Perhaps it could be reversed he wondered , or maybe the Doctor could do something .
te	I	William nodded to let her continue but Melinda went to stop her .
te	O	The floor seemed to rise , and she buckled to her knees .
te	O	The tall evergreens of the Yew Land surrounded us , and the Otherworld 's familiar road was beneath us .
te	I	She wasn 't about to welsh on it and that was the deal .
te	O	She could hardly believe the size of those buildings , or the mass of ships docked in front of them .
te	I	She was way ahead of me and somehow she was able to just sail right across it .
te	O	Chewing the bark made him think of real food , and his stomach released spasms of displeasure that momentarily overwhelmed his other pains .
te	I	He was silent for a moment as he glanced through the legal documents , and I handed him the envelope .
te	I	I clapped her on the back , almost sending her tumbling into Alexei 's lap , but Rory started to open her mouth again .
te	I	Her hands , and her mouth shook .
te	I	Today I had an agenda , but I would figure out what to tell them all eventually .
te	O	The words were hard to form , painful , but I was a caster .
te	I	I could try to do something with it , or I could either let it sit inside the piano bench .
te	O	It 's always so quiet in my room and I hate it .
te	O	It seemed a little unfair to kill him , but he mentioned the spell was only temporary .
te	O	She pounded again , and this time Darkness wrapped up their opening song at the same time her knuckles were rapping on the wood .
te	O	He searched for anyone who might be connected to the neighboring air base , but he spotted nothing overt .
te	O	I knew he was in one of my classes , but we had never talked .
te	O	Separately they each wandered off to the nursery to admire young Harrison , yet both men could only focus on one person -- Mary Ellen .
te	I	I 'm exhausted , and it 's late .
te	O	They shared a perplexed look but they had seen far stranger things of late .
te	O	He was dressed in black , with a long scarf looped around his neck , and gloves covering his hands .
te	I	No one else ever called her Tessie , and it was in his handwriting .
te	O	I was suddenly cold , and my feet were bare .
te	O	Chase 's gaze drifted in that direction and some of the taut fury left him at once .
te	O	It was getting late in the day and the sun was disappearing beyond the mountains .
te	I	It turns out he wasn 't doing the game this year , but I was looking forward to John Madden 's Turkey Leg awards .
te	I	Caroline went back to work , and maris smoothed her expression .
te	O	Thinking , He 's saying the right things , but I can 't tell what he really feels .
te	O	Anderson could tell right away that Beau was upset about something and he probably knew why .
te	O	Like I 've known her forever and yet we 've barely just met .
te	I	We didn 't believe in ourselves , or we couldn 't take our relationship higher if any mistrust was between us .
te	O	I just grunted , or maybe it was a snort .
te	O	Sean was edgy , and I heard him shove one of the wooden chairs back with a screech .
te	O	Cut it , and up to a point it will heal , as a dead body would not .
te	O	We didn 't expect to catch them , but it was fun to follow them .
te	O	Tears flowed and her body shook as she yanked the clothing from her skin .
te	O	Her nails sank deeper , cutting skin , and he nearly moaned at the heady sting .
te	I	It was apparent that it was an electrical conductor of some sort , but Devon had never seen anything like it before .
te	I	I 'm doing a lot better now , and I had fun with you .
te	I	As the water drops hit , he could see faint blue flickers of the shield over her wound , and her head fell back on his chest .
te	O	One would not have thought it possible for Jennie 's posture to be any straighter , but she straightens .
te	I	They were both adventurous and both of them were slightly plump , with round red chubby cheeks .
te	O	The farms were filling up with more livestock , and people had renewed pride in Prairie .
te	I	Selma noticed the dressing emptying from the bottle , and liquid dripped down her arm .
te	I	She could tell he was starting to get angry and she watched as John turned bright red in the face .
te	I	Robby knew that the shot had been given successfully , and a charged , electric sound briefly filled the room .
te	O	Jake did what an eight - year - old could do , but there was nothing left to be saved .
te	I	She tried to remember what Aurora had said about her plans and the house was quiet when she walked in .
te	O	I could easily find something to drink but I don 't want to abandon my post .
te	O	Daniel rubbed his head , but it didn 't stop the pounding .
te	O	Marshall didn 't skip a beat and neither did the service at the Venetian .
te	I	He didn 't want to lose what he had , but he didn 't know if he really wanted more .
te	O	Most of the crew had already passed out in their berths and several men were snoring loudly .
te	I	He broke the rules he was supposed to follow and he didn 't want her to suffer any longer .
te	O	Suddenly a man 's figure appeared in the opening , and he began moving in our direction on all fours .
te	I	Zane blinked a few times as he found himself standing in what was unmistakably the French Quarter , and the hood was yanked off .
te	I	I was cleaning the kitchen and Merrill wandered in while they were eating .
te	O	She tried to pull away but he tightened his hold , continuing their glide around the dance floor .
te	I	In truth , the drive to Gandia was exceedingly pleasant but I had expected a stream of old , unpleasant memories .
te	O	I trip over my own feet , and Will steadies me .
te	O	That in itself had been a feat , but it had been a fabulous last year .
te	O	she said , and Henry nodded .
te	O	I tried tentatively , or at least I might have whispered it .
te	O	Finally we 're alone , and the hallway is quiet .
te	O	She 's always thinking she forgot about her meds , but the truth is she just can 't remember anything anymore .
te	I	He had a possessive air about him , but his eyes were hooded , his lips straight .
te	O	On the drive down I described the incident of the morning , but Elise didn 't seem all that concerned .
te	I	Then T.J. was assigned to head this critical assignment , and the first three were amazing .
te	I	Then he 'd take her again , and he 'd give her a few more minutes .
te	I	We managed to clear the fences without any trouble , but once I had figured that out , jumping was , well it wasn 't exactly easy .
te	I	She didn 't seem to want to have anything to do with me , but all I knew was that I wanted to hold her hand again .
te	I	An hour later he reached the outskirts of Manhattan , but the driving was slow going .
te	I	The mosquitoes were incessant and it was getting darker .
te	I	I spun to face him and Preston rose to his feet .
te	O	He glanced at Nicholas for approval , but Nicholas was watching Stella .
te	O	She looked up at me with analyzing eyes and I wondered if my thoughts were all over my face .
te	I	It only dropped him to his knees , but the blow should have killed him instantly .
te	I	He lowered his head and his expression changed .
te	O	I 'll make sure you own it and all the legal work is done properly .
te	O	They looked bewildered when I left them , but I trusted that their desperation for escape would drive them to figure things out .
te	O	The government would not benefit from a change at this juncture , but I am tired .
te	O	Spears was livid , and Carol kept quiet .
te	O	We paused at the entrance and Vincent peeked his head inside .
te	I	Your presence was felt and you were away from my protection .
te	I	It was tiring being on high alert , and Jackson seemed as on edge as I was .
te	I	Lightning fast , he was between them , but she began to squeeze her legs together .
te	I	It still made her mouth pucker , but then Hugh made her a whiskey sour , which she liked a little better .
te	O	Daemon cursed again and I moved , blocking him .
te	I	She fairly scampered down the paved driveway , but Fiji was not much of a runner .
te	O	I lied , and my mother smiled .
te	O	She was almost sixty years old and she felt as if her lungs were exploding .
te	I	I held his stare and he stared at me .
te	O	I know Claudia cares about him and it 's obvious he cares about her .
te	O	She whimpered , the sound inflaming his need , and he braced a hand above her shoulder , looking into her beautiful eyes as he thrust deep .
te	O	I bit my lip and he shook his head .
te	I	I won 't let it get divided and my attention is on one girl now .
te	I	He decided to believe him , but Jeff had no idea how he knew that was it .
te	O	Sage felt surrounded by her , engulfed by her , and he 'd never known anything quite like it .
te	O	The force of it drove her to her knees , and she was aware of Severance hunched down beside her .
te	I	You didn 't come in at all , or as far as he could make out , you came in by the door .
te	I	His foot propped up , like he 'd been watching me awhile and his arms were crossed over his chest .
te	I	We needed some frivolity in our lives but that would be a less educational trip .
te	I	There 's always hope , but it didn 't begin well .
te	O	She shrugged , but I could see it bothered her .
te	I	It didn 't matter whether he made it out alive , but I could have dragged him clear first .
te	O	Her mouth fell open , and then she snapped it shut .
te	O	Someone was always laughing , and then , suddenly , the music changed .
te	I	He wanted to avoid that at all costs and to break that protocol could set her brilliant mind in motion .
te	I	The man nearest him stood , and several people waved hello .
te	I	Only water came up , but she tried to scream .
te	I	It 's difficult to keep up with her , and she moves at a brisk pace .
te	I	I just let it go , without trying to do anything and he told me about his parents .
te	I	She didn 't reply because a gorgeous man had come to stand next to us but I looked over at Alissa .
te	I	Clare will thank me for it at length , and I shall split them up .
te	O	I 'd never grieved Paul 's death properly , and I spent the week in Iowa doing just that .
te	O	Her sobs quieted , but she didn 't lift her head .
te	I	His hands tightened into fists , and his eyes , though , darkened a few shades .
te	O	He kissed her calf , and she gripped the sheets .
te	O	That would only create hard feelings with the rest of the household staff , and the last thing she wanted was to be surrounded by vindictive servants .
te	O	I 'm a part of you , and you 're a part of me .
te	I	It didn 't matter , but I couldn 't remember the long list Sir Albion had once written for me .
te	I	Her desire to have him inside her grew , and a trickle of moisture settled between her legs .
te	O	I tell him to keep them for himself and I snag our backpack from inside the door .
te	I	A brittle edge had entered her voice , but her smile was still in place .
te	O	His hand curls around the back of my neck and he jerks me forward to meet him halfway .
te	O	Then I remembered Sam 's veiled warning about the unusual nature of Hotshot , and I had a revelation .
te	I	I needed to give her that and he said she needed time to deal with things .
te	O	The tingling shot down my arm into him and he jolted as he lay there .
te	O	What came out was more of a growl but she stuck to her guns about the pain .
te	I	After just a moment , I felt back to normal , but my head whirled just a bit from the instantaneous travel .
te	O	She 's trying hard to speak , but the sobs have taken over full-force .
te	I	I almost thought she was buying Asa 's story , and Mrs. Kathleen nodded in acknowledgement .
te	O	He 'd just have to tell her as best he could , and then he 'd figure out what to do with the boy .
te	O	Phoenix grinned at me with this huge , boyish smile and I had to fall in love with him just a little bit more .
te	I	It had worked equally well in life and she 'd learned that in high-school geometry .
te	I	She didn 't want to keep hungry men waiting and if she didn 't hurry she 'd be late for dinner .
te	I	She took it and he extended his hand to her .
te	O	Andrew 's got Kevin 's back , but you 've got Kevin 's attention .
te	O	None of us had received any training in how to survive at altitudes higher than the gnome settlement , but I could extrapolate from what I knew .
te	O	Her chin dipped and she pulled in a breath to help herself recover from humiliation .
te	O	Shane focused on her , but that didn 't make it better .
te	O	Tony 's grin was huge as he stared down at me , and a lock of black hair threatened to fall into his clear , gray eyes .
te	I	There were few personal possessions on show , but the interior of the cottage was immaculate .
te	O	Julia 's eyes widened , and she laughed in surprise .
te	O	The door closed and I felt the coach rock as he climbed aboard .
te	O	There are so many people that have helped me along this journey and I would be remiss in not mentioning them .
te	I	The crease of concern between my mother 's eyebrows doesn 't fade , but the customer waiting at the counter is watching us .
te	O	My clothing felt too airy , but I knew some sort of material draped me .
te	O	For the sake of your name you must have a son , and for your father 's honour you must marry the Lady Adele .
te	O	It was only water , and he was with people who knew what they were doing .
te	I	Something stopped me , but I wanted to tell her that , too .
te	O	He smiled fully and her eyes widened .
te	I	I knew something was wrong , but I couldn 't quite put my finger on it .
te	O	The aches of the previous battle had caught up with him , and he slowly followed Cody into the cave .
te	O	I 'm sure she wanted to snap , but she was practicing what she was preaching .
te	O	My body was covering Phillip 's on the chair , but the blow was so strong the chair was rocked .
te	I	That was a terrible bust , but I tried a glamour .
te	I	I wasn 't going to leave it up to chance , but I didn 't see any .
te	I	My head was throbbing and Blood was gushing out of my arm .
te	O	Blood gushed out and he painted a pentacle on his hand with blood .
te	O	Meyer was thirsty but he had no appetite at all .
te	O	A new song switched on , something by Pink , and suddenly I didn 't mind it was so loud .
te	I	The path of right will have been nearly forgotten , and Power , in this time , will mean everything .
te	O	I felt her eyes on my face , but I didn 't open my own .
te	I	The crew was waiting to take over , and the budget on this party had enabled her to splurge on everything , including cleanup .
te	I	Hatred does , but Crying doesn 't help anything .
te	O	Christian made a noise , but I didn 't look up at him .
te	I	Michael drew away before he could touch him , but he leant forward to pat Michael 's arm .
te	O	Neo Utopia was an attempt to kill us all and Lunar was a trap .
te	O	Something was wrong here and it had me worried .
te	O	When I die , which will be soon - and no , don 't say that it won 't .
te	O	Her eyes grew hot and she felt like she might explode .
te	O	I started the mini-van and we got back onto the highway .
te	I	She let out a little moan , and mom 's hand had frozen in Claire 's hair .
te	O	He did so and nothing much happened .
te	I	Several taller men in the crowd blocked me , but I tried to catch a glimpse of the doorway .
te	O	Caroline couldn 't be sure , but she thought she caught a brief glimpse of despondency in Eddie 's expression .
te	O	Two bedside tables were either side of the bed and a chest of drawers was next to the one closest to where Rick lay .
te	I	Those who did not meet the criteria were immediately rejected , and the precedence that the company 's medical staff had outlined was very specific .
te	O	He said something to me in that other language , and I frowned , not understanding .
te	O	I don 't know what it is about him , but he comes across as shady .
te	O	Better yet , why don 't we fly to Texas to meet with her , and then you can meet Bob .
te	I	I can 't make any promises but I can certainly try to help .
te	O	I called Mom and she knows you 're going over .
te	I	We ... felt we had more justification for our worry , but all parents worry about their children .
te	I	It came to life , and she touched the screen .
te	O	There were footfalls behind him , but he was not being chased .
te	I	She did not try to avoid the question , but her lined face stilled , her eyes on some distant memory .
te	I	His hand stopped short on a sphere wrapped around his head , but he felt to see what she had fixed over his eyes .
te	O	With his other hand he slammed shut the door , and I heard something crash against it .
te	I	I haven 't heard from him since and he 'd already left town by the time I got there .
te	I	They had put him to sleep somehow or the demons had a way to stanch communication .
te	O	It is all glass and the walls around the Jacuzzi are mirrored .
te	O	She would remain angry at me , and the Prince would do the same .
te	I	The hem fell almost to my knees and the sleeves were inches past my fingertips .
te	I	Most of the cars were parked there , and the main entrance was at the front .
te	I	She 'd felt his loss to the marrow of her bones , and he 'd been a loving man with a zest for life .
te	O	Jack had attempted to get the money , but the lightening had knocked down key elements in the grid , making the electronic transfer impossible .
te	I	It won 't be long before our ride arrives to pick us up , but we can talk more .
te	O	The lights dimmed and a hush fell over the audience .
te	I	It didn 't make catching a cab very easy , but she imagined that was why her parents chose the location .
te	O	He had on a pair of jeans , and he didn 't move .
te	I	It wasn 't simply because of the unexpected heat wave , and Allan could feel the temperature rising among the fur traders .
te	O	I tried to gather my energy enough to lift the wallet , but my thoughts were scattered , laced with images of Jacob falling to his death .
te	I	It might have taken months of additional time , but maybe we would have got it ourselves eventually .
te	O	I kept up the therapy , and by 3 I was finished .
te	I	Obviously this was headed in that direction , but it had never dawned on Dax before how AI could become a political football .
te	I	We went through it again and Aisling finished with everyone .
te	I	Kate headed to the bathroom , and her father scampered after Ms. Riggs .
te	I	We made our way through those handsomely and I had remembered to get beers in .
te	O	My fingers trembled as I read the short message , and I felt my heart stop .
te	O	Ray was a smart-ass , some witch that Sean had literally dug up from a hole in Mexico , but the guy knew his magic .
te	O	His eyes found mine immediately after , and I recognized the vague sense he had been watching me long before .
te	I	I often saw them taking notes in their books and the scientists in their white coats would watch me .
te	O	The rhythmic movement of his hands continued and I tried to relax .
te	O	The pain inside me felt too real , and I really couldn 't imagine it going away .
te	I	His mouth dropped and he turned around .
te	O	Instead he leads me towards a brick building , and we ascend a stairwell off the back .
te	O	The words came from inside the room and we 're followed by a distinct sob .
te	O	He spun me around , my back now against the wall and I saw him for the first time .
te	I	She really wished he wouldn 't and Douglas was still regarding her rather closely .
te	O	I walk into the building , ears wide , but now I can only hear the blizzard 's howling wind dancing around the creaking beams .
te	O	She has a respectable portion , but the amount is rumored to be unremarkable .
te	O	The gun kicked back , hard , into her hand , and the vampire fell sideways , blood streaming from his shoulder .
te	O	They do , and she crouches over the stretcher .
te	O	They evac 'd because the wind was a threat to the MAV , but the Hab can withstand a lot more punishment .
te	O	It came as a surprise to me that she still cares for me after all this time , but I can 't change that .
te	O	His eyes dart around the parking lot like he 's looking for an escape , and he sighs before locking eyes with me again .
te	I	I splash so much cold water on myself it makes my chest hurt and I go back to the creek .
te	I	I crashed to the ground disc in hand and the field let go .
te	O	She knew she shouldn 't be wondering about such things , but she couldn 't help it .
te	O	It 's the beginning of spring and the Alexandria air is cold .
te	O	The other guard 's flailing attacks needed parrying too , and the man was putting his full strength into the swings .
te	I	I felt a hand upon my shoulder , but sometime later , I can 't say when .
te	O	He was radiating worry and it was driving me crazy with the need to prove I didn 't need him to care about me .
te	O	Things would look different to him after a night 's sleep , and we could go looking for Brower together .
te	I	He couldn 't figure out exactly what it meant , but a tiny bell had started ringing in his head .
te	O	Dante nods and I realize that the car is slowing down .
te	O	He was in a magic circle , not one drawn with chalk but one made by the third eye of Shiva .
te	I	It would almost double over the next few weeks , and later reports would verify that the loss in human life was already several times that figure .
te	I	Then I disappeared into the trees , and both boys gave me a hug .
te	O	I look straight ahead and grin faint like creases in skin .
te	I	I held my pose , but it came at last .
te	O	The games were in two days , but I only cared about one thing .
te	O	I 'd never get to taste her again , and that hurt , too .
te	O	Memories flooded her , and her eyes filled .
te	I	You didn 't let it eat you up , and I left you hanging to follow my dream .
te	I	I could change our future , but I couldn 't change our past .
te	O	She was consumed with jealousy , and she hated herself for it .
te	O	Her lack of height should 've made her seem fragile , but he knew Lady Emeline was no delicate piece of china .
te	I	I don 't want to know and whatever he has really said doesn 't matter .
te	I	She cupped my head in her hands , and I brushed a kiss against her temple .
te	O	He turned to look at his wife , and Eliza nodded her approval .
te	O	We knew she was pregnant with Dennis 's baby and I felt responsible for that .
te	I	I did , but Phillip didn 't understand how tired Gin was of being everyone 's target .
te	O	She had done what she needed to do then , and she did what she had to do now .
te	I	There was no movement until just after dawn when a truck came down the road and it was quiet .
te	I	He 's here , but Peeta 's damaged .
te	O	We end up downtown , and I try to fight back the sense of deja vu as he pulls into a parking garage .
te	I	His temper was short and his word was law .
te	O	I tried to hold it together , but I couldn 't hold in my emotions .
te	O	A smattering of gunfire rings out , but it 's clear the guards are firing at random .
te	O	He could still make it out alive ; but there wasn 't much time .
te	O	It may have been in the past , but he needed to know .
te	I	I wasn 't afraid and he was in control .
te	O	I will take care of you , and I 'll explore what you need .
te	O	Rory didn 't close his eyes , but the confusion around his eyes relaxed .
te	O	He lifted a branch and it watered his arm .
te	O	Forget six-pack , this man had eight , and they rippled with every breath he took .
te	O	One boy was hanging upside down by his knees and the other was gobbling something ... out of a garbage bag .
te	I	She 'd made her choices , and Augusta had lived her life .
te	I	She resented me for it , and he 'd ignored her advances .
te	O	His chest hurt badly , but he was otherwise uninjured .
te	I	I sat back down , and he patted my back .
te	O	It was past lunchtime now and still I 'd heard nothing back .
te	I	I saw how warm he 'd been , and inside the safety of the house he shed his dark clothing .
te	O	Well , the two guys did , and the fair-haired woman just stared at me .
te	O	I 've seen humans do it a thousand times , and vampires are no different when it comes to this .
te	O	Scarlett 's face brightened , but she still appeared dubious .
te	I	He perused it in the hope a memory would be triggered , and it was his Hero section .
te	I	Now green lights flickered deep within the trees , but Huron Valley had been a black sheet under the night sky .
te	O	Echo 's family was close , and they were there for each other .
te	I	From there it was a much shorter flight to Zimbabwe , and we were almost to Johannesburg .
te	I	Set about his task , and he shook himself , grunting .
te	O	It is too dark to see where we are , but if we are getting off , we are probably close to the fence .
te	O	He 'd heard the short version , but now he was getting the gory details .
te	O	Simon looked like someone had just killed his puppy , but Kat closed her eyes , absorbed by every word .
te	O	I 've never seen him , but if what they say is true , you don 't want to cross him .
te	I	I could see it , but it was barely detectable .
te	I	At the same time I also started to excel in my classes , but I was treated with a little more respect after that article .
te	I	They 'll be working for us , but they might not know it .
te	O	Her eyes felt heavy , and she let them slide closed .
te	I	Roberto gasped softly and Blood streamed from her shoulder .
te	I	I knew he was teasing me again , and he grinned .
te	I	That didn 't deter him , but Mac kicked the wrench from Raymond 's hand .
te	I	It looks it , but it isn 't new .
te	I	He didn 't care anymore so instead he looked away , but Dever tried to hide his frown .
te	O	He thought he was helping me , but instead had only made my life more difficult .
te	O	You just had to believe in yourself and everyone else would too .
te	I	He falls backwards and she throws her arms around Ben .
te	I	My shoulders straighten and my spine lengthens .
te	I	His lips parted , exposing the tips of his fangs as he watched me writhe and his eyes flickered up to meet mine .
te	O	Surviving the battle had been his dearest wish ; but instead of breathing glad relief , his soul gnawed at guilt .
te	I	Without thought he stood up angrily , and Shawn had seen too much disapproval today .
te	I	Her breath caught and Kylie glanced up .
te	O	His head turned and their gazes met .
te	O	The name rang faint bells and I struggled to recall the context .
te	I	My emotions coursed through me in waves , and the dam around my heart was gone .
te	I	He sat down on the bed next to me and Marshall 's eyes softened .
te	I	Shawn still felt good about it , pleased that he 'd been able to take care of his crew , but they hadn 't accomplished much today .
te	O	It was his wounded side , but he didn 't even flinch .
te	I	I could hear the crackle of the long-distance connection and there was silence on the line .
te	O	She glances over her shoulder at me for a moment , still worried , but then she quickly gives all her attention to the computer .
te	I	I still felt a burst of irritation at his disregard for his own life , but he was right .
te	O	We left immediately , and I can barely explain how I knew where to go .
te	I	We 're back to the starting line , and it falls apart if we can 't reach them .
te	I	Lina pushed her away , but Eta tried to bite Lina 's neck .
te	I	She had found them in the midst of it all by herself , yet it could not be denied that she was afraid of the dark .
te	I	She 's no lady , but she may be female .
te	O	Her arms were crossed and her bottom lip poked out in a full sulk .
te	I	There was no lock , so she would have to take her valuables with her , but the inside latch on the door looked sturdy enough .
te	I	The terror is gone and it wasn 't like most nightmares , where you wake up safe in your room .
te	O	As soon as Ryder started singing the lyrics I shot him a sharp look , but he shook his head to deny it .
te	I	I didn 't want to go , but he tried to convince me to let him take me to the emergency room .
te	O	Another set of breakers is rolling in , and Nick starts to yell from the shore .
te	I	Her arm was too heavy , her fingers too weak , but she tried to reach for the door to open it .
te	O	She inhaled deeply once more , but still no smell reached her .
te	I	Calm was never used , but Excited was a rarity .
te	I	Craddock could help them and he hoped to hell that Vale was right .
te	O	I don 't know much , but I know what I don 't know .
te	O	The material dipped low enough to show her cleavage and the bottom barely reached the middle of her thighs .
te	I	The promise of trouble in them only compounded her instinct to dismiss him as a possible candidate , and her eyes met Mr. Neville 's .
te	O	My mind 's incoherent wanderings only increased my anxiety and the more I watched Teresa the angrier I became .
te	I	Seeing the car gave me some relief , but he could just zip his way back to the warehouse without his SUV .
te	O	Anna couldn 't tell the exact color , but this night , they took on a greenish tint .
te	O	She had expected to find him asleep , but he was sitting up , his back braced against the rosewood headboard .
te	O	He shook his head , and his eyes gleamed .
te	I	Sunday was no exception , and the miners were rowdy seven days a week .
te	I	The attacks will probably get worse - and they 're not finished with us .
te	I	I was on Missile 's back and Sally gave me a leg up .
te	O	Her eyes widened and her breath caught .
te	I	Without her knowing it she pulled it up her thigh driving me crazy and her fingers played idly with the hem of her patterned dress .
te	I	It felt like that , but I knew everyone wasn 't staring at me .
te	I	Each man 's world immediately turned from darkness to various shades of green , and Liam passed around the NVG 's .
te	O	They 've sent someone to check out on him , and the door was eventually open , revealing the body .
te	O	She wasn 't willing to give him any credit , but she did feel cooler .
te	I	The chitchat commenced and Dinner was served .
te	O	I 'm on the tenth floor , and that 's all right with me .
te	I	It was aimed right at us and it hung as if on wires , awaiting to be plucked .
te	O	His father was disappointed in him , but his wife is afraid of him .
te	O	The body was ripped to shreds and she didn 't see his head .
te	O	She explains and I glance at Ella , who is asleep , lying against my chest .
te	I	She loved him better than you , and you loved her better than me .
te	I	I know nothing about you , and you know everything about me .
te	O	I was flattered , but as I looked into her hazy eyes , I knew that now was definitely not the time .
te	I	Two buckets of water were tucked just beneath the food table , and a stone ring encircled the bonfire .
te	I	I smacked it away , but he moved his hand to pull me off his arm .
te	O	I still wasn 't pleased that she killed , and I really wasn 't sure how often she did that .
te	I	Still he remained a distraction , and he was gone !
te	I	Chase didn 't mind it but it was bustling with people .
te	O	Sawyer nodded and Aidan jumped .
te	I	The robe dragged heavily along the rubber floor , and his feet kept coming loose from the strings .
te	I	In some ways I still do , and I lived almost entirely for her approval .
te	I	I have a fedora fetish and I 'm Aaron Blaylock .
te	O	Last time I did that , I went to her apartment , and she never came back .
te	O	The trays of food blurred into one another and Messenger felt himself becoming full .
te	I	A jolt of electricity sizzled through her body , and his mouth found the corner of hers .
te	I	Finally , people began trickling out , and the party continued in force for another couple hours .
te	I	I started screaming and one of them jumped out at me .
te	I	That was when I got nervous again , and he kept moving south .
te	O	With the third she stopped and Linda still remained quiet .
te	O	Again I feel powerless , and I start plotting my revenge for all of it .
te	O	He had cut both sleeves of his pretty jacket off at the elbows and he didn 't look too happy about it .
te	O	Apparently he wanted to capture all aspects of life in the house and that included the servants .
te	O	The elevator arrived and he stepped inside .
te	O	A knock sounds on the passenger window , and I jump .
te	O	Now he had to face up to the fact that it was over between them , and she would move on to live the life she deserved .
te	I	She just told me she 'd made a ton of copies , but I 'd threatened to revoke her key privileges .
te	O	I shake my head , but my lips turn upward .
te	O	Everyone else was , but you weren 't surprised at all .
te	O	You will make your meeting , and we might even be early .
te	I	She was floating , and then her feet left the ground .
te	I	He 's going about it in the wrong way , but I know where he 's coming from .
te	O	She knew the part that Jake was going to play , but she had to make her part much more convincing .
te	I	When I did , I turned with a smile , sizing her up , and it took me about half a second to notice her .
te	O	The thing is , I am , but the fear has changed .
te	I	Even though Drake claimed not to be worried , she knew he was , and her uncle was still out there , somewhere .
te	I	None of it mattered , but again , the scoffs followed .
te	O	I didn 't feel the stake go in , but I did feel the cold surge of power .
te	I	I fought to keep my mouth closed and he loomed over me .
te	O	Frances noticed his voice was tinged with anger , and she cast him a quick , sidelong glance .
te	I	The driver made good time and the road was relatively empty .
te	O	Standing in the dark doorway , Gansey whispered Ronan 's name , and then , when that got no response , spoke it aloud .
te	O	They hadn 't told him what they wanted to talk to him about , and he was beginning to stress out .
te	O	Clouds gathered again in the late afternoon and soon a light drizzle began to fall .
te	I	Such protection came with a price , but the shielding protected the beast from the burning light of day .
te	O	I appreciate what you 're trying to do , but it would never work .
te	I	The current of pleasure leaped within her , and the transition from anger to desire was so swift that she couldn 't control it .
te	O	We offered them hospitality , and you do this ?
te	O	It made me feel comfortable and in a place I liked .
te	O	My eyes sting , but I can 't spare a hand to swipe at them .
te	I	The house fell still and the heat cut off .
te	I	He 'd saved her , yet he was a destroyer .
te	O	She wanted to strangle the Judge herself , but she 'd settle for comforting her friend .
te	O	His search was without direction , having never bothered to learn Charlie 's lessons about tracking , but he persisted nonetheless .
te	I	She was going to work hard at it , but how she was going to solve them , Tessa didn 't know .
te	O	She could have spent her time thinking , but her mind was numb - comfortably numb .
te	I	The land was rising now , the road running in a narrow valley , but the copse ended about four hundred yards along .
te	I	The blinds were closed and the curtains were drawn .
te	I	Will turned to me , and Skip asked John something else about work .
te	O	That surprised me but Len seemed to have predicted that .
te	O	Suddenly tears started welling up and she burst into tears , too tired to care .
te	I	The truth was , I was on the fence , but I didn 't want to believe it .
te	O	Another piece of paper caught her eye and she picked it up .
te	O	I kissed him back and we touched each other .
te	O	It was almost painful , but she didn 't mind .
te	I	He walked toward the bar , and he took her hand in his .
te	O	Toast was not a common item on the gentry menu , but the servants here had gotten used to my human preferences .
te	I	This is the first time I have talked to slaves and I 've lived in the north all of my life .
te	O	I 've crashed snow skiing pretty hard , and I know the body doesn 't like to make those sort of sounds .
te	I	Marcella had dined at the Columbia that evening and everybody who was anybody in Sarasota would know he .
te	I	I didn 't , but I could have pursued them .
te	O	We nodded and he left .
te	O	Having plans and then canceling them was worse than not hearing from Andrew at all .
te	O	It appeared we had confused them , and they were deciding how to respond .
te	I	I did see the branch start to sag dramatically under his weight but I could barely see him go across the branch .
te	I	I showed him my best dead pan and he turned his gaze to only me .
te	O	When the drink waitress from the bar came to the table , Mandy chose a diet soda , and Buddy ordered iced tea with lemon .
te	O	Kevin shot Neil a black look , but Nicky intervened before he could say anything .
te	I	What was crazy was Patrick 's smile of reciprocation , and she smiled at him , no disguise about the flirtation in it .
te	O	We come to another door , also locked , and the signal seems to be coming from beyond it .
te	O	I was still the daughter of a Titan , and no matter what Zeus did , I always would be .
te	I	I had kept my eye on him and he had stood unmoving the entire time .
te	I	He pulled into the increasing traffic and the car started with a rumble .
te	I	My feet ache when they touch the cold ground again , and my shoes are already soaked through from checking the tires .
te	O	I wasn 't even there , but I heard that bell nonetheless .
te	O	The portcullis was closed and the porter was quite noticeably asleep .
te	I	Maybe he didn 't really want to kiss me either , or maybe he felt me go stiff .
te	O	She slipped her hand into her lap , balling it with her other , and again , she took a deep , steadying breath .
te	I	He would still be arguing with me right now , and the chandelier would not have fallen on his back .
te	I	If we did not see this through , the situation would hang heavily on our shoulders and the police would regard our evidence as circumstantial .
te	I	He straightened up and a small jolt of electricity ran through him .
te	I	I treasured any time I got to spend with him , but it wasn 't much .
te	I	I just wanted to forget it , but I should have told you about the kiss the second it happened .
te	O	The Program is more than halfway over , and we should celebrate .
te	I	Even Coral 's lips parted beneath her mask , and that silenced them .
te	O	There it is tied to a stump , and we 're at the bottom .
te	O	I automatically slipped back into their minds , and she was right .
te	I	With a startled grunt , he let go , but Pain radiated down my arm .
te	O	There is evidence pointing to a second presence at the scene , but the police don 't want to push the matter .
te	O	I assumed he thought I was sleeping , but it 's obvious he knows I 'm wide-awake since he 's talking to me .
te	I	The rest of the call was filled with details about what Jackson had done the day before and Jackson seemed to accept my answer .
te	O	It wasn 't healthy and it wasn 't a great way for a relationship to begin .
te	I	A greenish light flared beneath her fingers , and her bloodied palm slapped against the stones .
te	O	She sighed aloud and I decided to change the subject , yet again .
te	O	She 'd paid seven hundred dollars for the Gucci bag and it served her well , connecting with a solid crunch against the shorter man 's head .
te	O	I shouted that time , and people turned to look .
te	I	She sees more of the world than I do , yet she has not left this room in three years .
te	O	His eyebrow rose and he leaned forward .
te	O	Sarah wasn 't ready for James to die , but she knew that didn 't matter , either , if it was time .
te	I	They might 've even caught me on the security tapes , or someone would eventually realize it was missing .
te	I	I 'd not even spoken with her , and I 'd only seen her once .
te	O	She tugged her hands but he didn 't let go .
te	I	Anyway , they were probably being monitored , and they 'd have trouble believing her story .
te	I	I almost felt ... nervous , but I couldn 't understand why .
te	I	There was really only one way to do that , and I wanted to see it firsthand .
te	I	He could still sense me , but he might not be able to read my thoughts thanks to the strength of my shields .
te	O	It 's special because no one lives it , no one else breathes through it , and no one else struggles from every pore with it .
te	O	The place needed a complete overhaul , and my creative juices were already flowing .
te	O	Zeke had heard of packs experimenting on their own , but he 'd never encountered it .
te	O	It was Saturday night and the place was crowded .
te	I	Firmly , gently , led her up the stairs and he took her hand .
te	O	Her gaze drifted over me and she paled .
te	O	If there is , go down that way and it should place you in the laundry room .
te	I	His teeth were clean and his mouth tasted better .
te	O	He turned just in time to see the rounds tear crosswise through two others , and sideways bursts of blood marked the line of fire .
te	O	She stepped to the door in order to close it , but instead she found herself drawn out in to the brisk morning air .
te	O	You think that you 're God 's greatest gift to women , and you 're wrong .
te	O	Everyone was looking around and they all started talking at once .
te	I	A nurse approached them and thirty minutes passed .
te	I	Her hand was shaking hard , but she tried to scroll through her numbers casually .
te	I	The minute I met you , I knew you were different , but hannah , I know you 're going to think this makes no sense .
te	I	A curtain twitched in an upper room , but Fat Charlie wondered if perhaps the place was deserted .
te	O	My emotions were now in turmoil and I couldn 't think straight .
te	O	Clementine shot him a look but Grady didn 't back down .
te	O	I was wide awake and I was hungry .
te	O	I felt something inside me respond , like a current beneath my skin , rushing up to my fingertips , and suddenly everything was much clearer .
te	O	A few of the teachers gave her looks , but Brooke ignored them .
te	I	It was no reason for him to shut me out , but I got that he was in shock over his diagnosis .
te	O	The soreness was unbearable and Carol began to cry .
te	O	I was alone in the world , but for the first time I didn 't feel lonely .
te	O	His eyes were fixed at mine and they 're a shade darker than usual .
te	I	We may need female thinking and she 's a woman .
te	I	I will not roast sitting outside and I go sit out on the balcony , knowing that the sun is now behind the taller buildings .
te	I	A bitter note crept into her voice , and she sniffed .
te	I	There was a layer of hard muscle beneath , but her skin felt silky soft beneath his fingers .
te	I	They shared a kiss underneath a beach hut one night , and one of them was a girl called Astra who was smitten with Horace .
te	I	It was easier now that the house was warm again , but I was still uncomfortable talking about it .
te	O	Matthias tended to prattle on , and it had already worn at the patience of the other members .
te	I	The build of his body was solid but he wasn 't quite six foot tall .
te	O	A grim light entered Fellows ' eyes then , as the police detective returned , and he outlined his plan to her .
te	I	The others will ever be and I am safer than you .
te	O	I didn 't want to do this , but I couldn 't see a way out .
te	I	Her fur stood straight up and her back arched .
te	O	The Commands themselves were simple to say , but providing the right mental impulse was difficult .
te	I	I assured him that Papa has the country well in hand , but he talked as if something might happen to us .
te	O	I can 't forget my childhood and I can 't erase the scars .
te	O	She gets better grades than me , but then I suppose she works for it .
te	I	She only found the clothes she expected to find , but Jane searched the drawers of the dresser one at a time .
te	I	I was still surprised by a personal call , but I guess if your apartment gets ransacked , you have a vested interest .
te	O	The TV said you should ignore bullies and they would leave you alone , eventually .
te	I	He frowned and his cell rang .
te	O	He needed me to stay , but I couldn 't live like this anymore .
te	O	The wound is long since healed , and I am glad for the umpteenth time that I carved that tracker out of me .
te	O	There were tears on my face , and I didn 't scrape them off .
te	O	There are plenty of handicapped human beings and nobody would say that they aren 't human .
te	O	It 's not Holly 's , and it 's not Marc 's .
te	I	I plunged into despair , and A couple days away .
te	O	Then we could have the calibration unit fastened to the rock wall out here , and that would regulate the input to the generator .
te	I	Her heart was like being asked to literally choose me over herself or she felt like choosing between her job .
te	O	Words didn 't seem like enough , but she forced them out , meaning them .
te	O	It would be Saturday , market day , and the roads would be busier than usual , providing more of a crowd into which they might blend .
te	I	Trying to be as gentle as possible , but Karl drew the girl near , firm .
te	I	The materials needed change as a result and some research projects take drastically different turns .
te	O	My body is shaking all over , and the ground is shaking too .
te	O	Nova stayed silent , and her father moved his feet restlessly .
te	O	Avery started to object , but Guy was too quick .
te	I	Most of them don 't know me but because of that , people know my nicknames .
te	O	He ought to express gratitude , but other feelings clogged his tongue .
te	O	We go home and it 's over ?
te	I	I was going stir crazy , and she 'd been out of my sight for around five minutes .
te	O	The clasp caught on the shade when I snatched at it and I had to reach out to steady the lamp .
te	O	Pantry doors stood open , and a stack of flatware chests stood on the floor by the table .
te	I	It was impossible , but she tried to smile .
te	O	Kent looks at me , and I can see that he understands .
te	I	I know I should have seen it sooner and I look at the image of us together .
te	I	It didn 't make my life any easier , but the fact that they weren 't forthcoming with information was hardly surprising .
te	O	I add a teasing quality to my voice , but the truth is that I want to know .
te	I	I suddenly felt unwelcome , and the tension in the room seemed to build with each word that left Devon 's mouth .
te	I	She never brought her trade home and this place was for her to live in .
te	O	His skin was even more tanned than David remembered , and that wasn 't the only thing that had changed .
te	I	Yet they were and the words were not what he expected .
te	O	They 're all good people and they 're worried about you .
te	I	Benson tapped the number for the top floor and the doors closed behind us .
te	O	I gave him a light shove and he smiled .
te	I	I knew he was hiding somewhere near his truck , but I could not see my father .
te	O	I never try to separate the memories from the dreams and I don 't like bringing it up ... because I just don 't need to .
te	I	It knocked me out for a bit and I got smacked in the chest with something .
te	O	She was too honest to deny it , but words would not come .
te	O	Nobody called that phone after work unless it was important , and I was expected to answer no matter where I was .
te	O	I sit on the edge of my bed , and Damien joins me .
te	O	Go back , Niamh , said a different voice - a woman 's voice - but I knew it was too late .
te	I	They met at the elevator , and her luck hadn 't improved .
te	I	He stayed still as a rock and he tilted his head forward as if he were listening for something .
te	O	JD stalked toward her , and Nick put a hand out to keep him from getting close enough for her to hurt him .
te	I	The story continues , but I pity you for such abysmal ignorance .
te	I	Catfish was hesitant but Jacobs joined him .
te	I	I was helpless where she was concerned and there were so many things she 'd wanted to know .
te	O	I thought back to the scroll I had in my backpack that the gnomes had carried , and I understood how they had accomplished such a feat .
te	O	He paused , and when no response came at first from Talon , he continued .
te	O	He looked for Theresa to make sure she was okay , but strangely , he couldn 't see her anymore .
te	O	It was more expensive to travel this way , but I wanted the privacy to fully appreciate my little adventure .
te	O	Her eyes went back to the screen and she began to look over the column .
te	O	She heard talking , even laughing , but it made no sense to her .
te	O	Max asked , but Gio didn 't answer .
te	O	I remembered what she had said about how Salina had watched her drown - and the pleasure the elemental had taken in it .
te	O	She hadn 't told Ethan yet and I knew just as well as she did , that he wasn 't going to be happy about this .
te	I	That would be hours from now , and it sharpened as night came on .
te	O	Chien 's mouth went dry and his heart hammered .
te	O	I was the person no one wanted to see , and when I did run across the rare mortal on the surface , they all fled .
te	O	He stood with his back to the tree and his arms wrapped around the trunk behind him .
te	I	Her stance said it all , and she only stopped when she stood next to Rebecca .
te	I	Percival was loudly voicing his own desire to never ever be given wings again and he still had a vice like grasp on Trinity .
te	O	He eventually got too big to get beat up by his dad , but no one really knows what happened to his mother .
te	O	There was anticipation in the air and the only illumination cast on the meadow was the thin slash of moonlight that hovered over distant trees .
te	O	I wanted to step toward him , but something held me .
te	I	It wasn 't fear , but I shook with emotion .
te	O	I turned to Claire with a strained smile , but she just raised an amused eyebrow .
te	O	He didn 't need to know the details , but at least she 'd told him the truth .
te	I	The chair began to rock and the ripples in the water grew .
te	I	He shook his head to clear it and the curtain of exhaustion began to descend upon him .
te	I	He wasn 't stopping there , and he was stealing her heart .
te	O	I was deep in some damn cave full of spiky things and I couldn 't see .
te	I	You weren 't even a bit surprised but I mean , you two are Christian .
te	I	Rachel had ignored them , but he 'd made overtures to that effect .
te	O	My voice was flat and no emotion was betrayed .
te	I	He would not bargain with you and books were always from Russian publishers .
te	O	I wanted to believe them , but it would take a miracle .
te	O	Lei had wished me well at work on Friday when I told her what was happening , but she 'd been notably subdued .
te	I	He pulled me closer but I tried to wrench out of his grip .
te	O	I put on one stupid frilly dress and suddenly you think I might care for you ?
te	O	His hand cradled the back of my head and he stared down at me with angry eyes .
te	I	I was doing my best to decipher their conversation , because I couldn 't imagine one thing Aly needed to say to him , and Aly blinked .
te	I	They were the best six months of his life , and he 'd been married to Allie for six months .
te	I	His eyes closed , and he sighed .
te	O	It could have been his imagination , but he thought he heard terrified screams from within .
te	O	A couple of guys from the team call out to us , and I pat Gage on the shoulder , shoving him in their direction .
te	O	Another blazing torch is mounted on the wall and the heat burning off it only offers my body more discomfort .
te	O	I can see Ty standing next to my truck waiting on me , but I stop to find out what she wants .
te	I	He had no hand in the final resolution , but he saw the destruction of good people day after day after day .
te	I	I discovered she hadn 't taken off everything and as I moved upward to her neck , my fingers touched a fine metal chain .
te	O	That same night , another Valkyrie had shot him through with arrows and still another had mocked his desires .
te	O	He grabbed her hand and in three great strides he was at the foot of the stairs , dragging her behind him .
te	I	I cringed and the image replayed in slow motion in my mind .
te	I	She 's rich and she 's beautiful .
te	O	No doubt you are all brimming with questions , but rest assured that everything will soon become clear .
te	O	She had convinced herself that his bark was more dangerous than his bite , but his cold words made her think otherwise .
te	I	I do my best not to look into his false eyes , and he smiles as I stop beside him .
te	I	I wonder if it has anything to do with Raffaele 's energy this time , and my heart thrills again at that .
te	I	He drove off into the night and I raised my hand , not wanting to wave goodbye as the door closed .
te	I	As he jumped onto the deck , they crumbled into a pile with a thunderous boom , and the walls began to buckle then .
te	O	He was Jake Salter but he wasn 't .
te	O	You love me and I love you .
te	I	We 're not going to happen or he 's either going to be true to me .
te	O	We all have it , the enhanced sense of smell , but Nathan 's ability is extraordinary .
te	I	It was coming from him , but the sound wasn 't coming from Jane .
te	O	I followed him to the limousine , joined Jane in the back seat and we drove off .
te	O	She also remembered the common office joke that old Winter was a clone based on how plastic he seemed , but this was different .
te	O	He flashed me a smile as if to say Lame joke but I 'll smile to make you feel better .
te	O	Jackson wished he could see the super impressed look on Austin 's face but the flashlight blinded him .
te	O	Liam noted that the steering wheel was jammed up under her ribcage , and the front of the car looked like an accordion .
te	O	Alec 's lips moved , but no sound came out .
te	O	Stars dappled the night sky , and a crescent moon was partially obscured by cloud cover .
te	O	It was the Director who wore blue , and for one instant a thought that was pure nightmare crossed Jane 's mind .
te	O	Is all Julie could think and her cheeks started to gain a blush , just like Lea 's cheeks .
te	O	The girl threw her arms around Selma 's waist in a hug , and she heard the front door shut .
te	O	Before she knew it , he grabbed her around the waist and she screamed out , laughing at her pathetic attempt to steal potato chips .
te	O	He grows quiet again and I wonder if I said something wrong .
te	O	I sat down panting and he sat next to me wearing that infuriating , bemused expression .
te	I	They 'll like you and be likeable .
te	O	I believed that she could , and I believed that she would .
te	O	A moment later his father walked into the kitchen with the camera , and he set it on the table .
te	O	The resulting clatter told her everything had spilled out as it fell , but she didn 't have time to worry about what she might lose .
te	I	We heard her mom moving for the stairs , and Janelle tore the bottle of perfume back out of my hand just as I finished .
te	I	Peter promised investors 15 % , and the industry average growth was around 8 % .
te	I	Spencer stilled them with his own and my hands began to visibly shake .
te	O	She disappeared a moment later , and he was clasping only air .
te	I	You say that too many men are coming to our table and I wear a fitting dress tonight .
te	I	He had nothing to pin on him but love hadn 't liked her husband .
te	I	I finally smiled , giving in to his request , and his voice took on a light , teasing note .
te	O	She 'd been leaving signs , and these weren 't just rudimentary markings .
te	I	A figure motioned them into the dark interior , and the barrack door cracked open without a sound .
te	I	I was hooked and it was my first MMORPG .
te	I	I still thought he might slug me , and the muscles along his jaw were bunched with tension .
te	I	We will ask a simple question , and now we will study these statements .
te	O	It wasn 't really good , either , but she couldn 't tell a customer that .
te	O	For you it looks like the writer had a death in the family and you saw a glimpse into his conscious mind .
te	O	He held the door to the Jag for me and we were off .
te	O	It paused , and she heard the machinery speed up , as if it were laboring .
te	I	I was quickly wasting valuable time and Time was off the essence .
te	I	He didn 't need to , but angelus didn 't respond .
te	O	The darkness stabbed at the dome , but they vanished one by one .
te	O	He considered running , but the warrior bellowed again .
te	I	Her face was oddly blank and Marian , Colin noted with interest , sat next to Sibyl .
te	O	Murder flashed in his eyes , and he took a step forward .
te	I	If it adds nothing , then it should not be made ; and if love is the whole thing , then the promise can add nothing .
te	I	His mouth softens into a smile and I watch as his shoulders relax .
te	O	The man jogged after the car , and soon others joined him .
te	O	His mind traced his path to where he was , and he saw a shepherd at work , especially recently .
te	O	There was a popping sound , and then the flashlight went out .
te	O	My heart was in my throat , and my hands were slicked with sweat .
te	O	The tingling came quickly and she grew agitated again .
te	I	It wouldn 't be enough , but the sergeant fought like a berserker .
te	I	A bullet ripped through the railing in front of Matthew , sending splinters into the air , and a pistol roared .
te	I	My breath rattled a little when I exhaled , and my legs were still trembling .
te	O	He offered his hand , and Julie took it cautiously .
te	O	A few of the other recruits shifted their stances , but no one made any motions to leave .
te	I	His words filled the hall , but he spoke quietly , as was his wont .
te	O	There was a cry of alarm from below , and the young men drew slightly back , out of detritus range .
te	O	Luc released a curse , but catching sight of Holly 's pale face , he gave a slow nod .
te	I	She 'd ignored him , needing somehow to feel more in control than she actually was , but she 'd spotted Travis mowing the lawn earlier .
te	O	Soon it was far more than an hour and I knew I was running out of time .
te	O	he asked as we and almost every other man in the room followed their progress to the counter .
te	I	The words melted , but it spoke to me .
te	I	The hordes of people began to disperse and after a while the shops began to close .
te	O	He didn 't know what he 'd expected when he arrived in D.C. , but Amanda 's warm welcome was a solid start .
te	I	His skin turned blue , and Sable 's eyes bulged .
te	O	Anger exploded inside of me and I could barely think .
te	O	Julia found that endearing and she also found the fact that she had every right to touch him felt splendid .
te	O	Soon after he left , the Hurons got into a fight with some Sioux , and the Sioux attempted to broker a peace .
te	I	Although she held her head high , her gaze refused to meet his , but she sat , her back as rigid as his own .
te	O	The doctor said that it was normal , that allergies subside with growth , and problems disappear .
te	O	A part of her knew he was right , and that part terrified her .
te	I	He could take an educated guess , but Magnus couldn 't hear what he was saying .
te	O	Rand opened his mouth to speak but no words would come .
te	I	His family searched the barn and -30 - From far up the hill I watched as Abelard .
te	I	He restrained himself , but Simon nearly growled .
te	I	She craved ... and one kiss .
te	O	Rage shook Gabe 's voice , and the vein in his temple looked ready to burst .
te	O	Her words are slightly slurred , but she seems pulled together otherwise .
te	I	They are not going to find us here but we all have family somewhere -- maybe here in New York , maybe in other places -- .
te	O	It was indeed after six ... and that was no doubt the reason for the continued gnawing in her stomach .
te	I	She 'd been sick twice already and her nearly white hair was matted around her face .
te	I	I would run from this , but I don 't usually run away from things .
te	O	We weren 't exactly involved but we 've screwed around a few times .
te	I	That was much as anyone could expect from him , but far a little pleasant even for him .
te	I	I could finally see the other bed , and they parted like a curtain of flesh .
te	O	Paris respected her immensely for that , and he should be far more interested in her than he was .
te	O	He couldn 't believe it , and tears streamed down his face .
te	O	Those should be his goal , but Noah surprises me by slipping into the desk next to me .
te	I	Maks heard the guardsmen , who 'd moved off into the night , call out that they had located lumber and there was more arguing .
te	I	Rory loved the feel of water , but vampires could clean themselves .
te	I	Eventually the streets took him , and took to the bottle .
te	O	I saw a baby one last year , and it was so tiny !
te	I	I 'll treasure it always and it was a beautiful moment in my life .
te	O	She didn 't find what she was looking for and he lost sight of her as she moved through the room .
te	O	A sharp point contacted the back of his neck and he felt the coolness of blood trickle from the scratch .
te	O	We stopped in front of the hotel room and Will used the keycard to let me in .
te	O	Braden always won against me , but I 'd won our practice battle on the way to school with it .
te	O	I was screwing this one bitch and she told me she was pregnant .
te	I	Her eyes get round and her brows shoot up .
te	O	He touched Alice 's arm , and she surrendered me to him .
te	O	The blade sunk into his skin , but the pain Taylor expected was dulled .
te	O	Well , there was nothing for it but to try .
te	O	I guess he is not impressed with the locals and he has been raising hell with the FBI .
te	O	They were animals after all , and they had felt threatened .
te	I	We refer to ourselves as Carpathian , and we originated in the Carpathian Mountains .
te	I	When he got down on his knee , he proposed and Gavin came next .
te	I	They had all gone out , and I checked the candles .
te	I	A television hung from the ceiling and the walls had muted pastel wallpaper covering them .
te	O	That couldn 't be further from the truth , but I liked that he thought that about me .
te	I	Our tired , wet eyes met , and he pulled back .
te	O	They all look doable this way , but I 'm not so sure about coming back .
te	I	She loves you , but I know you are concerned that Corinne may not want to travel with us because she has a baby .
te	I	I shrugged a shoulder , readjusting my shades and her words cut through the fog of testosterone .
te	O	Cameron waited while the fire crackled and the window darkened with coming night .
te	O	Lacey enjoyed their day and now they sat at a table in Starbucks drinking lattes .
te	O	I desperately tried to will myself upward , but it was no use .
te	O	The image of him as a boy standing over those two bloody bodies fil ed my mind , but I didn 't say anything .
te	I	Her dad was his brother , and Mr. Deville was Camellia 's son .
te	I	There were many questions he wanted to ask , and Frank 's mind was focusing now .
te	O	The atmosphere was calm and he was enjoying himself .
te	I	His fingers rubbed against his temple and his hand lifted .
te	O	The stone towers creaked , and the metal girders groaned .
te	I	Credit is increased , and Land values plummet .
te	I	She was pretty sure that was exactly where he belonged , but they 'd all been so afraid Jeremy would end up in a sanatorium .
te	O	For a fleeting moment , there was a hint of surprise in Lucifer 's eyes , but it was gone as quickly as it had come .
te	O	A hand gripped my leg and I looked back at Aaron .
te	O	She rolled to look at him and Callum caught himself before he flinched .
te	O	It was his secret now , and he needed to guard it .
te	I	Ryder wasn 't letting her go , but tried to yank her hands down so she could touch him .
te	O	Amy smiled at Chris , and it made his whole world light up .
te	O	The covers are pulled tightly around her and she 's got a hospital gown on .
te	I	He is skilled enough but he is not as good as Sister Lexie .
te	I	All of a sudden my heart is numb again and my voice is small in the large hospital suite .
te	O	I think he was dying to get the weight off his chest , and he also wanted to know if I thought Frannie should be told .
te	I	He made some really good points , and Johnny was the more articulate of the two .
te	I	I wanted to see Henry , but I had no idea where I was .
te	I	Otherwise the house was quiet , but when she reached the lower level , she could hear movement from the library .
te	I	We must conserve our strength , but it is too far to run though that would be our best chance .
te	I	That was something Zane just wasn 't equipped to handle , and flashbacks meant military .
te	O	Her arms crept around his neck and she pressed her body to his .
te	I	The presence of the troops so early was deliberate and the executions were planned for noon .
te	I	Her grip strong and her hand was rough .
te	O	I think I can use my mind to entertain me , but thinking makes me restless .
te	O	It was a small item , but Vin had not forgotten it .
te	I	That included chasing herds over cliffs - and the old wolves taught them the easiest ways .
te	O	I tried to say , but only a kind of snorkeling sound like a gurgle came out .
te	O	Orson discerned the change , and his gaze left me for the black empty desert all around us .
te	I	The surprise was enough to send William backward , shaking his head , but the blow was one of desperation , with little strength behind it .
te	I	He 'd assumed she was throwing words in his face , but she 'd said as much earlier , back at her house .
te	O	Her artfully blond hair took years off her age and her relatively unlined face was as pretty as ever .
te	O	She struggled against the intruder but the relentless barrage of memories continued .
te	I	This is Carlos , and I 'm Tony .
te	I	He couldn 't move , but Bradford could see his finger starting to squeeze the trigger .
te	I	They rode up to Gregor 's hall , and for once the elevator wasn 't broken .
te	O	I knew about the dagger 's existence , but that 's All .
te	I	That 's not the answer Frank wants , but Truth , I have learned , isn 't dependable .
te	I	He 'd do whatever the hell he had to do - In order to survive , but it wouldn 't be much of a weapon .
te	O	The act of churning was invented by the McGill and he was proud to claim responsibility for the idea .
te	O	This rate , and he might not live to fight Stefano .
te	O	Her mouth fell open and I turned back around before mine could do the same .
te	O	It always coincided with my lungs closing up and me struggling to breathe .
te	O	Devlin 's hand was on her cheek and their eyes were locked .
te	O	Jack had known about us , and I doubt he was a fool not to know about Lennox .
te	I	I could understand how difficult it was to believe , but I 'd told Will about my dreams countless times .
te	O	He often looked as if he could , and he certainly had psychic gifts , ones that were a little scary when she thought about it .
te	O	He had a trimmed beard salted with gray , and his hair was cut close to his head .
te	I	Instead she looked into Grace 's eyes , but she turned to her right , eager to see Jakes smile , probably a little lopsided .
te	I	She stared hard at the human body before her and he finally walked over to her .
te	O	She was there and she was lonely .
te	I	I place her , but it takes me a minute .
te	O	A white railing enclosed the front porch , and a wooden swing made it seem cozy .
te	I	He didn 't look like he believed them , but the words came out of Dean 's mouth .
te	I	Scraps lay all about the torn up linoleum floor and dirty yellow paint is peeling off the ceilings .
te	O	I had never seen him in a hat before and he looked hot .
te	O	This ain 't Morganville , and if you end up in a jail cell , you 'll die .
te	I	I didn 't ; but before I said it I thought I would probably immediately regret it after I did .
te	O	I lean back into the sofa cushion and Marceline begins rocking again .
te	O	she asked and he grinned .
te	O	She can call until the end of eternity and I won 't call her back .
te	I	Even if I didn 't , I couldn 't stop myself from going to her , but I know her father knows how I feel about her .
te	I	She still couldn 't walk without limping , but her injuries had stopped being so irksome .
te	O	It was not comfortable in the rain forest , that much was true , but it was wonderful there all the same .
te	I	Peter was not about to query Erin 's decision and there was no wail of protest from their son .
te	I	I say nothing hoping he 'll continue , but Stephan being forthcoming shocks me even further .
te	O	I want to help him and that means expecting nothing back .
te	I	The rain was a sheet of ice and branches snapped at him .
te	I	Some Shifter women spread it around , but not all liked to go roaming .
te	O	He had no weapons and the layout of the Citadel 's interior was not common knowledge .
te	I	His soul was far older but he appeared no more than four years old .
te	O	I want him to say that he loves me , but I won 't ever make him give me that .
te	I	He owed it to her , and she 'd saved Miranda 's life .
te	O	Fiona appeared to be talking to someone who wasn 't visible onscreen , but Cole couldn 't make out her words .
te	I	She shot a quick glance his way before focusing on Lorcan once more , and Keira 's lips trembled .
te	I	She nods , and I ask .
te	O	Gabe used to shake him back to reality , and he 'd be covered in sweat , breathing hard .
te	I	They did not join in the accolades , but the younger Youth League members crawled out from under the platform now .
te	O	I tried to inch in front of Nic , but he shouldered me back .
te	O	There was a profound silence in the room , and for a second , Claire 's angry resolve faltered .
te	I	He was sure it outweighed him , and its shoulder would be even with his hip if they were standing side by side .
te	I	The conversations behind closed doors muted and the hall was empty .
te	O	Reid had sent another one , asking about her trip , but she would put off a reply as long as possible .
te	I	I smiled at him , and he turned almost guiltily .
te	I	I had to hide them from everyone but he said I should be proud of them .
te	O	I thought she 'd been really interested , but maybe she just wanted to mess around .
te	I	Then I watched as they all took out flashlights , and Quick greetings were exchanged , more like careless grunts than acknowledgments .
te	O	I knew that I was ugly crying at that point but I didn 't care .
te	O	Dusk was approaching , and from the looks of it , this argument was not going to be resolved anytime soon .
te	O	It was a real cottage , not a luxurious retreat for a rich man ... and Sam wouldn 't have traded it for the world .
te	I	They would split the royalties with him and Ronan would do all the work !
te	I	They have to believe something , but the police believe that is what happened .
te	O	Brindle took him a different way back to his room , but this route didn 't reveal anything important .
te	I	I could only wonder what he was up to , and the major seemed more haggard with every passing day .
te	O	He paused , checking the coordinates of Tolland 's ship , and then looked over his shoulder in surprise .
te	O	It wouldn 't be easy for a woman of her age and it was his duty to make sure that everything went well .
te	O	Max was the better target and she wasn 't with him .
te	I	Tamra is only about fifteen , but he said she 'd come early to see his little sister .
te	O	He eyes and the soothing way she spoke calmed him .
te	O	He knows I 'm wearing his cross and now he 's getting all misty .
te	I	The world comes into focus and I blink slowly .
te	O	Not that I was complaining , but I simply didn 't understand .
te	I	Seth starts texting on his phone while Luke stares out at the beach to the side of us and it goes silent again .
te	I	This time shook his head but Harry gave me another look .
te	I	I love her so much and I trust her .
te	I	She put a hand on the woodpile to steady herself , and even that small movement made her head swirl with vertigo .
te	O	He knew that the boy was messing with some bad people , but he didn 't realize it was the dopers .
te	O	I think I can sense hesitation in him too , but that could just be a lot of wishful thinking .
te	O	He hung his legs out of the trunk , and I removed the bicycle lock from his ankles .
te	O	He is not now in the camp , but the commandant will be looking for him .
te	O	It was not pleasant , but it was no risk to Mihai 's life .
te	I	Her position was being wound up immediately and she was going to be made redundant .
te	I	The rest of us have to be adults , but you can throw all the tantrums you want .
te	O	My hand dropped to my side and I cut him a look .
te	I	I laughed and he swatted me on the backside .
te	I	I drew short straw , but none of tonight 's duty pilots wanted this gig because everyone wanted to keep watching television .
te	O	I suck in my breath at the endearment , and Brand smirks .
te	I	Finn called a strong wind to carry the stone out of his hand and he held his hand out .
te	O	There wasn 't any coffee left , but that didn 't bother me .
te	O	I had been waiting for him more than two years , and somehow I knew him more than I possibly could have .
te	O	It was the day following our visit with Princess Alexandra , and I was beyond anxious to begin the Ashton investigation .
te	O	When he looks at me , a small shock pulses through me , and I quickly drop my eyes .
te	O	Until the eyes burned and the fangs came out .
te	I	His face turned a bright patchy red and the owner 's eyes widened .
te	I	I know that doesn 't mean anything , but I can 't apologize enough for him .
te	O	The door opened and Kaylin walked in .
te	I	I was more than happy with Nick , but it was upsetting that I couldn 't see him that way .
te	I	After all it was his very own special place and it was spectacular .
te	O	She rested her chin on a fist and her eyes glittered .
te	O	I want information , but I will only risk so much to get it .
te	I	I felt pretty confident that both were taken in completely different countries but I had no proof .
te	O	She felt the warrior 's grasp on her tighten , and she knew he was prepared to carry her out of there if she delayed another second .
te	O	Its color changed immediately to an aqua blue and it licked its lips .
te	O	I gently turned her onto her back and her eyes fluttered open .
te	I	The stress of the day leaked into my voice and I had one more burning question that I had to ask right now .
te	I	Rourke took the other and I took one of the proffered linens from his outstretched hands .
te	O	Clay died with no money in the bank , and his secret whiskey stash went up with the rest of the trailer .
te	I	You need to feed , and you are so hungry .
te	I	It was important , but she knew she 'd probably get in trouble .
te	I	It did a triple skip once her eyes met Sebastian 's , and her heart skipped a beat as she gazed at the brothers .
te	O	I tried to get up but my legs didn 't cooperate .
te	O	Her long , silver hair flowed around her beautiful face , and she smiled as Celaena set down her miserably pathetic knife .
te	O	The water was once again icy cold , and in my initial reaction to it I again took a swig of it into my lungs .
te	I	He looks relieved we have quickly moved on to a much safer topic and his eyes light up at the question .
te	O	She started to laugh , and I did , too .
te	I	I still wanted him to be aware what was going on , but it wasn 't football season .
te	I	It 's very true , but you may not believe it now .
te	O	He 'd only been home one day , and already jealousy was beginning to torment her .
te	I	Only a very few survive in hard-to-reach areas , and within a year they were felled almost into extinction by the ornamental house number plate industry .
te	O	She felt as if she were standing in the teeth of a hurricane , but nothing around her was affected by the strange gale .
te	I	Bat poo was falling like rain , and there were bats flying around everywhere .
te	O	The peppermint is overpowering at first , but then I taste something tangy underneath .
te	I	The ball sailed high , but it was a curl to Fabrizio , who was open .
te	I	A wrenching cry came from deep within my shattered soul , and I fought him one last time .
te	O	He knew how upset you were with your father , and he was worried .
te	I	The look in her eyes was dead too , and she was the mate of the dead Miguel .
te	I	We inspected it in silence , and I pulled the ring out .
te	O	Lloyd had put Rebecca in the hospital twice , and she deserved some happiness now that the man who 'd used her was gone .
te	O	Erik 's parents were basically good people , though his father could be a little on the stern side , and she genuinely liked them both .
te	I	I can tell she isn 't but she 's trying to act calm .
te	I	Sometimes I wished I had a cheat sheet so I wouldn 't need all the explanations , but everyone was young once .
te	I	Taking names and kicking ass .
te	I	You 're next , or keep playing along .
te	I	I wanted to stay in this car for eternity and a similar look passed over her .
te	O	Some of them managed to hit me , and I smiled at the pain of it .
te	O	Dave was five years older than Blake , and at thirty-four , Blake still couldn 't imagine being too tired for sex .
te	O	George 's phone suddenly rang and he excused himself , leaving me all alone in my booth .
te	I	You had no explanation as to why , and they left you .
te	I	I sure did on the inside , but I didn 't laugh out loud .
te	O	He 'd worked at the detective agency in L.A. with me , and he 'd loved disguises .
te	I	We would never separate again and I had my brother .
te	I	I still hated him , but he was the source of my livelihood at the moment .
te	O	He 'd seen Kelly earlier , and she looked as if she could have her baby any day now .
te	O	There was no snow here , though the ground was damp , and I wondered how far from my original location I had come .
te	O	At the time I thought it was because he was going to be the future master , but now I know that it was more than that .
te	O	In that way it succeeded , but their carelessness in concealment forced my hand .
te	O	The right passage took us to a dead end , and the left led to the center of the building .
te	I	He helped catch the rustlers , and recently I told your father .
te	O	I 'm not his property , and he doesn 't control me .
te	I	The walls were too close on either side of me , and the room was much smaller than it should be .
te	O	I was the girl Gage waited for , and I 'll probably be the one to accidentally kill him one day .
te	O	He brings his eyes back to mine and there 's an undeniable amount of lust in them .
te	I	He said he had to make a pit stop and apparently they had been texting .
te	O	Physicians fix things that have gone wrong , but my problem here was that I wasn 't exactly sure what was really wrong .
te	I	She didn 't seem to be able to stop , but she was sure she was making him uncomfortable with the staring .
te	O	Maybe she would see Sebastian again , maybe not , but she would always hold his love in her heart .
te	I	I like it , and you 've been a little different the last few days .
te	O	In my numb haze , I couldn 't make out the words , but I could picture them well enough .
te	I	She didn 't want the nameless woman to think that she was spying on them and she didn 't want Simon to see her .
te	O	She already knew what is going on , but she couldn 't explain it .
te	O	It was warm and the sun was high in the sky .
te	I	Their similarities were what brought them together , but their differences complemented each other .
te	I	She looked at me with confusion , and mom 's blue eyes fluttered open .
