tr	NNS	By doing this he had actually mastered two actions in one .
tr	NN	He liked the big snake , and the nice man said it was called Old Tom , which he also said was a nickname for the Thames .
tr	NNS	In the same way , Dan had shed the confines of his crippled brain and with it the flawed logic of a mentally ill mind .
tr	NN	They questioned the previous owner .
tr	NN	He would buy a razor , some shaving cream and turn his beard into mutton chop whiskers .
tr	NN	But it hasn ´ t been easy .
tr	NN	""" I don 't need confession after all . """
tr	NNS	When his growing herd had had their fill he took their reins once again and led them on foot into the trees .
tr	NNS	""" I have no business contacts here ."
tr	NNS	This binds the atoms together in crystal lattices that are very stable in their form .
tr	NN	The Blind King sheathed the dagger , and Jason placed it in a deep pocket of his trousers .
tr	NNS	When he smiled , he got little creases around his eyes , making them light up with emotion , and the most adorable dimples formed .
tr	NN	She also handed me a towel .
tr	NNS	you know the regular trouble makers in town ?
tr	NN	""" Perhaps Adam had an argument with Kate ; she could have hit him and run off . """
tr	NNS	""" That little whelp didn 't have the balls or intelligence to be a spy . """
tr	NNS	""" Afternoon students ! """
tr	NN	Even beneath the earth he would feel the prickly sensation that threatened to burn his skin , yet he was perfectly comfortable .
tr	NN	' Not quite ... you 've got an appointment at eleven thirty . ' '
tr	NN	She checked the clip .
tr	NNS	Each could produce three actions - approach , withdrawal , and attack .
tr	NNS	"I don 't need labels . """
tr	NN	He could see their resolve .
tr	NN	"And you have that quality that causes others to give their lives for you without question . """
tr	NN	No sizzling or burning or smoke that indicates infernal possession .
tr	NN	""" I say steak and ribs , then go to Rossi 's for tiramisu . """
tr	NN	Rory stifled a groan of pleasure , biting her lip to hold it back .
tr	NNS	""" Tastes like peaches and cream , with a hint of strawberry . """
tr	NN	""" Oh , by the way , I 'll be submitting an article about Dolly 's new recipe soon ."
tr	NNS	""" But I have my doubts . """
tr	NNS	The man , he 'd had much grief .
tr	NNS	He showed her his palms .
tr	NNS	A few people gave us good natured smirks for our absence , but no one said anything about it .
tr	NN	Swallowing a lump of guilt , I shook my head fervently .
tr	NNS	He read the wariness in her tone .
tr	NN	I could feel her palm quiver against my own .
tr	NNS	""" You like cow pies ? """
tr	NNS	His father spoke passionately .
tr	NN	"Did you hear the rumor about the Glass City boys ? """
tr	NN	I removed a climbing rope and harness from the pack and fastened them to my waist .
tr	NN	Jules handed me a needle and a length of thread .
tr	NN	"I throw off every "" Samantha "" insecurity and embrace the brazen Laura Drake in me ."
tr	NNS	""" You got directions to that Indian casino . """
tr	NN	Slowly , he kissed her temples , his warm breath sending tingles down her spine .
tr	NN	""" I 'll take that responsibility . """
tr	NN	As quickly as he had come , he crossed the terrace , descended the wall , and slipped back inside the library .
tr	NN	""" First we find Patch 's feather . """
tr	NNS	Jeff fit so well in this era , he even had multiple job offers .
tr	NNS	Sarah accepted warm hugs from Jack and Bethany , promising to return soon for a visit .
tr	NNS	When I built him , I didn 't give him any special defenses , though he does have some sharp metal claws , if things get desperate .
tr	NNS	As my vision focused , I saw clouds and a tree that stood in the middle of the ... well , wherever I was .
tr	NNS	I 've gotten worse scratches from our rose bushes , honey .
tr	NN	' No tanks or heavy equipment like artillery ? '
tr	NN	Slowly , carefully , he used the terry cloth in a way she was sure no one had ever meant for terry cloth to be used .
tr	NN	""" Did you get your packing done ? """
tr	NN	""" So we got nothin ' , like I said ."
tr	NN	""" Pete , "" he said , "" I can 't turn down the appointment but I want you to know I didn 't push for it ."
tr	NN	She must have seen the announcement of the engagement and then the photos of the wedding .
tr	NNS	You wanted assets stripped from certain persons of interest .
tr	NNS	You can make my excuses , and listen to the discussion in my place .
tr	NN	""" Ms. Mangle has a small task to perform . """
tr	NNS	- then he can 't admit his fears .
tr	NN	"Only he 's painted his beard and hidden his tool arm . """
tr	NN	""" Just follow the traffic ! """
tr	NN	"Let 's get your mop fixed . """
tr	NN	""" Yes , someone hacked my server and now my phone ."
tr	NNS	""" Why don 't you use your powers and open it ? """
tr	NNS	Even with the tourists off the island the workmen hauled their tools and building supplies around on horse-drawn carts .
tr	NN	Morton stepped off the cart , glad to have firm ground back under his feet .
tr	NNS	""" There you have the ruins of Cong Abbey ."
tr	NNS	"You could possibly develop other skills in the future that you 're not mature enough to master yet . """
tr	NNS	I answered the correct responses .
tr	NNS	Carol carried their dishes to the sink , stuck the leftovers in the refrigerator , and returned with the glass coffeepot .
tr	NNS	But the change in the soils took more than two centuries of work .
tr	NNS	He sets the fork down and rubs his hand down his face so roughly he leaves red marks on his skin .
tr	NNS	And some jingle balls .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers over us and then his arms moved around me again .
tr	NNS	It took Camden a few breaths to realize Mal had stopped speaking .
tr	NN	We walk around the lingerie and look through the racks .
tr	NN	""" She shouldn 't be down here , "" Dougal said , a growl in his voice ."
tr	NN	He carried out the actual theft of Art , but he wasn 't the brains behind it .
tr	NN	Fortunately , they had a supply of gasoline from the pickup .
tr	NN	I picked up a silver picture frame to bash them with .
tr	NNS	""" If you don 't relax when you eat , you can get indigestion and all sorts of ailments ."
tr	NNS	""" Plus , you had three older sisters . """
tr	NNS	""" Strip Poker , we have the cards , the table , and the bodies . """
tr	NNS	When he and Dorian were alone , Luke patted the mattress .
tr	NN	I can see the redness of a handprint after the second one .
tr	NNS	He didn 't even do dishes , just bought paper plates and tossed them in the trash when he finished eating .
tr	NN	Swiftly , I cleared the threshold of the portal and appeared right beside Nuru .
tr	NNS	""" We have some contacts in Homeland Security ."
tr	NNS	I liked the other members so far .
tr	NN	I sent a coded command from my brain to that implant .
tr	NNS	We attracted two more companions in the city - my ex-girlfriend , Debbie Hemlock , and Steve Leopard .
tr	NNS	She has fashion magazines everywhere , so I move them to clear a space .
tr	NN	Like Boggs , they had known the enemy hunger from birth .
tr	NN	""" Well , he only created the cavern , but yes , that 's the one . """
tr	NNS	Just before it slammed shut behind her , she saw the marks on the dark wood .
tr	NN	""" It wouldn 't be considered poetry . """
tr	NNS	If anyone else had done it , she 'd have knocked their blocks off .
tr	NNS	Jack flicked his reins , and Ezra followed .
tr	NNS	Out of these iridescent waves floated four forms with no discernible features .
tr	NNS	The crawlers had numbers -- huge numbers , compared with the humans .
tr	NN	Their journey north since then did not need much detail , and he also left out the bandits .
tr	NN	Behind him , Anatole was dragging a second wounded immortal towards the containment door .
tr	NN	He spoke a bit stiffly as if he were reading a cue card .
tr	NN	"He could hear Henry 's desperate plea : "" Ares ! """
tr	NN	""" Please turn off all monitoring software at this time ."
tr	NN	And I use this talent to answer the door , only to find Mr and Mrs Simons at the door looking scared .
tr	NNS	She pried her fingernails from the wall and moved closer to get a better look at Gwen .
tr	NNS	We finished our beers wordlessly , and then Brandon said he needed to go to bed .
tr	NN	She set her basket down and held her sides to calm her breathing down .
tr	NNS	This doesn 't undermine the efforts of so many great minds as they struggle to unravel the workings of the universe .
tr	NN	Tucker shifted his rifle and fired , striking the man in the heart .
tr	NNS	She might not entertain gentlemen in her rooms , but she certainly entertained them somewhere in the Grotto .
tr	NNS	In front of us , smiling calmly and cruelly , stood the members of the Greenwich Presidium .
tr	NNS	I set up three full blocks to the south of his residence .
tr	NN	Voices from his past swam through his head as Sheen slowly resumed consciousness .
tr	NN	""" I know , I know , "" he conceded defeat , and contemplated the cold-blooded justice of cheap briefcase latches ."
tr	NN	He handed her the vase , turned and left .
tr	NN	Since when did I have such a thick beard ?
tr	NN	""" If you want to be tried for your life , "" said the Fairy , "" that 's another matter . """
tr	NN	"I ... "" I couldn 't even complete my thanks because before I knew it I was gobbling up the fish ."
tr	NNS	Content at being alone for the moment Kol magically skins the deer and separates the meat while starting the fire to cook .
tr	NNS	Instinctively , she parted her thighs , and then she gasped when the length of him slid along her most intimate flesh .
tr	NNS	He stepped forward two paces and stood still .
tr	NN	""" You have a high estimate of his ability . """
tr	NN	He still felt some loyalty to Amber Rose , hadn 't been with anyone since .
tr	NNS	So Celaena merely studied the pages he displayed for her , flipping through one after another .
tr	NNS	In a nutshell , I outsourced my skills , instincts , cleverness , and good looks to the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
tr	NNS	""" You know the toll booths on all the major exit roads ? """
tr	NN	Tommy , already suspicious , began loosing patience ; always a dangerous proposition in dealing with Serge .
tr	NNS	She threw her blades down and kicked out at the shield as hard as she could .
tr	NNS	"That ' child , ' and I use the word loosely , is terrorizing your younger students . """
tr	NN	I fight the urge to roll my eyes at her ; I 'm less than two minutes late .
tr	NNS	Vinny and I are both consenting adults , and there was nothing bad about it ; in fact , it was great .
tr	NN	They hurried up the wide staircase .
tr	NNS	But the guy running the game has mixed up , he spills the cups !
tr	NN	In the tray where the cigarettes are released , you will find a cassette tape .
tr	NN	she emphasized the nickname she 'd given him .
tr	NN	Grinning cheekily at him I make a dash for the door .
tr	NNS	They fired their engines in reverse , space slowed down , and they were once again in normal space .
tr	NN	Sheriff Martin followed Case to his car .
tr	NNS	""" You have a few centuries of clan lore to catch up on . """
tr	NNS	The two teenagers had several failed attempts at head butting one another .
tr	NNS	The stirrings of familiarity roused his dormant senses .
tr	NNS	"We also run errands for them sometimes - "" "" Human blood ."
tr	NNS	""" I had a few fires to put out ."
tr	NNS	She tugged the reins , forcing Demon to a halt .
tr	NNS	The please had so much emptiness in it , so many years of loneliness , that it wrenched Iona 's heart .
tr	NNS	Today they didn 't wear the same brown coats with wide lapels that they usually wore , with their scarves of red and brown .
tr	NNS	""" Shouldn 't we be wearing helmets ? """
tr	NNS	""" Maybe a few interviews ? """
tr	NNS	""" Would you get the plates , Randy ? """
tr	NNS	""" Not while I 'm blocking any prayers from leaving this place . """
tr	NN	She ripped the lead block from Erin 's hands .
tr	NN	She held a garden shovel in her hands , cocked like a baseball bat .
tr	NNS	He faced the tunnels before us , and I the one we had just come through .
tr	NNS	Gosh , I hate hospitals , but right now it might be Jay 's only saving grace so I should be thankful .
tr	NNS	A hot metal shard bursts from a hole in the car beside me .
tr	NNS	Aiden was glaring daggers at me .
tr	NN	He heard rubber grinding on pavement ; the car must have made a U-turn , and the sound of the vehicle vanished down the road .
tr	NN	I mix the ice cream .
tr	NNS	"A revolution has no ethics ! """
tr	NNS	"Blowing up buildings ? """
tr	NNS	Quickly , she attached her skates , and began to wobble along .
tr	NN	I understood her silent plea .
tr	NNS	"No need to hide the camp , just hide our tracks from here . """
tr	NNS	Years of practicing had honed her skills .
tr	NN	He forced out an exhalation .
tr	NNS	I 've packed several fully loaded magazines .
tr	NN	He described only in the briefest terms their defeat of the invading army .
tr	NN	Thomas saw the squeezed berry in her palm .
tr	NNS	"I 'll make arrangements and send you the details . """
tr	NNS	They all had black ribbons , some thicker than others .
tr	NN	She sent him a glare , irritated even more by the insolent way he was leaning against the counter .
tr	NNS	Next to the mail that had accumulated while she was gone stood a dozen roses , beautifully arranged in a large clear vase .
tr	NNS	"The second has suffered even more losses . """
tr	NNS	Still , the essay had brought up good points .
tr	NNS	The next second I felt the first shudders of the most powerful orgasm I 'd ever had rip through my core .
tr	NN	"Stay the fuck away from me . """
tr	NNS	They gave themselves uniforms , an unspoken code , and found a sense of belonging , like a club .
tr	NNS	Luc scanned the dark silhouettes of the trees clawing at the night sky .
tr	NN	He plunked the tankard down and leaned across the counter .
tr	NNS	He patted the pockets of his shorts .
tr	NN	I threw my napkin on the table and stood .
tr	NN	As Carol laid down the law I loaded the dishwasher and cleaned the kitchen counters .
tr	NNS	She welcomed the numbness that settled over her , because she had no doubt that when the numbness vanished , the pain would be unbearable .
tr	NN	At that moment I felt a grasping of my elbow and snapped my head to see .
tr	NN	It climbed a gradual grade , and for a moment his view of the road ahead had been limited to the crest of the grade .
tr	NNS	From above I could make out the forms of the crew as if I were looking down on a set of figurines .
tr	NN	' And besides , I would bet my inheritance that my daddy could beat the crap out of your daddy .
tr	NN	Rhyme felt the pain ripple through his shoulder as the bone popped back into place .
tr	NNS	Dollop had faced down armies on his own , so how a stare from a midget nearly reduced him to tears was beyond him .
tr	NNS	To date , he has written six novels , four novellas , and fifty odd short stories .
tr	NN	For the briefest second , Daniel caught a glimpse of his eyes as they glistened through the darkness .
tr	NN	But after a moment , Hanna heard the gentle clunk of her bedroom door closing .
tr	NN	""" If the stress of your job is too much for you , perhaps you should delegate more responsibility to others . """
tr	NNS	The king found this most humorous and they both had a hearty laugh .
tr	NNS	Bathroom breaks and all .
tr	NNS	' Oh , you 're doing that fine yourselves . '
tr	NN	He had a rather pointed beard , a completely shaved , bald head and a slightly mocking smile , that was not entirely nice .
tr	NN	He touched the brim of his hat .
tr	NNS	He kicked off his boxers , and stepped into the tub .
tr	NN	I still want that fish and chips .
tr	NN	""" But my heart also demands confrontation , although my head disagrees ."
tr	NN	Mike and I could catch fish with our bare hands , and Jack could skin them .
tr	NNS	We 've exchanged those trinkets to always be with each other , bringing luck .
tr	NN	""" The roots sustain every plant and are what keeps weeds returning again and again . """
tr	NN	I fought the urge to look back at the driver and Hank before climbing inside .
tr	NN	It allowed the shark to circle around as he stared her down with his black eyes .
tr	NNS	When Cromwell 's New Model Army landed in Ireland , they faced only small Irish War bands instead of large , organized armies .
tr	NNS	He skimmed the pages more than once before meeting her gaze .
tr	NNS	How many families had the Assassins destroyed ?
tr	NNS	Where I 'd expected to see the same cold , grey blocks , pink and black marble covered the floors and walls .
tr	NN	""" Like a knight in shining armour ? """
tr	NN	The sky had withdrawn his fury and the rains had stopped .
tr	NN	Breathless from all the excitement she felt , she surrendered any resistance and pressed herself against him .
tr	NN	Thank god I remembered to put it back on the right hand , rather than the left .
tr	NNS	Work out terms to repay what I borrowed .
tr	NNS	I could smell the caramel apples at the entrance gate , and it was like he read my eyes as I stared at the vendors .
tr	NN	Take a lesson , girls : That 's how you communicate with someone you haven 't seen in ten years .
tr	NN	He heard the howling of the pack as they sensed the shift inside him .
tr	NN	Chase met his brother 's glare with his own .
tr	NN	Please God say no , how could anyone love that whore ?
tr	NNS	They attracted other clients the way a sparkling tiara attracted glances .
tr	NNS	Before she realized it , her heart was racing a thousand beats per second .
tr	NNS	We have sandwiches , and cakes , and jelly , and everything Philip likes .
tr	NNS	I test my powers , forming a small rose before our eyes and spinning it in a slow circle .
tr	NNS	She snatches the batteries from me with inquisitiveness in her expression and this weird look crosses her face .
tr	NNS	Frodo felt his senses reeling and his mind darkening .
tr	NNS	You know my negotiation skills .
tr	NN	""" Pick a topic , any topic , and there 's a pretty good chance I 'll be frustrated about some element of it . """
tr	NNS	Next thing he 'd be wearing overalls and sporting a red bandana .
tr	NNS	She had three fresh beers under one arm and handed them out .
tr	NN	They wanted more proof even if it meant blood .
tr	NN	He pictured the man bleeding to death on the beach , sacrificing himself to save them , the same people who had falsely accused and condemned him .
tr	NN	The crew chief made a helpless gesture with both hands and rose , too .
tr	NN	For most of them -- the ones who hadn 't known what they were really making -- Haven felt deep pity .
tr	NN	And as I watch them from my hidden perch above the cave , I squint and see her shine .
tr	NNS	We grabbed our coats and scuttled for the door .
tr	NNS	Lucien still battled fits of despair , and yet they came less and less frequently .
tr	NNS	Wilson expected school systems everywhere in the world to line up to buy his computers .
tr	NN	No doubt people didn 't dare sneeze in his presence .
tr	NNS	There were even smoked rat sandwiches with the crusts and tails cut off .
tr	NNS	""" Who had great tits ? """
tr	NNS	Wrapping the blanket around her naked body , Chloe could feel Lois staring at her as she walked away .
tr	NNS	He gave me a thumbs up .
tr	NN	She pulled her napkin off the table , shook it open and placed it on her lap .
tr	NN	I would see their creation soon enough anyway .
tr	NNS	We 'd received a few crates , but were running low on it .
tr	NN	He could no longer see any meaning in the many arguments he had heard on this subject .
tr	NN	""" She didn 't mean any harm . """
tr	NNS	I have fears about what happened .
tr	NN	"That girl has real talent and now she 's going to have a police record to go along with that talent . """
tr	NN	I sneak one more peek around the corner at the earlier versions of us , walking obliviously toward the car , and then turn and follow Carson .
tr	NNS	Ships do not sail the seas in winter .
tr	NN	At first , he received an abundance of gawking looks and bewildered gasps .
tr	NN	On the mantel , he spotted a collection of photographs and moved to study them .
tr	NNS	She gripped the handlebars , ready to flee .
tr	NNS	They brandished spears and bows as the Goblin Queen raised her scepter and waved it menacingly .
tr	NNS	Liam poured two cups of coffee , and she sat down at the kitchen table .
tr	NN	I can replicate the style other ambassadors favor .
tr	NNS	Pickers can 't pick just the oranges that are easy to get to .
tr	NN	""" We should totally join the circus . """
tr	NN	The girl descended the spiral staircase , judiciously watching her every step , holding on to the railing with both hands .
tr	NNS	He left the dogs at his place and used Callie 's key to let himself quietly into her loft .
tr	NNS	Anybody who does is essentially inviting all travelers in the area .
tr	NNS	Another gust sent needles raining down on them .
tr	NN	Her thoughts cast a pall on the bright morning .
tr	NNS	When you find the Cabin you must navigate its dangers to find Kathy .
tr	NN	How the hell do you define cost effective on compassionate issues ?
tr	NNS	During his imprisonment , Harry had heard the dogs being fed , but he had not seen them .
tr	NNS	I studied the tapes as he must have , and she doesn 't attack unless she believes she is forced to defend herself .
tr	NN	""" Around the block . """
tr	NNS	"We 'll ditch the control panels and all the power and data lines that lead to them . """
tr	NN	"My butt sees more bench than game time . """
tr	NN	Theo couldn 't see a record player , which made him feel uncomfortable again .
tr	NNS	she asked the giants .
tr	NN	While I was sitting at the table eating pudding she handed me a package that was wrapped in Christmas wrapping paper .
tr	NN	The lucky creatures couldn 't understand more than a handful of words , one of which was good .
tr	NNS	Sickness stalks the rear areas like a ravenous beast .
tr	NN	Ever since eighth grade you 've copied my crap .
tr	NNS	She had learned the marks .
tr	NNS	Anthony cut the wires to the alarm system while Chuckie picked the lock on the back door .
tr	NNS	Standing , she collected the dirty dishes .
tr	NN	My body gave a small shudder .
tr	NN	I did get one chunk off and spent the next ten minutes chewing what I could .
tr	NNS	Dickie brushed the crumbs off the front of his coat and began to walk back to his cart .
tr	NNS	There were much more pressing issues happening at hand .
tr	NN	Once he made that choice , they had no more claim on him .
tr	NNS	And right in front of their eyes there flickered famous clips from various documentary films that they had seen .
tr	NNS	She pulls down his boxers with one hand while she violently rips down her matching yellow and white panties with her other .
tr	NNS	As soon as he opened the door , the fresh scent that he 'd been missing filled his senses .
tr	NN	He took an unlucky step backwards , tripped over a tree root and fell .
tr	NNS	I could feel her ribs when she hugged me .
tr	NN	His finger traced down my spine to my tailbone and through the crease , followed the string of the thong .
tr	NN	His fingers found her cl * t and began stroking it .
tr	NNS	The software on the flash drive displayed all four camera shots simultaneously , each taking up one-fourth of the 30-inch flat panel monitor .
tr	NNS	On every wall there hung the antlers , horns and skins of many different beasts , including the brilliant white fur of a great wolf .
tr	NN	She glanced around the ridiculously excessive bedchamber .
tr	NN	Does he have a cap and gown ?
tr	NN	"He has such a sweet tooth . """
tr	NNS	' Many things , ' said Legolas .
tr	NNS	"I have certain abilities too . """
tr	NNS	Don 't take chances .
tr	NN	I 'd charged that hill because if I hadn 't , the battle would have been lost and many would have died .
tr	NNS	She 'd had some serious doubts about this biker .
tr	NNS	I researched the schematics of the particular devices used on Ms. Taylor 's ships .
tr	NN	So why did she now feel an overwhelming urge to claw the silly bitch 's eyes out ?
tr	NN	At the sight of him her heart gave a flutter .
tr	NNS	Selene had barely completed her remarks when Denison felt the beginning of pressure under his boots .
tr	NNS	She moved the top layers around , revealing more clothes beneath .
tr	NN	Miranda dropped her threatening pinky .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she was staying there that night .
tr	NNS	We both have a good six inches of height over Stenger and probably twenty pounds .
tr	NNS	"We have enough supplies to last that long . """
tr	NNS	""" Everyone has skills ."
tr	NN	The shapeshifter dropped the pistol he was holding as he sprang to his feet .
tr	NNS	He saw the parasites exiting the wounds the vampire had torn in her skin .
tr	NNS	I 've never seen so many weird pottery shops in my life .
tr	NNS	""" Can you read palms ? """
tr	NNS	He was putting steaks in a marinade .
tr	NNS	""" But I have conditions . """
tr	NNS	Unstable engines that destroy their own ships .
tr	NNS	It took me at least ten attempts to scale this wall the first time I tried .
tr	NN	She 'd chosen her assistant well .
tr	NNS	You do wonders for my self-esteem .
tr	NNS	I will register all sightings .
tr	NN	Fear wove around his fury , along with a heaping mass of guilt .
tr	NN	Cassie lifted its cap and poured its contents out over the logs .
tr	NNS	I bat my eyelashes innocently .
tr	NNS	"Had any good bites yet ? """
tr	NN	""" You want my vote ?"
tr	NN	She 'd learned that lesson over Christmas , which had otherwise been a miserable time for her .
tr	NN	His smile conveyed a timeless sensation , and she resigned herself to his presence .
tr	NN	He stood half a head taller than the natives and his stench indicated he hadn 't bathed in many months .
tr	NNS	""" Young ' uns don 't get houses a their own unless their parents outlive 'em ."
tr	NNS	Unable to stop myself , I clamped my thighs together and said his name again .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't stop the millions of questions going through his mind .
tr	NNS	No reply except a few dogs barking .
tr	NN	Jordan ran the explosives detector over it , sagging a bit .
tr	NN	Uncle Jared lets out a moan like he 's in pain .
tr	NNS	It was wearing rags , just a simple skirt and top , but they were burnt and dirty .
tr	NNS	""" I think I understand how this will work , "" I told my other teammates ."
tr	NNS	""" I 've also given classes here ."
tr	NNS	The burners send their apologies . '
tr	NNS	Chris put his cards down and met her gaze .
tr	NNS	"Thank heavens he married Margaret . """
tr	NN	Give me some credit .
tr	NNS	Clutching the steering wheel , I took some calming breaths .
tr	NN	But I have a reputation to maintain .
tr	NN	I can 't catch the bull .
tr	NNS	""" Support the raids ? """
tr	NNS	And if you finish before I get back , just check the aisles and straighten things .
tr	NN	In battle it responded to her every command .
tr	NN	About a year ago I was offered a promotion if I 'd move to this office .
tr	NNS	Again , I pictured her in her kitchen , but this time with a tender hand resting on her belly .
tr	NNS	He ripped off his boxers without arguing .
tr	NN	""" It could take a year Karla ."
tr	NNS	"Saw your texts . """
tr	NN	He squeezed her thigh and then released her .
tr	NNS	For years she 'd been finding solutions in all kinds of unlikely situations .
tr	NNS	""" It could explain the mood swings though . """
tr	NNS	We also possibly have new exposure victims .
tr	NNS	They got their families out , but they stayed behind to help .
tr	NNS	I 'm counting shots .
tr	NNS	"Do your clients get a refund ? """
tr	NNS	""" I likely deserve your wariness and suspicion ."
tr	NNS	""" I 'll give you six bucks . """
tr	NN	"What the devil are you doing assaulting my wife ? """
tr	NN	"He bought an eight thousand dollar pedigree bull that dropped dead five months later . """
tr	NN	It was not by any means an ideal defensive structure - but it was also far , far better than nothing .
tr	NN	He lifted his pencil and placed the point deliberately at the end .
tr	NN	Sand definitely had a thirst to it .
tr	NNS	She put down her cards .
tr	NN	I mean , who would want her only granddaughter to go to school where a student had gotten her throat cut ?
tr	NN	""" Did I tell you we saw a cougar in our yard a few weeks ago ? """
tr	NNS	I got the appropriate forms , filled them out and handed them to the officer in charge .
tr	NNS	""" You have no objections to Sam asking permission to marry you ? """
tr	NNS	"Something tells me the archangels have their hand in this . """
tr	NN	Finally , when the feelings became too overwhelming , I thrust the ribbon toward him .
tr	NN	Ashe pulled the cap off the pen and settled in to write .
tr	NN	I stroke his thigh , enjoying his quick breaths .
tr	NN	Gita hugged a pillow in front of her , as if for protection .
tr	NN	I should have started the email after she dressed .
tr	NN	I bring the rifle into the bedroom and place it beside an old antique dresser with crystal knobs and elaborate carvings of deer .
tr	NN	Amy crossed the threshold , shut the door and immediately regretting doing so .
tr	NN	He scanned the desert , looked up at the sun , which was now sliding down the far quadrant of the sky .
tr	NN	And then I was sprawled facedown on the shoulder of the road , my hands curling into the gravel .
tr	NNS	He had several scratches on his face , mostly from running through the heavy brush .
tr	NNS	""" Get your pirate uniforms on ."
tr	NN	After twisting on the ignition , Xavier rapped his knuckles on the passenger window and motioned for it to be lowered .
tr	NN	She stumbled to an uncertain halt , and at that moment a candle flared to life .
tr	NN	Within a few minutes , he finished the October 1 , 1981 , edition .
tr	NNS	""" I have twenty dollars . """
tr	NN	He wore a Fu Manchu moustache .
tr	NN	It was just like feeding a baby bird , he thought , tremendously pleased with his memory , his ingenuity , and - well , just himself .
tr	NN	He could see the conductor watching him as he disembarked the train .
tr	NNS	As she entered her room , Alex saw a tiny streak of wet red a few centimeters from her doorway .
tr	NN	She heard the soft pat of socks on stairs .
tr	NN	He saw only clear certainty .
tr	NN	Definitely getting a motorcycle .
tr	NN	""" And so I 'm returning the favor ."
tr	NNS	""" But until the investigation is over we shouldn 't make any changes . """
tr	NN	"I 've no patience for it or you , and that , little human , is all you need to know about me . """
tr	NN	He made a small , helpless gesture , as if letting something go , as if Magnus had wanted to be let go .
tr	NN	It took a lot not to smile and whisper in her ear every single detail about the very vivid images running through my mind .
tr	NN	He kissed her goodnight .
tr	NN	She picked up her handbag , grabbed the box with the candle and oil , and headed to her car .
tr	NNS	We stripped our sweats and T-shirts down to our swimsuits and slipped into the hot tub .
tr	NN	He felt its hunger , not merely to feed off of life , but to destroy all that is .
tr	NNS	He made three dollars a day working in the prison laundry , but after cigarettes there had been little to spend on tangibles .
tr	NN	""" Don 't give me that crap !"
tr	NNS	As he turned toward me , I saw the telltale points of a star badge .
tr	NNS	"I 've always liked freckles . """
tr	NNS	Chrissie had swallowed his lies , every one of them .
tr	NNS	And then you eat the sausages ? '
tr	NNS	""" Shut the engines down ? """
tr	NN	Vanessa 's gaze swept up and down Sam 's frame and a smirk skimmed her lips .
tr	NNS	""" Thompson ran the new samples you sent last week ."
tr	NNS	"You might have had a dozen such robots . """
tr	NNS	""" We need coats ."
tr	NNS	I know the witches ; they would never do anything harmful .
tr	NN	"I know a snake when I see one . """
tr	NN	Justin had set up the video in the office .
tr	NNS	He held up his cup then they clicked cups and sipped .
tr	NNS	Bull and Allie had the hunting knives with them .
tr	NN	"Also , watch your language . """
tr	NN	""" You 'd make a great actress . """
tr	NN	I turn the knob on the top right .
tr	NN	Can 't deny yourself the immediate gratification of your passions with this woman when you 've been with her less than twenty-four hours ?
tr	NN	This she did , and felt the strength go out of her as the healing took effect .
tr	NN	Agreed a smiling Haddington .
tr	NN	Eli dismounted the Mog and stood in front of them .
tr	NNS	"You have no natural defenses against them . """
tr	NN	After she scrubbed her face and hands , Eve turned the ignition .
tr	NN	""" Jordan , "" she says , "" Do you have any Tylenol ?"
tr	NN	His knuckles brushed her belly as he assisted her with her seat belt and her heart jolted with each contact .
tr	NNS	Slices of bright light flooded the corridors .
tr	NN	She picked up the chunk closest to her .
tr	NNS	The Chinese and Polish moderate groups had forged closer ties and their banners were to reflect the name Enigma .
tr	NNS	For an instant , I forget my troubles .
tr	NNS	""" I have a few errands to run . """
tr	NNS	""" The plot has many twists and turns ; very much like golf . """
tr	NNS	I scramble off the tiles , out the door , and across the hall to his room .
tr	NNS	Completely shaken , I take several deep breaths to calm myself before turning around to face Ivy .
tr	NNS	His smile reveals pearly whites when he sees me .
tr	NN	Take away that code of honor and he would be a monster .
tr	NN	Clayton vomited an ugly black liquid .
tr	NN	We have a balcony .
tr	NN	Both missions were judged a success by leaders in Washington .
tr	NN	""" All my friends were already graduating a semester ahead of me ."
tr	NN	"But I did notice an article in a recent issue of the Los Angeles Times that might get to some of the questions you are asking . """
tr	NNS	By his sophomore year in high school , he 'd gotten three offers for full scholarships to college after he graduated .
tr	NNS	Now that he thought of it , he could remember his robots advising him that there was urgent mail waiting for him in the system .
tr	NNS	""" I 've got , um , a hundred bucks I can throw in . """
tr	NN	""" What the devil do you think you 're up to ? """
tr	NNS	""" Here you go -- ten reasonable requests ."
tr	NNS	Adair could have picked up a few tricks .
tr	NN	Jace used an Open rune to get in through the front door , took the stairs two at a time , and buzzed Magnus 's apartment bell .
tr	NNS	Hated their reflections , their truths .
tr	NN	""" Not when it 's your last option - but when it 's your first ."
tr	NNS	She handed him some coins , though he hadn 't asked for payment .
tr	NN	""" You 're wearing a kilt . """
tr	NN	He had the quiet and inauspicious manner of a career clerk .
tr	NNS	He 'd read wariness in the captain 's appraisal of him .
tr	NNS	After two weeks of the casual late-night inspections , he had found no closed-circuit cameras above the halls or offices .
tr	NN	Lily 's blond hair now had a pink stripe running down one side , her sweatshirt cut out at the neckline and hanging off one shoulder .
tr	NN	She put the magazine in her bedroom and looked at the sunny blue sky .
tr	NN	He coughed a little hoarsely .
tr	NNS	Around the side of the tower block , they had found the remains of the smashed window , and some baffled onlookers .
tr	NN	He moved the soil above him easily and stretched with lazy pleasure , his fingers unerringly finding the silken strands of Jaxon 's hair .
tr	NN	Although , knowing him , he probably had the best surgeon in his pocket as well as everyone else .
tr	NNS	"I can climb tall buildings in a single bound . """
tr	NNS	How often do we hear our hearts and stop to appreciate the fact that it 's been beating solid , strong , for our entire lives ?
tr	NN	I pulled open the top drawer of the bureau and perused the contents .
tr	NNS	Blinking back her tears , Kadie drew the covers over Brittany .
tr	NNS	He had practiced his interviews far too many times to reach this state of poised sentience .
tr	NNS	These days Grant was inventing excuses to call her .
tr	NN	Demetri pulled a marker out of his pocket and signed a few napkins for the girls before sending them on their way .
tr	NNS	Ned came nearer on his crutches .
tr	NN	I can most likely get a plea with little prison time .
tr	NN	Almost could taste the sweetness of her lips .
tr	NN	He caught a loose strand of my hair and rolled it between his fingers .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't believe the balls these bitches had .
tr	NNS	"Heal their hearts , and they will fight for you ... "" And for the last of her companions , she grinned ."
tr	NNS	You can hit the high points or be specific .
tr	NN	""" Okay , "" Jo sent a quick e-mail to Kate and then turned off her computer ."
tr	NNS	She had taken her sandals off and was now sitting on an overturned tree trunk that made a perfect bench .
tr	NN	I turned the ignition .
tr	NNS	I would rip the tubes from my arms only to have them replaced .
tr	NNS	Pix lifted the drapes away , revealing a brick passageway lit with a cool , crisp , white illumination .
tr	NNS	The elder Queen took no chances .
tr	NN	It could mean the plan 's success or failure .
tr	NNS	I find rare gems .
tr	NN	She had an empty quiver hung over her shoulder and a hunting dagger strapped to a leather belt at her waist .
tr	NNS	I have ethics and morals , and I intend to stand on them .
tr	NN	Brandon resisted the urge to take Susan 's hand in his as they made their way up the walk to his cabin .
tr	NNS	Some held cloth dolls , others rolled balls across the corridor .
tr	NN	"You did your Pack a favor by leaving . """
tr	NN	I barely feel the pinch .
tr	NN	Jaxon stirred , moaned softly as if in memory , and then he felt her heart slam hard .
tr	NNS	""" I got my suspicions ."
tr	NNS	When Margie turned around Pearl had pulled out slippers from her large purse and put them on .
tr	NNS	They 'd almost cleaned their plates before either of them spoke .
tr	NN	""" Drink the liquid first ."
tr	NNS	We want our clients to be happy .
tr	NNS	You 've spent centuries ignoring your emotions , pretending you don 't care .
tr	NNS	"You paid me peanuts -- "" "" I paid you a respectable wage -- "" "" You gave me nothing while you lived in paradise ."
tr	NNS	Jack slowly examined the houses trapped inside the hills from one side , and the forest from the other .
tr	NNS	A husband should be allowed certain rights .
tr	NNS	I threw back the covers and stood , wavering with no reference points in the dark .
tr	NNS	It paused menacingly a few paces inside the doorway and began licking at its mangy fur .
tr	NN	I settled my backside on the ledge of the sink .
tr	NNS	I will also do all the chores and laundry and dishes until you think I 've learned my lesson .
tr	NN	""" Did you see that little diner on 5th Street ? """
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes .
tr	NN	She made a vague gesture that reminded me all too much of the earl .
tr	NNS	Just then , I saw the two bikers stopped and parked at the hostel gate .
tr	NNS	"Maybe you 'll chase away the nightmares . """
tr	NNS	""" Former policemen may receive unwanted pokes in the ribs when moving about ."
tr	NNS	He had pictured the Keepers emerging , bringing forgotten knowledge and truths to an excited , thankful populace .
tr	NNS	Either way , they had been moving supplies into the barns , no doubt piling carts high with them .
tr	NNS	But the demons have close ties with the Shamans of the East , correct ?
tr	NN	"And the fire consumed that wicked Jew who had tried to do his Christian son such wicked harm . """
tr	NNS	At the crossing of the Mandel , he cut down the sons of Lady Penrose one by one .
tr	NN	Dad demanded , a black pistol in his hand .
tr	NN	The tension , which had filled Jim 's body before they 'd started again sweep up his thigh that was next to her .
tr	NN	The country needs strong leadership .
tr	NN	I 'll make my own fortune , if I can .
tr	NNS	"Apparently you conducted yourselves as such , having no hesitation about sharing a bed . """
tr	NN	Elliott followed their uncle .
tr	NNS	""" She should be doing chores . """
tr	NNS	She pats her pockets for the keys .
tr	NN	The cop doing most of the talking put away his notepad and pen .
tr	NN	He turned the old pitted brass doorknob and it creaked open under its own weight .
tr	NN	If there was an award for taking things out of context , William would have won the gold medal .
tr	NNS	""" When Lloyd said he was leaving , I packed up my supplies and came along with them ."
tr	NNS	I follow the horse 's movements , posting on her back , flowing with her body .
tr	NN	"He easily read her reluctance to "" spill her guts "" as she had phrased it on her face ."
tr	NNS	Was a wolf - or werewolf - in fact harming the dogs of Legend 's Run ?
tr	NN	On the inside front of Samantha 's file was written a large black V .
tr	NN	Eli avoided the shack with Nicholas still inside , slipping into the empty one he shared with Apple .
tr	NNS	Nita eyed the looming buildings on each side of the street .
tr	NNS	""" I will get a mattress ."
tr	NN	Rain beaded off the casing .
tr	NN	"I shouldn 't have - "" She took pity on him ."
tr	NN	"He actually preferred the "" another "" option , since it included a lot of pain and carnage ."
tr	NN	And since his new residence required a longer commute , he had upgraded his mode of transportation .
tr	NNS	The Shadowhunter interested in its history can find older models displayed in libraries and museum collections of older Institutes .
tr	NNS	He had already missed several classes .
tr	NN	I rewound back the diner .
tr	NN	This supported a wooden cage or platform , held by ropes , which could be lowered down into the darkness .
tr	NN	""" We have proof that you raped Sarah Ellen . """
tr	NNS	He still had his doubts about that .
tr	NN	I singled out the right wire and sent a gentle nudge .
tr	NN	""" It might disrupt trade for a while , but I doubt it would have the effect we want ."
tr	NNS	Head injuries can cause all sorts of problems .
tr	NN	He stopped his pacing .
tr	NNS	On the plane she 'd rehearsed several apologies , but none sounded quite right so she 'd have to wing it now .
tr	NNS	We used our contacts we had made through Shekinah and Binah to call a meeting with our East Coast supporters .
tr	NN	I felt a knife twist in my gut at the thought of Lucky daydreaming about some other man .
tr	NNS	A stable boy took the reins of the black mare and led her away into the darkened stable .
tr	NNS	Like he didn 't have any bruised ribs .
tr	NNS	Sometimes I have nightmares where I burp and he - ' ' Then that 's probably all right , ' said the little rat .
tr	NN	As Lucy and Dinah scoured the shelves , Jessie espied a mouldering trunk in the far corner .
tr	NN	Typically , I 'd show them the video , explaining how they can live forever and never age or get sick .
tr	NNS	""" His work performance has improved tenfold , he shows up on time , he 's even getting new clients for the business ."
tr	NN	He mashed his fingertip into it and smiled at the feeling of every nuance of the split .
tr	NNS	Thomas wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	Mama , with Min at her elbow , presented Papa 's apologies for his tardiness .
tr	NNS	Through the sheet , her moist softness cushioned his hardness .
tr	NN	He kept her stable so the friction generated by her own body didn 't tear her into pieces .
tr	NN	"We need a structured organization to ensure our safety . """
tr	NN	He deserves some solitude after what he just did .
tr	NN	I missed the dealership where I was able to sit in the AC when the lot was empty .
tr	NNS	Most who were kept their trailers on the farms where they boarded their horses , necessitating yet another trip on our part .
tr	NN	One of the brothers consulted a heavy wristwatch .
tr	NN	Slowly Randall Fitzgerald grasped the stray strand and hooked it behind Kathleen 's ear .
tr	NN	I need proof to give Jake .
tr	NN	It 's like watching a galaxy being born .
tr	NN	Claire felt the blood heating in her veins , surging up her neck to her face .
tr	NNS	"You just can 't have bees in your room - "" "" I was studying them ! """
tr	NN	You , on the other hand , have international credibility .
tr	NN	Ashe gave a thumbs-up to the furniture delivery crew .
tr	NN	Being a smart keen child , he made his contribution to the family budget devoting himself to the humblest work with great care .
tr	NN	Nate watched the Hermit steadily until she returned .
tr	NN	As he spoke , he exited the document and pulled up Facebook .
tr	NN	If you choose to die later you still have the possibility of survival .
tr	NNS	And I 'd borne countless nightmares since that time , bouncing back from each stronger and stronger .
tr	NNS	""" Emilio and Sid tracked the witches to the right area . """
tr	NNS	She can see little bits of food crusted in his beard .
tr	NN	I held up the cloth and my mouth opened in shock as it unravelled in heavy layers .
tr	NNS	While Vanessa is at work , I run a few errands around Richmond .
tr	NN	First , to determine my position vis-a-vis the shoreline .
tr	NNS	Since the kiss that morning , Neal hadn 't renewed his attentions .
tr	NN	Without a jacket , his shirt offered minimal protection against the sub-zero temperatures of the outside world .
tr	NN	A regular person can maintain a ' pseudo personality ' for up to three years .
tr	NN	She knew the drill and she was an intelligent woman .
tr	NNS	You don 't remember his artifacts of power ?
tr	NN	"Old Quil just about had a stroke . """
tr	NNS	""" I cannot rob Maximus ; you will be on active duty . """
tr	NNS	And it probably didn 't do her efforts at becoming respectable much good at all .
tr	NNS	""" You write erotic romance novels ."
tr	NNS	"I have those skills , and I had the money to make her mine . """
tr	NNS	I tucked my thumbs into my undies and slid them off as I landed on my back , parting my legs for him .
tr	NN	He put down the ice cream and swung his legs down and sat up .
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against both of his cheeks .
tr	NNS	As his creativity grew , so did the crowds .
tr	NN	Suddenly he realized the meaning of these phenomena .
tr	NNS	""" We 'll run fingerprints on the gun ."
tr	NN	He continued his work , seeming engrossed in it .
tr	NNS	Her naked back had a couple freckles across it .
tr	NN	He plopped the sphere into the birdbath .
tr	NN	Laurence made an involuntary startled gesture after him , useless and absurd , and then dropped his arm , sorry to have so betrayed himself .
tr	NN	He 'd nearly destroyed my entire clan that night .
tr	NNS	We both finish our sandwiches and I put the trash back in the bag and place it in the backseat .
tr	NN	""" Turn your umbrella on ."
tr	NNS	The paper bags made rustling noises , no matter how quiet he tried to be .
tr	NNS	""" We had reports of two break-ins here and Miss Braithwaite denied they had happened ."
tr	NNS	Ok , I have new terms .
tr	NNS	The sparks and flashes stop and Mr Prentiss Jr twitches in the mud .
tr	NNS	Dante stares at Buzz Cut .
tr	NN	She speared a tomato slice and ate it .
tr	NN	"We can watch a film together before we go out to dinner . """
tr	NNS	They were pulling items off and begging for them , even if they didn 't like them .
tr	NN	He anxiously spun his rocket around to rescue Nick , but he saw that he was in no danger .
tr	NNS	But Bruce has the lightning-fast reactions of his talent going for him .
tr	NNS	My eyes must 've been playing tricks on me .
tr	NN	He started down that first ridge looking and listening for a telltale signs of a brook .
tr	NNS	Forget delays of even a second .
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths , hoping I could stop myself being sick .
tr	NNS	Sakura would not break either Sebastian 's or Darcy 's hearts .
tr	NN	Alec flicked a strand of hair out of his eyes .
tr	NN	""" Small , "" Carissa corrected , eyes narrowing on her friend ."
tr	NN	"You can 't go tempting fate . """
tr	NNS	He made her bold , adventurous .
tr	NN	Give your family a new venue to heal .
tr	NNS	"We 'll need bathroom facilities and perhaps a bigger kitchen . """
tr	NN	' Including the deliberate bad spelling .
tr	NN	He whispered a prayer , hoping for the Lord 's protection .
tr	NNS	She took several more deep breaths , started the engine , and slowly pulled out onto the street .
tr	NNS	"And , of course , I 'll have a few special assignments for you . """
tr	NNS	""" How many offices does the company have ? """
tr	NNS	She 'll say some special prayers for them and they 'll be back out tomorrow .
tr	NN	They made her kneel down in front of me and they made me hold the gun to her head .
tr	NNS	Up ahead we saw the sentries running about , and rebels beginning to pile out of tents , desperate to form a line .
tr	NN	Margie didn 't like Sid 's night strolling , but agreed to keep her door closed .
tr	NNS	"Sometimes I help other members with their exercises when I have the time . """
tr	NNS	"Grab the boards and let 's go ! """
tr	NN	"I can offer you protection and by working together we could solve this faster . """
tr	NNS	If any other humans exist in other areas , they either have the skills to survive , or they do not .
tr	NN	"You can 't apply logic to them . """
tr	NN	I was stealing his logic ?
tr	NN	"You make a great knight in shining armor . """
tr	NNS	The cavalry we saw wore helmets and armor .
tr	NN	She echoed his moan .
tr	NN	Half a dozen kids played basketball in a driveway down the block , but otherwise , the hot , humid afternoon was silent .
tr	NNS	""" Okay , the folks on my right will have yellow bands , the folks to the left will have green arm bands ."
tr	NN	They feared a violent retribution later if they didn 't .
tr	NN	""" I 'll get your proof , Father . """
tr	NNS	Putting the dishes on the counter , she pressed her palms to her face .
tr	NN	Brian had written out a summary of the case on several sheets of yellow , legal paper .
tr	NN	""" The artwork depicts the myth of Drac ."
tr	NN	They finished off the outfit perfectly .
tr	NN	Renzo accepted the motherly caressing and hugs and platitudes for a while , but suddenly batted the women away .
tr	NN	Abby sensed disaster and began talking about the church they had joined .
tr	NNS	She picked up the compass and looked at it closely .
tr	NNS	Rock measured the dimensions and at this point he could squeeze through the opening .
tr	NNS	Stubby twitched his whiskers .
tr	NNS	With a shrug she plopped the four plates down on the table and walked away without saying a word .
tr	NNS	"Say thirty dollars ? """
tr	NNS	"Women looove uniforms , but underneath he 's really dull and boring . """
tr	NN	Ethan jabbed the code into his lock and swung into the main room .
tr	NN	That 'll work a treat .
tr	NN	"You 've seen the video , no doubt . """
tr	NN	I continued my questioning .
tr	NNS	"I found Tess on the bed and all I could see was Stuart Rossman lying on the ground . """
tr	NNS	Then he rubbed his temples and searched his brain for a precedent .
tr	NNS	Normally he only ate fruits , nuts and vegetables .
tr	NN	She 'd learned her lesson after what happened with Belinda Mayhew and no longer blindly accepted clients .
tr	NN	To prove his point , Peter took first one nipple and then the other between his lips .
tr	NN	I repressed a shudder when she turned that hardened stare on me .
tr	NN	He enjoyed their friendly banter , joking around with her came easy .
tr	NN	She 'd seen a sketch of him before , of course .
tr	NNS	"Then American families will lose more sons and daughters to the casualties of war . """
tr	NN	Rachel snuck a peek at his handsome face again in the mirror .
tr	NNS	""" I want the honors . """
tr	NNS	They 'd been playing cards and rolling dice .
tr	NN	She always made an impression of taking information in like a sponge .
tr	NNS	And those yellowed stains .
tr	NN	She ignored her stomach growling loudly in protest .
tr	NN	""" But you must have a good hunch . """
tr	NNS	Someone sitting on the ground a hundred yards away .
tr	NNS	"Zara squeezed her thighs together as if worried he might actually start with his "" probing "" ."
tr	NNS	It drains their powers and makes them weaker .
tr	NNS	"Why not just turn the tugs ? """
tr	NN	"Give him a little advice . """
tr	NN	That would surely explode and cause debilitating wreckage among their enemies .
tr	NN	The staff of the UN effort enjoyed diplomatic immunity from prosecution .
tr	NN	Then , while on her honeymoon , Dana suddenly suffered another seizure .
tr	NN	Within a couple of more hours of walking they found the correct path south on I-75 and had managed to avoid any problems .
tr	NNS	At no less than 20 feet , Julio felt the gusts of air generated by its mighty wings .
tr	NN	God , he 'd fought that dragon .
tr	NNS	Tossing the empty pitcher to the ground , Ty holds up two Ping-Pong balls .
tr	NNS	Both equally heady notions .
tr	NN	Bartolomeo scratched his beard .
tr	NNS	Drawing out more moans , more pleas , more lust .
tr	NN	While bent over , he felt a gentle tapping on his back , like the wings of an angel beating softly .
tr	NN	She gave a graceful little shrug .
tr	NN	""" The sudden death of the last son of the count spread a dull terror among the servants ."
tr	NNS	Marisa , on the other hand , offered apologies often .
tr	NN	"Just give me a sec . """
tr	NN	Then Miranda tucked a strand of her straight multicolored hair behind her ear and looked at Kylie .
tr	NN	Or like an old fish .
tr	NNS	"You watch and weigh other people 's reactions so you can manipulate them . """
tr	NNS	"I have several forms here for you to sign . """
tr	NNS	"Now can you tell us if you keep old paperwork on file from people who 've rented lockers in the past ? """
tr	NN	Sandra gave a shudder and felt the pain sting in her face .
tr	NN	The joy in her voice , in her mind , made his body all the hotter .
tr	NN	Lost the cap when she was captured .
tr	NNS	She had breached his defenses and now he felt nak * d before her .
tr	NNS	Then , he could issue the funds and divert them into his bank account .
tr	NN	Roxy 's breath came out a growl , and she glared at him .
tr	NNS	It was probably about how best to use my abilities , so you 'd think I should at least be privy to it .
tr	NNS	Colby apparently didn 't find her antics humorous .
tr	NNS	""" I told Jess not to get all worked up over you ."
tr	NNS	His version means scary hunting knives , plastic sheeting , and thermal underwear , but I get the idea .
tr	NN	""" Like honey . """
tr	NNS	The blood trail lead him to some trees and shrubs that grew tightly together , he saw the blood stains leading into the bush .
tr	NN	He needed proof and there was none .
tr	NNS	Still , back turned or not , he could hear noises .
tr	NN	I lift the receiver to my lips .
tr	NN	Eva handed Lexi a wad of toilet paper .
tr	NN	""" Nobody trusts anybody these days ."
tr	NN	' Well - ' said the Sphinx .
tr	NN	Hoped and believed in him , yet with her own eyes she 'd seen her file , pictures of her as a child killing a puppy .
tr	NNS	""" You have admitted your actions and the fact that your friend did not pull the trigger is irrelevant ."
tr	NNS	It stops inches away from my throat as he towers over me .
tr	NNS	"She 's got big tits , but her ass is too big for me as well . """
tr	NN	At last I jerked the whip loose and flung it aside , oblivious to my burned fingers .
tr	NNS	""" You take your sisters out , and you meet your women in private ."
tr	NNS	"And you 'll have centuries to prove that after I 'm gone . """
tr	NN	Alan gave his command for the team to form up and make their way to Notting Hill Gate Station .
tr	NN	Instead , I push past him , make a mad dash for the uneven stone steps that lead up to his house .
tr	NNS	It turned its wheels .
tr	NNS	In a room full of people taller than himself , the two children at his side drew stares from all directions .
tr	NNS	I used the elements to diffuse his heartache and it filled me with happiness .
tr	NN	I gave him an affectionate pat on the wings as I began to smile again .
tr	NNS	He took off his sandals , and brought them back to the shoe rack , where they were dwarfed by Yama 's pairs .
tr	NNS	They wired explosives to it .
tr	NNS	""" Nicholas II hid millions in imperial gold prior to 1917 ."
tr	NN	But as he turned I caught a glimpse of his tattoo .
tr	NNS	"I don 't share your inhibitions . """
tr	NNS	""" So , what , he had drugs or something ? """
tr	NNS	Whether Geraldine had envisioned a relationship between Colin and Luna or not , she 'd set the wheels in motion for them to meet .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs , and Andrew screamed in horror .
tr	NNS	And we 've syndicated the rights to hundreds of TV channels from Mongolia to Mesopotamia . '
tr	NNS	Crossing the room she shut the blinds and lowered the lights .
tr	NN	Aria caught only a brief glimpse of pale dirty feet appearing at the top of the steps before Ashby slid the door silently closed .
tr	NN	Preston and I hit the pavement hard .
tr	NN	His voice had that fatherly quality that only arose when talking to one of the girls , I thought , a combination of all knowing and warm .
tr	NNS	When he got closer , I could see the whites of his eyes , wide with hunger .
tr	NN	The new beard only heightened the effect .
tr	NNS	Viv 's doing drugs , Jen .
tr	NNS	"Sorry Macey we don 't have any drugs to put in the other side . """
tr	NNS	I felt around my pockets and found the plastic bookmark she had given me .
tr	NNS	She 'd had no inhibitions with him , no reservations or hesitation .
tr	NNS	"Did she have any abilities ? """
tr	NN	""" Dude , this has trap written all over it ."
tr	NN	"I 've still got your motorcycle in my garage . """
tr	NN	He died a hero .
tr	NN	""" I might have grease under my fingernails , Lori , but I 'm not a country bumpkin ."
tr	NNS	But the way she refused to look at me spoke volumes , and I sighed .
tr	NN	Noelle handed me a rough napkin , and I dabbed my cheeks , flinching .
tr	NN	He dropped the patent leather shoe with the fingerprint into a plastic bag from Home Depot and shoved it under his bed .
tr	NN	"He just spouts obscure garbage and then disappears . """
tr	NN	The pilot honked a toy horn .
tr	NNS	They 'd hired more doctors and nurses and made it possible for most emergencies to be handled on island .
tr	NN	The angel lowered its wing , and glared at the Lok ' Chang with pity .
tr	NNS	Vashon security sent regular patrols through refugee areas .
tr	NNS	Her gentle smile stirred the butterflies in my stomach .
tr	NNS	They would surely give her nightmares .
tr	NNS	He saw human remains in the middle of the street .
tr	NNS	I had my doubts that he would make it .
tr	NNS	Maria gave two quick squeezes to Connors hand .
tr	NN	I open up the recording and watch it again , then again .
tr	NNS	Put all distractions out of your mind .
tr	NN	Cullen answered , supposing his men must have reached the castle before this man had ridden out .
tr	NN	Albert began his speech .
tr	NNS	Loosen the ties , holding me in spot , but still not freeing me .
tr	NNS	""" And I don 't make offers that I don 't intend to honor . """
tr	NN	' What I do now will colour the scene , give the impression I want .
tr	NN	He folded the futon frame and lifted it on his shoulders .
tr	NNS	He parked several houses down from mine .
tr	NNS	And she 'd known grief aplenty , especially of late .
tr	NNS	William used his vampire senses and located Emily struggling to free herself .
tr	NNS	We notice huge chunks of flesh missing from the other side .
tr	NN	He brushed my knuckles with the pad of his thumb .
tr	NN	"I wish you much success . """
tr	NN	She felt a pang of remorse for telling her big secret out loud this way .
tr	NNS	Roar unfastened Cinder 's bindings .
tr	NNS	Dexter stopped about ten paces from the front porch .
tr	NN	So this visit carried sizable meaning for them both .
tr	NNS	Obviously done with his errand , Kyle slapped his thighs , morphing straight back to his old , friendly self .
tr	NN	The burgers filled my Audi with savoury aromas increasing my hunger ten-fold .
tr	NN	The wiry curls around her opening tickled , sweet contrast to the need to pump and pump and never stop .
tr	NN	"I 've met my quota on lying for the month . """
tr	NNS	""" Denise lost half a million dollars ."
tr	NN	Or I 'll take copper .
tr	NNS	"And it has three independent systems to make sure nothing short of a meteor strike can stop communication . """
tr	NNS	Trust issues -- of course he had trust issues .
tr	NNS	They then took the items to an abandoned shack about a quarter of a mile away that Jed had picked out .
tr	NNS	I want the plates of that car .
tr	NN	He made his money investing in other people 's companies .
tr	NN	""" Did I learn my lesson well ? """
tr	NNS	Houses and manors dressed its slopes , with a great oak tree as the crown .
tr	NN	Caleb set the coffeepot on the counter .
tr	NNS	The man wanted many low cards printed -- sixes , sevens , eights -- but hardly any face cards made .
tr	NNS	""" We 've got warrior braids in ."
tr	NN	And Howell has this conviction they won 't hurt him or his family .
tr	NNS	Very few people had cleared off their sidewalks .
tr	NNS	Something weird had happened , something inexplicable .
tr	NNS	"They buy drugs with that money , to support their habit , or they flip the drugs for a profit . """
tr	NNS	I hadn 't heard official numbers , but Joseph 's deployed teams usually were twenty person teams .
tr	NNS	Some of the men were whispering their night prayers , heading for their beds under the sky .
tr	NN	He etches a salute .
tr	NN	My brother has always had this effect on me .
tr	NNS	""" Christ , I can see your tits . """
tr	NNS	Made two trips to Oregon and one to Washington while the regular guy was out , but he came back .
tr	NNS	They depicted designs of swords , bows , suits of armor , gloves , spears , and other weapons for customization .
tr	NNS	""" I actually don 't have much till about 1988 ."
tr	NN	I made one last sweep of the store and found Seth still sitting in the caf ¨ ¦ .
tr	NN	""" Stefan ... I don 't feel wel ."
tr	NNS	She certainly had some obligations as the maid of honor .
tr	NNS	""" Whatever you 're doing is working wonderfully . """
tr	NN	A shiver streaked up her spine when he cupped her cheek with his palm and she had to take in some much-needed air before she could finish .
tr	NNS	We scooted our chairs behind us and carefully maneuvered around the corners of the table coming face to face and panting in expectation .
tr	NN	I saw the jealousy pouring off of her as she spoke .
tr	NN	Simultaneously , as I fall to his flank , I cock the rifle and pull it into position at my shoulder .
tr	NNS	""" You also found marijuana cigarettes during your search . """
tr	NN	Then he quickly finished a mouthful .
tr	NNS	Paul released the pebbles from his hand and they splattered on to the sand .
tr	NN	Nevertheless the man had an excellent reputation when it came to investigations of a personal nature , too .
tr	NN	I had faith in you .
tr	NN	I could no longer see the railway snaking its way up the mountain .
tr	NN	"You still have some paint on the back of your neck , by the way . """
tr	NNS	"I meant no rudeness . """
tr	NNS	""" As I 'm sure you 've noticed , I have some targets set up around here ."
tr	NNS	""" How could you bet ten cents when you haven 't even really settled your cards ? """
tr	NN	He knew his duty .
tr	NN	That black , shiny hair that was twisted on the back of her head highlighted her delicate bone structure .
tr	NN	"We could teach Remington Turner Ball III the lesson of his life . """
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NNS	Then she took the tarot cards with her back to her tent .
tr	NN	Sarah heard James groan , but he didn 't say anything more .
tr	NNS	""" Like you didn 't do crazy drugs when you were in Iceland ?"
tr	NNS	""" I made biscuits ."
tr	NNS	I studied her stiff motions and tight expression .
tr	NN	Since Sophia , I don 't give a fuck anymore .
tr	NNS	""" Does Mason have any other abilities ? """
tr	NNS	""" Blessed Virgin , let your prayers ascend to God that He may hear my petition . """
tr	NN	""" So you 're running the orientation ? """
tr	NNS	I may have a few trust issues , but not as many as you 'd think coming from a childhood like that .
tr	NNS	The rival editor however had his own designs while offering editorship to him .
tr	NNS	Nolen had always envied Spirit Mages who could transform cloth in a moment .
tr	NNS	I had ignored her obvious attempts to ditch me .
tr	NN	Before his nerves could worsen he strummed a C minor chord with a high F in it to sweeten the sound .
tr	NN	Despite having started the teasing , I was losing patience .
tr	NNS	He 'd given individual assignments to everyone at the beginning of last week with goals .
tr	NNS	"You have enough expectations already . """
tr	NNS	He wiped cobwebs away , and crouched in the shadows .
tr	NN	"She needs a nurse . """
tr	NNS	He took our plates from before us .
tr	NNS	The many runaways filled the halls , all trying to get a peek at the leaving party .
tr	NN	You 've not only jeopardized yourself , you 've jeopardized our whole coven .
tr	NNS	We 're having twins .
tr	NNS	Monks used the same techniques to conceal their own identities or those of characters in their stories .
tr	NNS	"We 'd be walking targets . """
tr	NNS	I quickly washed and dried the dishes , then dodged out of the kitchen and into the guest bedroom .
tr	NN	""" Pay out the rope ."
tr	NNS	We substituted our own exchanges for those between Aaron or Yuri and the Elders , and those from the Elders to them .
tr	NNS	The rest of the crew at his table supported his actions with snickers of their own , slapping hands and trading jollies .
tr	NNS	""" I 've got my suspicions ."
tr	NN	""" I appreciate the romantic gesture and everything , but let 's cross that bridge when we come to it . """
tr	NN	He has always had that often irritating logic to him .
tr	NNS	She could discern no marks on the scaly pillar to tell her anything about this creature .
tr	NN	She might regret her impulse tomorrow , but she 'd deal with that another time .
tr	NNS	His eyes turned merciless .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to scratch away the flaking white paint .
tr	NNS	' That 'll do , problem sorted ' .
tr	NN	I asked the pilot .
tr	NN	I took the soap and washed him quietly , paying extra attention to the places that caused changes in his breathing .
tr	NN	""" But if you 're trying to imply that I slept around , I resent the implication ."
tr	NN	He smashed a knight into the ground , blood gushing from the knight 's head .
tr	NNS	Her brothers waved back , huge grins on all their faces .
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths , hoping that the burning would subside .
tr	NNS	She could make no connections .
tr	NNS	""" Yeah , then maybe I 'll have the credentials to join Alpha myself . """
tr	NNS	"Y ou 're recovering data . """
tr	NN	She could feel his exhaustion .
tr	NN	This wasn 't about just repaying some debt anymore .
tr	NN	His mother 's voice had a breathless , hopeful quality .
tr	NNS	The Tempest High Leader gazed past Janelle .
tr	NNS	Do you have any leads ?
tr	NN	( I 'm making an assumption here . )
tr	NNS	I do not fully understand all the powers Death has bestowed upon me .
tr	NNS	But that little bit hadn 't dulled Wallis and he was almost as quick as ever .
tr	NN	"They usually have a small black frame . """
tr	NNS	He was carefully watching the van 's movements .
tr	NN	He watched the water spill over the sides of the red plastic cup and dribble down his wrist .
tr	NNS	He adjusted mirrors , the seat , the seat belt , and for a good five minutes went through the preflight as the Fiat warmed itself .
tr	NN	she accused and sent another glass dagger soaring through the air , this time at my leg .
tr	NNS	"I 've learned all your tricks now . """
tr	NN	""" Release the first trunk of terror ! """
tr	NN	Students usually left the back staircase alone , mostly because it was close to the faculty apartments .
tr	NNS	A moment later and I saw tall buildings rising on both sides of the street .
tr	NN	Spark fished out a package of dried fruit from the compartment under his seat .
tr	NN	Thus far , Alix had avoided a confrontation with the other woman , but she could feel one brewing .
tr	NN	But then she caught a glimpse of her husband 's face and realized that something was wrong .
tr	NNS	""" I teach dog obedience classes and I 'm training service dogs ."
tr	NN	She always made an impression , unlike Roger , who rarely wore anything much fancier than his hoodie .
tr	NN	Gray passed his rubber package to Monk .
tr	NNS	""" Oh my gods . """
tr	NNS	Alexander threw off the covers and shuffled into the shower .
tr	NN	As the sun went down and we made our way back to our rooms we said goodnight to Skylar who continued her teachings with El Ra Sun .
tr	NN	On the word congress , Emeline dropped her fork .
tr	NNS	Styx snapped his fangs toward his companion .
tr	NN	Why shouldn 't we create a framework , using hypnosis , to test the guilt of a defendant 's mind ?
tr	NN	He takes another swing at me , but I dodge it before bashing the butt of my ARX against his jaw .
tr	NNS	Erin pulled the covers up past her waist .
tr	NNS	He handed me four new cards .
tr	NN	"In silence they crossed the cavern , nearly reaching the opening in the back when Uriel abruptly whirled around , his eyes searching the shadows . """
tr	NNS	He has two slimy sons , Mickey the Mouth and Joey the Priest .
tr	NNS	I know all sorts of words after living with those people .
tr	NN	I felt dismay when he said that -- more of those ugly things all over my house ?
tr	NN	""" Bad timing . """
tr	NNS	"He wouldn 't have any citizens left to run Sanctuary . """
tr	NNS	The man walked past , only inches from where he hid , and Sam caught a whiff of whiskey .
tr	NNS	"We should probably cut our losses and disappear . """
tr	NNS	That single sentence spoke volumes .
tr	NN	' Jennifer , you have a visitor . '
tr	NNS	Governments may change but the essence of an Irish woman , never changes .
tr	NNS	Today she would weaken their numbers , those who survived would return to their precious Keep and their women , and she would follow .
tr	NNS	I push the covers away and decide to get up .
tr	NN	"You just told her something grisly , terrifying and life threatening happened to the daughter she loves like you 'd relay the time of day . """
tr	NN	Dana could no longer hold a fork , so I 'd feed her ; a week later , she couldn 't walk or talk at all .
tr	NN	"Did you repay your bullies ? """
tr	NN	A.F. yet bemoans the volcano he caus 'd to be born out in those seas during that summer .
tr	NN	said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	NN	With these howls at our backs , we crest the hill .
tr	NN	Just as she did though , she heard a sharp intake of breath that was abruptly cut short then a grunt .
tr	NNS	She sounded breathless , almost too aroused .
tr	NNS	""" Save your pathetic little jokes for someone else . """
tr	NNS	No , Neil set the bugs outside the door to fend for themselves .
tr	NNS	Back in that camp , they were sitting ducks for the attacking gorillas .
tr	NN	Jake could hardly believe the announcement .
tr	NN	I fight the urge to close the gap .
tr	NN	""" Then I saw a pigeon and thought to point it out ."
tr	NNS	C. they develop sooty masses of spores .
tr	NNS	Make your sarcastic remarks .
tr	NNS	He put some coins on the counter .
tr	NN	""" I need some advice ."
tr	NNS	Although they were not usually words of love more a big joke amongst the workers .
tr	NNS	"I could hear the wheels turning inside his head and then he said , "" Ok . """
tr	NN	He bends a branch out of the path and I hurry through .
tr	NN	She made a resolve to keep tabs on their heading and not to get lost .
tr	NNS	He was arranging the chaps over my riding boots when he spoke .
tr	NN	He has some loyalty toward Ballard , but I sense a petty cruelty waiting just beneath the veneer of civility .
tr	NNS	He had connections beyond anyone 's imagining .
tr	NNS	I could see dates and names at the top , penned by different hands .
tr	NN	I noticed a bright green luggage tag shaped like a shamrock on her suitcase .
tr	NNS	Command had its prices , and one of those was a nearly complete loss of solitude .
tr	NN	He had a sharpened number two pencil in his hand and filled in a line on his crossword puzzle without ever looking up at me .
tr	NNS	Did they have psychic skills other than telepathy ?
tr	NNS	She found two clean bowls and added a combination of standard cat chow mixed with some of her homemade poultry and cheese treats .
tr	NNS	They sometimes had bands there trying to promote themselves .
tr	NNS	""" Today 's challenge is called Swamp Things !"
tr	NN	She wanted the knight but hated the knight .
tr	NN	David strolled across the concourse , the hustle and bustle of the airport a cacophony of noise and confusion .
tr	NN	Kaylee , for the most part , kept a stern glare on her face to discourage anyone from talking to her .
tr	NN	"Bad enough you missing your own father 's funeral . """
tr	NNS	The president and governors all had their official first pets that were basically cut from the same cloth .
tr	NNS	In fact , I even like the changes .
tr	NNS	A pair of elderly women were browsing the romance shelves .
tr	NN	Ridley twisted a pink strand between her fingers nervously .
tr	NNS	Brendan gave David the directions back to his cottage , but the cottage was not where David was going .
tr	NN	Bentley pushed aside their collection of dishes and glasses and drew an ashtray toward him .
tr	NNS	"Primitive life-saving efforts . """
tr	NN	But right now he could also see a strange gleam in Damon 's eyes .
tr	NNS	Up there he could survey his surroundings .
tr	NN	The creature 's eyes spit red fury as it tugged her closer ; its grip on her hand was painful .
tr	NN	""" We can petition the Church for an annulment of your marriage -- and mine , for that matter ."
tr	NNS	He had the brains and the looks .
tr	NNS	The fluorescent streetlight drained all the brightness from Lucas 's bronze hair , so that it looked simply brown .
tr	NNS	He had some supplies of his own gathered in a pile on the floor .
tr	NNS	Or don 't you have the balls ? '
tr	NNS	Beth emitted a furious hiss and stormed out of the office .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	"You have hurt my sentiments "" The two continued their work in silence for a minute ."
tr	NNS	"Deal with the problem , not yer blasted notions of what might happen . """
tr	NNS	The eldest among them had psionic powers .
tr	NNS	Further , couples always ' sampled the wares ' these days , I was told ... so Godiva and Archimedes lived together for months before the wedding .
tr	NNS	""" You kill your test subjects left and right ."
tr	NN	Jack held up a Sony portable TV monitor that had a breaking news story .
tr	NNS	I felt the mattress against the backs of my legs , Jake wrapping an arm around my back as he lowered me gently to the bed .
tr	NN	I offer all the sarcastic inflection I can muster .
tr	NNS	""" The hunting party , which numbered twenty-seven strong , followed our tracks for a few minutes , but then reached a point where the tracks disappeared ."
tr	NNS	I was handing the band their beers , when Evan noticed my fog .
tr	NNS	Vin dropped her daggers with a quiet yelp , thrusting her hands forward and Pushing on the coins .
tr	NNS	The rain pummeled the roofs and the walls .
tr	NNS	"I have my suspicions on who it is , though . """
tr	NNS	As little as I 've eaten over the last few days , my stomach still feels nauseous .
tr	NN	"We 've had great success with total brain rehabilitation . """
tr	NN	""" Your weight doesn 't change the flavor of your blood anyway . """
tr	NNS	She saw the dirty dishes and a pang of guilt shot through her .
tr	NN	Apparently , Dante had a security detail assigned to me after all .
tr	NN	Tim hauls a wad of paper napkins out of his pocket and fans them out on the table .
tr	NN	Again , the chills ran up my spine .
tr	NN	She entered the conservatory , drawn to it by the bright sunlight falling through the walls of windows .
tr	NNS	He was laughing and biting back jokes .
tr	NN	With his parting words , he had sealed my fate .
tr	NN	Michael grabs a pillow , and turning his back to the pole , lies down .
tr	NNS	His eyes looked venomous as he bounded out of the morgue .
tr	NNS	Immediately his watch began beeping signals to run left or right as needed .
tr	NNS	""" I 'll do the dishes ."
tr	NN	She had a flying toddler at home and needed her sleep .
tr	NN	My wife no longer juggled the universe .
tr	NN	Steven had always valued their advice so he thoughtfully explained the situation .
tr	NNS	Linda had sent him photographs of Jennifer , and he didn 't recognise her .
tr	NN	Cole opened the trunk he had inherited and started changing into his sleeping clothes .
tr	NN	He raked a patch of burned skin off the chicken leg he was holding in one hand .
tr	NNS	Mom steams some vegetables and grills chicken for dinner .
tr	NNS	""" So we can expect data soon ? """
tr	NN	She chanced a peek at him from under her lashes .
tr	NNS	I brush my palms over her chest , down her smooth hips .
tr	NNS	Stu searched shelves throwing Johnny sanding blocks , finest grade wet and dry sandpaper a half used tub of cut and finish , solvents and buffing sponges .
tr	NN	As a result , we have always enjoyed a much higher rate of survival and healthiness in births than the mundane population .
tr	NN	Phoebe parted the floral wrapping , taking her time in the unveiling ... of ... A laptop computer .
tr	NNS	But could we get the numbers up by the end of July ?
tr	NN	""" How did you conjure such a clever scheme ? """
tr	NNS	He wanted her breasts hanging free in easy reach of his hands .
tr	NN	""" Come sta , bella cara ? """
tr	NN	"I 'll open the protective glass visor encasing this particular cart and Cindy and I will drop down onto the rocket . """
tr	NN	do not try this experiment on any flights originating from any cities in California .
tr	NNS	They take no chances on that boat , and if you do anything to raise suspicion even once , your name may as well be Jonah .
tr	NNS	He met the curious stares of his Council straight on .
tr	NN	He was kissing her spine now , and she felt the touch of his lips , each moist stroke of his tongue .
tr	NN	""" Just because the king and his son have taken a liking to you , doesn 't mean crap to me ."
tr	NNS	I could feel butterflies fluttering in my stomach .
tr	NN	Rick was given a military funeral at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery in San Diego .
tr	NN	Mike crossed over the highway to head back .
tr	NNS	When we were little she bought red plates especially for the birthday person .
tr	NN	I bit back the urge to scream .
tr	NNS	They 'll just give you the drugs that you can OD on later .
tr	NNS	Between the creaky sign and the empty house behind him he was getting the creeps .
tr	NNS	Residents heard shots at approximately 10pm .
tr	NNS	She swapped plates , and in a flash Luther had cleaned the second one .
tr	NNS	Little people were performing tricks and magic that brought people into laughter with their silly faces and stuffs .
tr	NNS	The day was already turning hot and pristine clouds floated slowly across an azure sky .
tr	NN	""" I didn 't take the towel off . """
tr	NN	""" Only Percival could retrieve the dagger ."
tr	NNS	When she was sure of her footing , she collected the dishes and patiently made her way toward the kitchen .
tr	NN	Therein he kept his receiver , turntable , and compact disc player .
tr	NN	She raised the towel to her eyes .
tr	NNS	I did laundry , he did the dishes .
tr	NNS	They had only walked fifty yards into the graveyard , when a moaning cry echoed off the wall behind them .
tr	NNS	"For hours on end , she 'd walk the halls , weeping and begging the spirits to bring you safely home . """
tr	NN	""" I could go pizza for lunch ."
tr	NNS	Over long turns , we 've found artifacts and scattered ruins , but nothing like this , not on this scale .
tr	NN	Armored vehicles gave chase , while local law enforcement blocked streets .
tr	NN	He began pacing back and forth before the chair .
tr	NNS	I can rip the numbers off a clock and watch the hour hand tick tick tick its final tock just before I fall asleep .
tr	NN	I tapped my fingernail against the counter impatiently .
tr	NNS	"The CEO of her company , a.k.a. "" Head Jerk "" had demanded these reports no later than noon ."
tr	NN	He just ordered the large prime rib with three sides and cajoled Becca into eating half his food .
tr	NNS	Then another arrow quickly hit the flailing deer .
tr	NN	He chose the latter hoping he 'd made the right decision , and anyway he was feeling quite tired after the nights excitement .
tr	NNS	"But they have fallen ill , victims of a debilitating fever . """
tr	NNS	They were shouting and taking swings at nothing that was visible .
tr	NN	""" I would call ' less than happy ' an understatement , dear girl ."
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to glance back in the direction of Garrick 's apartment .
tr	NN	""" Did you actually see the intruder ? """
tr	NN	I beg your pardon ? '
tr	NN	Having watched Kane 's encounter with the beggar , the young man noticed the severity of Kane 's financial situation .
tr	NNS	""" Hmm ... I don 't drink , smoke or do drugs ."
tr	NNS	Brennan walked down a few corridors and then stopped when they reached the waiting room to the ICU .
tr	NNS	""" This is the border of the spider 's territory , "" Allan told the sisters as they crossed the slippery logs ."
tr	NNS	And she 'd seen naked statues .
tr	NN	""" Michael has made a claim against Jared for the death of his earthen son , Isaac . """
tr	NNS	""" From the tapes . """
tr	NN	""" I - um ... I 'm going to stay with some relatives for a bit . """
tr	NN	With hands which were ever so slightly shaking , he carefully opened the scroll .
tr	NNS	"You want my babies to have a paternity test . """
tr	NN	When Fiona made it back to her seat , Meagan already had a new soda and two hot dogs .
tr	NNS	She ordered supplies and food for the kitchen , reviewed staff schedules , assisted the front desk , and managed the housekeeping and landscaping crews .
tr	NN	Jack put the flute inside the Whistler 's empty fingers in front of his face .
tr	NN	He had the whole drill down .
tr	NNS	She could see the models and crew waiting for him , but instead of hurrying over , he stopped walking and turned his back to everyone else .
tr	NN	He ran his knuckles up and down my arm .
tr	NN	He grabbed my butt and pressed against me harder .
tr	NNS	His big hands cupped my ribs and he flipped me over , placing a shirt under my head .
tr	NNS	Her mother set down her purse so carefully it might have held explosives .
tr	NN	Shane and Brody had scoured the clinic and bullied the staff , but the three were nowhere to be found .
tr	NNS	The spaceman scans his surroundings and then locks onto me again .
tr	NNS	Dori licked her whiskers , growled softly in thanks and leapt from the deck to the top of the fence before jumping down into the adjoining yard .
tr	NN	A glance at the clock told her that it was well past the time he should have had more aspirin .
tr	NNS	Those dwarfs should be shot , the prices they charge .
tr	NN	Jennifer tapped her pencil on the pad .
tr	NN	That would make her envy and upset even more apparent .
tr	NN	How did he manage such self-control ?
tr	NN	I could hear every rooster in the surrounding villages .
tr	NN	The old woman in black at the door held the largest , most exhilarating bouquet of deep red roses that Sally had ever seen .
tr	NN	Then she heard her ragged taunt .
tr	NNS	She raised her thumbs up , which meant that the show had been a success .
tr	NNS	When she 'd finished , she carried their plates to the small table across from the stove .
tr	NN	He swallowed his growl at her direct challenge .
tr	NN	Xavier slowly walked off the throne as Anthony 's remains were removed .
tr	NN	He tied the cloth around my face , gagging me .
tr	NNS	""" In all of these ethical , green , local sorts of companies ."
tr	NN	The broker had just the airplane .
tr	NN	""" Did you get that Barker ? """
tr	NNS	Alaska had cigarettes , although the Colonel neglected to ask whether 4 .
tr	NN	Every vampire had their assigned task and she , as the least senior vampire in the coven was left with sweeping the floors .
tr	NN	Her face was flawless , her skin as pure as the world 's most painstakingly made porcelain .
tr	NNS	""" She makes you your favorite dishes too . """
tr	NNS	She licked the drops of champagne from her lips .
tr	NN	"Marry your cowboy . """
tr	NNS	He had not soothed the man 's fears before he buried his fangs in his neck .
tr	NN	She seeks out a strong branch on the next tree over and leaps to it before she has a chance to talk herself out of it .
tr	NNS	I , too , could use my eyeballs .
tr	NN	Hank and Carla , the neighbors , kept a parrot 's cage on their back porch ; she could see its curved shadow .
tr	NNS	She curled her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NNS	We 're talking millions of years .
tr	NN	And to drop off the blender .
tr	NN	""" I understand your nickname now . """
tr	NNS	He trusted the wolves ' instincts .
tr	NNS	Liquids ran down tubes into him .
tr	NN	""" You should join the circus . """
tr	NN	"Natalie 's dad knows the owner of the hotel we stayed in so we all got a free room which is just as well . """
tr	NNS	"Silly little parlor tricks . """
tr	NNS	Finally I peeled back the layers and was able to lean into the tiny space .
tr	NNS	Why a newborn babe could teach such tricks !
tr	NNS	Maybe some soldiers could fulfill their job assignments with one leg .
tr	NN	Niles kept his loaded .32 caliber pistol in the back of the top drawer of his desk .
tr	NN	In nine more hours , he thought , I will begin the descent .
tr	NNS	Edward made enquiries but the University was as surprised at Edward 's interest as he at their indifference .
tr	NNS	The doctor abruptly stops and gives stares at me .
tr	NN	"But then I saw the tag on the dog 's collar moving , and I realized he was shaking . """
tr	NN	Thorn swung the shovel and slammed the blade into Droopy , who seemed momentarily stunned by the animal 's arrival .
tr	NN	' You can see the tower now . '
tr	NN	"I kinda liked the kilt , but this isn 't bad , either , "" Selma said , her tone teasing ."
tr	NN	The round ricocheted off the balcony railing .
tr	NNS	When he focused on a great black and brown beast running toward him , he palmed three cards .
tr	NNS	""" She is mucking out the dragon pens . """
tr	NNS	He could almost believe the ridiculous , superstitious tales his father had told him .
tr	NN	I thought and raised my pistol , slightly .
tr	NN	The older wore a gown of bottle green with black buttons up its bodice .
tr	NNS	The doctors had given him good scores on his wound ; with a little time and rehab , he 'd be fine .
tr	NN	And she appreciated the reprieve .
tr	NNS	He calmed the waters slightly , using gentle currents to coax the children toward the Goddess and himself .
tr	NN	She eyed the man 's muscled frame and the strong arms that held his sword .
tr	NN	"Be sure that , whatever else you get , you will not get justice . """
tr	NN	I toss the red flag over my shoulder .
tr	NN	If they did , he would utilize every lawyer on their payroll to break the will .
tr	NNS	The sun threw broken bits of light across her face .
tr	NNS	My mother blamed hormones .
tr	NNS	He used his suction cups to latch onto my head and started to pull .
tr	NNS	A dome of twinkling stars filled the heavens .
tr	NNS	I could see bikes and runners working their way around the lake across the street , everyone smiling and waving in the spring sunshine .
tr	NNS	As he climbed , the dust left marks on his clothes .
tr	NNS	He did not want the bandits to suspect that it was anything other than an ordinary sword , albeit a very good one .
tr	NNS	They were beginning operations to bring stability to the Northeast .
tr	NNS	"Otherwise , why send detectives on top of the cops who responded to the call ? """
tr	NNS	Another scrub of her hands still didn 't remove the stains that rode under her fingernails and deep in her cuticles .
tr	NNS	But he was already using powerful strokes to propel the chair down the hall to the small cage .
tr	NN	""" Three hours ago something simultaneously took out every satellite orbiting Xavier ."
tr	NN	"And I 'd bet my treasure your mother knew it when she had it placed on you . """
tr	NN	She let out a whoop of joy .
tr	NN	But he made out the plump cheeks and the smile on its face , and the tiny fingers of its extended hands .
tr	NNS	She took the cup Iona held out , took two deep swallows as she watched Iona over the rim .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Carter as I stood up .
tr	NNS	""" You have not lit your candles ?"
tr	NN	Turning the blade one direction then another , he was feeding my terror , enjoying it .
tr	NNS	He put his wineglass on the desk and stood .
tr	NNS	"They 'll pay you a thousand dollars and you don 't have to write the screenplay . """
tr	NNS	They stifled their giggles as they stepped over the energy snakes , and into the inner ring .
tr	NNS	He dumped all his batteries on the ground to sort out the dead ones while they talked .
tr	NNS	After my mom left , my dad never made home-cooked meals .
tr	NNS	"I got many scratches in my hands and legs just to get those berries , and nothing happened ! """
tr	NN	With the first now holding her arms , the pair of them carried her effortlessly into the awaiting bed and strapped her in .
tr	NN	Of course I take full responsibility .
tr	NN	""" They 've very much accelerated the digging of underground sewage drains , to try to get the sewage into the Thames as quickly as they can ."
tr	NN	However , Walter did pass down his blatant refusal to ever relent , which some saw as stubbornness but others lauded as a winning attitude .
tr	NN	As Nick led everyone to his firing range , Jimmy told everyone the extent of Nick 's power over everyone .
tr	NN	He wore a baseball cap on his head , his white t-shirt tucked in the back pocket of his cargo pants .
tr	NNS	"I can still salvage the data unless the damage is all-encompassing . """
tr	NNS	About a third of the way down the list had tick marks , letters he 'd already written .
tr	NNS	I loaded the batteries and one of the tiny cassettes , and did a quick test recording .
tr	NN	He kissed her injured temple at the bottom of the torn skin .
tr	NN	"Hawk continued half-heartedly , "" By afternoon perhaps both the weather and Teresa will be in better shape for us to travel . """
tr	NN	""" Looks brand new ."
tr	NNS	"Say , Will , you have any cards with you ? """
tr	NNS	""" How did so much red rain penetrate your shields ? """
tr	NNS	' That lack of a government has invited all sorts of incursions from the outside .
tr	NNS	I heard a chair 's metal wheels screech and grind against the floor and then his hands enveloped my free one .
tr	NNS	I scanned the monitors .
tr	NN	""" But you have your unicorn . """
tr	NNS	You could plainly see tracks going off in two different directions .
tr	NNS	Unlike Elizabeth 's , however , Lady Langston 's eyes held no wariness , only the soft glow of a woman content with her lot .
tr	NNS	It had apples and I felt at home with these two .
tr	NN	I 'll have faith for that .
tr	NN	In the house , he patted her butt and told her to be good .
tr	NN	"An "" Oh my god ! """
tr	NNS	We lean our foreheads together and I smile at him for a second , thinking naughty thoughts .
tr	NNS	For me , our apartment represents loneliness , as forbidding as an unheated house returned to after a long absence in the sun .
tr	NNS	Even in driving rain , local people kept their coats on in church .
tr	NNS	Watchers , dressed in their black jumpsuits and army boots , herd the Colony members like sheep .
tr	NN	He was using a feather to torture her .
tr	NN	He grabbed an old dusty notepad off the shelf , and a quill pen , and threw them across the room .
tr	NN	Another lost film about a young girl who carries the souls of the dead to the ocean .
tr	NNS	Have you packed all necessary items ?
tr	NN	Warm tingles rushed down her spine and sent the blood pumping in her veins .
tr	NN	Most women love my cock .
tr	NNS	Maris batted her long eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	"By the time I was twenty-one , I owned three buildings , and they were all successful . """
tr	NNS	But it drained his powers instantly .
tr	NN	I felt the prick as the point pressed at my right nipple .
tr	NN	""" Yes , he wasn ´ t even from around here ."
tr	NNS	""" I need six cups of coffee ."
tr	NN	That we may never find the valley ?
tr	NNS	Told Yanni to go find three dining chairs .
tr	NNS	Both have backpacks and one is carrying a basketball under his right arm .
tr	NN	""" These 'll sell , "" Pink held up a handful of the plastic jewelry ."
tr	NNS	""" That the United States , has the third largest reserves of oil after Saudi Arabia and Russia but seem to be running out ."
tr	NN	""" I beg pardon , but I was under the impression that Mrs. Beaumont was gravely ill . """
tr	NNS	"Our police forces are constantly doing sweeping operations to apprehend them . """
tr	NN	""" We can expect a stampede of redskins on pinto ponies ? """
tr	NN	It poured its wet , sticky self nearer to her and the dead bug words popped from its mouth .
tr	NNS	She had offended many members of court in doing so , not the least of them Madame .
tr	NN	Perhaps that would erase his smirk .
tr	NNS	We don 't want your damned germs and your smelly grass and your dull blue sky and your dull white clouds .
tr	NNS	""" You expect further troubles ? """
tr	NN	""" So I went down highway 33 for a while , then off a side road and tried to pick up the trail of the bus ."
tr	NN	Her smile held no cruelty , but it held no warmth , either .
tr	NN	Don 't forget , I can see this paddock from my place .
tr	NNS	' It sends all sorts of mixed signals . '
tr	NN	Each dwarf was now holding a digging tool .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine , held her shoulders back , and approached the school .
tr	NNS	"I used these medical terms only to render the record exact and comprehensive . """
tr	NN	""" Now , "" Maren said , "" Piers will provide a lesson in what it means to cross me . """
tr	NNS	A burst of wind rattled the chairs and the desk , and then there was nothing .
tr	NNS	In response to her giving him a warning look , he raised his palms in jovial apology .
tr	NN	He wet a cloth with warm water and cleaned her face gently .
tr	NN	"Begin construction next year . """
tr	NN	He also clutched a steaming teacup in one hand .
tr	NN	""" Because it costs a fortune . """
tr	NN	She traced a fingertip over several of the numbers .
tr	NN	""" I accept full responsibility for your mother . """
tr	NN	Maybe I 'm not giving him enough credit .
tr	NNS	For as long as she lived , she 'd never forget the coldness in his eyes , the finality in his voice .
tr	NN	Rupert was given command of his 1,000 veteran cavalry , while Wilmot was put in command of the 1,500 cavalier nobles on the other wing .
tr	NN	""" When the dome covered just part of the planet , the wind deposited soil on them , little by little ."
tr	NN	""" Have a banana ! """
tr	NN	In his haste , he broke the fragile clasp .
tr	NN	Rhys asked , a vicious undertone to his voice .
tr	NNS	""" You eatin ' those damn birds ? """
tr	NN	She puffed a big teasing bubble toward his face .
tr	NNS	They have limited abilities and are able to get drunk .
tr	NN	He threw back the bolt and opened the door .
tr	NNS	What better way to polish off your skills than in the heat of battle once more ?
tr	NN	If they could get across the river , they might reach Potter 's Place in another day or two .
tr	NNS	The mind plays tricks .
tr	NNS	Bernard willed the wheels to turn faster as dread clutched him .
tr	NNS	He could ask directions , but that wouldn 't be too smart if he was trying to escape .
tr	NNS	We will put our fins on once we get to about waist depth and then start our swim out .
tr	NNS	Because I 've spotted other lights , floating through the air from different directions , all angling towards the same spot several hundred yards ahead of me .
tr	NN	You have no conception of the monsters we are dealing with .
tr	NN	Suzan stuck the orange candle in its own wax on the road , beside the red one .
tr	NNS	Jagged bolts of lightning speared the clouds ; thunder rolled across the lowering skies .
tr	NN	She got a pillow and a duvet from the spare room , placed the pillow gently under his head , and covered him with the duvet .
tr	NN	""" What about his sex addiction and his cheating ? """
tr	NNS	Looking ahead of her , father holds little Sybil in his arms .
tr	NN	We don 't usually get such a long stretch of settled weather as the last few days .
tr	NNS	Now he would say something remorseful , but I wouldn 't be able to accept his apology .
tr	NNS	Folks kill folks for fun .
tr	NN	This time the helicopter lowered the orange rescue cage .
tr	NN	Only twenty feet from where I stood , Mercer climbed up the hill toward the house , limping and holding his stomach .
tr	NN	"As you know , he already has enough health to support the existing crew , so this desire must be bargained for . """
tr	NNS	David could make out the white wires of Xavier 's headphones running into his plaid pajama pockets .
tr	NN	The auctioneer repeated the bid .
tr	NN	Strangers appearing , wreaking havoc .
tr	NN	I quickly peeled a second banana and starting eating it just as voraciously .
tr	NNS	You must follow his teachings and instructions , once that sire accepts responsibility for you .
tr	NNS	One tech was packing physical and chemical samples , and another was carefully uploading their findings .
tr	NNS	""" Why would a man draw numbers ?"
tr	NNS	""" But even superheroes need good folks at their backs ."
tr	NN	Cassandra smoothed the long black gown that fell directly from her shoulders to the floor , and walked slowly to the window .
tr	NN	You made them a horrifying example for everyone to see .
tr	NN	I could hear the alarm ringing faintly through the open elevator shaft far above .
tr	NNS	A moment later , he heard dishes smashing on the floor .
tr	NNS	His lips were hovering only inches above her , tempting her , teasing her .
tr	NN	The sea monster swam around the sculpture of Apollo , singing a sorrowful song .
tr	NN	Lujan opened up his desktop terminal after the surgeon left .
tr	NN	When the ball did finally drop out of sight , McDougal threw his baseball cap onto the table and did a little circular jig .
tr	NN	""" Did you have a nice landing on that cyclops ? """
tr	NNS	My father had created the members of The Courant to figure out , but there was no documentation on their findings .
tr	NNS	John didn 't understand the directions at first , but knew from experience with other games that he would learn as the game progressed .
tr	NNS	That 's Kurt and Bernie , they 're keeping tabs on Marty , just as a precaution .
tr	NN	He 'd rather not have any proof that there was real feeling behind it .
tr	NN	We still have a mortal among us !
tr	NNS	These creatures actually have babies , or pups , that learn shape shifting as early as 12 in human years .
tr	NNS	The audience made murmurs of agreement .
tr	NNS	Checking her call log , she found two texts .
tr	NN	""" Oh , Astro Boy up there ... the statue ."
tr	NNS	Music blared and colored lights danced off nearby gray buildings .
tr	NNS	He scooped up plates and silverware and went back to the kitchen .
tr	NN	And no , I don 't need a search warrant .
tr	NN	""" No , I must defeat and win this quest on my own ."
tr	NN	But for a lorry waiting for the haulage company gates to clear , they saw no other traffic .
tr	NNS	He 's just finishing his reports at QT .
tr	NN	Even though I can taste bile in the back of my mouth , I have no trouble answering .
tr	NNS	""" I 'd lose my clients ."
tr	NNS	"We 'll take the houses they empty . """
tr	NNS	Chapter 7 From all their afternoons and evenings together , Earl knew Dante hated surprises .
tr	NNS	He normally kept good tabs on everything happening in the forest .
tr	NNS	Lisa took the roses from me and placed them in a type of bouquet .
tr	NN	I was not going commando .
tr	NN	"Save yourself young hero . """
tr	NN	""" Such wonderful food , and they gave me a whole dozen of those sweet dumplings at the end , too ."
tr	NN	He would end this charade so that when he found Nicole , nothing would stand in his way .
tr	NNS	Gregor looked over the supplies and thought about Boots wailing for food and water in the jungle .
tr	NNS	Grief and loneliness flooded my senses , and I closed my eyes as I attempted to regain my composure .
tr	NN	She loved Colin 's intelligence , his humor , and , yes , his sexual skill .
tr	NNS	Once these scraps had produced wondrous effects , their powerful magics demanding unparalleled prices .
tr	NNS	She gathered medical supplies while alternately making and delivering food .
tr	NNS	Together they placed all the mismatched figurines around the barn .
tr	NN	"How soon before I can have a dozen of these ? """
tr	NN	she asked the dragon next to her .
tr	NNS	""" My kidnap victims . """
tr	NNS	She has rare talents , much like you have .
tr	NN	""" They have taken a liking to you ."
tr	NNS	""" Find some good coins , okay ? """
tr	NNS	I 'd heard fabric ripping .
tr	NN	Have faith in me .
tr	NNS	At that time , philosophy comprised all areas of speculative thought and included not only the arts , but sciences and religion as well .
tr	NNS	Speed no longer heard the crashes of a ship in chaos , with weapons and men flying around the cavernous chambers .
tr	NNS	""" That 's like picking up powers between levels in a video game , but you don 't die for real in a video game ! """
tr	NN	""" I could use your advice . """
tr	NN	Hal had shared her pregnancy as intimately as any person could , and she needed him to be with her .
tr	NN	She swallowed hard , the lump rising in her throat because she wanted that last one to be true .
tr	NNS	He remembered her directness , her honesty , and the games played by women who tried to attract him did nothing other than turn him off .
tr	NNS	His hands stopped aerial maneuvers and landed on the bed .
tr	NN	She 'd been so enchanted by the obvious benefits of their mating bond , she 'd never considered the possibility there might be a downside .
tr	NN	They need immediate treatment .
tr	NN	Just like the good cop from Veronica Mars .
tr	NNS	"Rick smiled slyly and said , "" Because , I 'm just that good . """
tr	NNS	""" You know witches ; your protector should 've told you this by now ."
tr	NNS	Teach more advanced students .
tr	NNS	I 'll skip my classes tomorrow and come up first thing .
tr	NNS	People are needing their fruits and vegetables , yes ?
tr	NNS	""" I didn 't think faeries liked shopping and buying stuff ."
tr	NNS	James pushed the boxers down his thighs revealing his large arousal .
tr	NN	Came the dark command and pushed him back down the hallway they had just come from .
tr	NNS	He drew crowds like a celebrity and women clamored to get his attention .
tr	NNS	Coming from a family of loving con artists , Zoe didn 't normally trust outsiders easily .
tr	NNS	' Watch your mouth , Max , ' he warned thinly .
tr	NNS	""" That 's wonderful , Buddy , just don 't take any chances ."
tr	NN	I didn 't know what other option I 'd had .
tr	NNS	She felt the twitches of loss of control seizing her .
tr	NN	""" You will probably remember the incident ."
tr	NN	At every critical juncture , he had supplied the breakthrough , the necessary understanding .
tr	NNS	All you do is tell lies !
tr	NNS	Eden rubs his temples in an attempt to remember .
tr	NNS	""" You mean water faeries ? """
tr	NN	We are reaching an era when such technology is both miniaturized and relatively inexpensive , leaving great scope for its easy deployment by terrorist groups .
tr	NN	""" That would jeopardise the entire operation . """
tr	NNS	We heard other pebbles bouncing further away from us .
tr	NNS	"* * * "" That was quick , "" Trace grinned at Ashe as their waitress placed plates of food on the table ."
tr	NNS	If they brushed chests passing in the kitchen , she logged the boys ' favorite foods .
tr	NN	They set up a massive barbecue in the street .
tr	NNS	Grandma had taken off the stacks of rings she usual y wore on her fingers .
tr	NNS	' Forest fires and things ! '
tr	NNS	He pulled open the drapes and slid the big door open .
tr	NN	""" You can start learning , today ! """
tr	NNS	Through the dense foliage overhead winked brilliant points of light glowing from an orange sun -- soon the brightness of the afternoon would fade .
tr	NNS	It confirms my suspicions .
tr	NN	I want your obedience .
tr	NN	That leaves the third possibility , which I 'd like to discuss with you in person .
tr	NN	"He 's fixing the main mast . "" """
tr	NN	Joan gave her hand another squeeze .
tr	NN	He had proved his manhood , had shown no fear , and had come within two seconds of winning twenty bucks .
tr	NNS	He hovered inches away .
tr	NN	I felt her electricity pulsing wildly inside mine and I consciously covered hers completely with my magic , claiming her as mine .
tr	NNS	You squeezed the last drops out of the ketchup bottle and the last dab of toothpaste out of the tube .
tr	NNS	Everyone was drinking tea and eating scones .
tr	NN	You got a package here .
tr	NNS	Suddenly ill at ease , Jace muttered his apologies and stared at his feet .
tr	NNS	His warm cologne assaulted her senses , reminding her of falling asleep beside him and waking up in his arms the last few mornings .
tr	NN	He whipped a dirty rag away from the molds beside the ship 's furnace .
tr	NN	Staring up into his damn pretty blue eyes Nick felt his resolve slipping away .
tr	NN	""" Thank goodness they didn 't have any furies . """
tr	NNS	""" They could each have one hundred gold coins on them ."
tr	NN	"I don 't want a flag raised on some remote computer Whitney might be monitoring . """
tr	NN	"We 're having a small reunion . """
tr	NN	""" I haven 't even given you his resume yet ."
tr	NNS	After a few freeway junctions , they left the busy roads behind and flew toward a dark expanse of water .
tr	NN	""" So I do get credit . """
tr	NNS	Cautiously she opened her senses again , testing .
tr	NNS	When he had finished he filled his pockets with what he had not eaten and proceeded .
tr	NN	Now they 're re-writing her personality to fit their agenda .
tr	NN	And on a center shelf , I saw an opalescent sphere similar to the one I had carried in my hand the past summer .
tr	NN	""" And don 't kill the pirate ."
tr	NN	Zella dropped her pen .
tr	NN	""" Crandall Bittner has completed his weave for the Veil of Life . """
tr	NNS	We had a different priorities .
tr	NN	"Maybe they are seeking revenge against you for Mia taking David out in the first place and turning Marlena human . """
tr	NNS	But first I need some wheels .
tr	NN	"Strike this bargain and you 'll never hear the name ' Skywalker ' ever again , "" he replied ."
tr	NN	He handed the assault rifle off to the General .
tr	NN	A twitchy giggle delayed the reveal .
tr	NN	Then came the last great Spirit Chief , Taha Aki .
tr	NN	""" How did you ever learn their language ? """
tr	NNS	She put the deer back down and stared at it , watching the fleas jump off its lifeless body .
tr	NNS	Shorty patted his Jacket pockets .
tr	NNS	He and his father reached tube twelve to see a short fat man arrive ; he could barely fit in the tube .
tr	NNS	He checked his data , then hit a red release button .
tr	NNS	John saw the pages of his book but was really concentrating on something building on the horizon .
tr	NN	On pure instinct , he slammed the butt of the staff into the ground .
tr	NNS	For , that would jam the wheels of our economy and bring the market to a standstill .
tr	NNS	Ott checked his reports , to see if anything up to the northwest had been declared off limits that he might have forgotten about .
tr	NNS	She awkwardly rested her palms on her sides then glanced up at the lights twinkling on the Ferris wheel .
tr	NNS	"Can you use your prayers to tell me if it 's in there ? """
tr	NNS	We swap tales while we eat , and the stories continue long after we 've finished munching .
tr	NN	His gun had a red laser pointer attached .
tr	NNS	And somewhere someone was placing candles around a makeshift shrine to a martyred saint , lighting them , then walking away .
tr	NN	Despite this , he caught a glimpse of the huge obsidian rock .
tr	NN	""" Her brother expresses his sorrow that Sarah was the victim of such a hideous crime ."
tr	NN	Do you do History ? '
tr	NNS	They also got many stares as they rolled down the street .
tr	NN	"I think the best option for you is to return to Turkey . """
tr	NN	the woman asked brightly , her breath a feathery white plume .
tr	NN	Swinging it up and around his shoulders , Blue Cloud wraps the cloth around him .
tr	NNS	He dragged the coals out into the room and it set fire to the house before he died .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't have the actual tapes ."
tr	NN	Summer replaced the receiver and lay back on the bed .
tr	NNS	""" We 've kil ed so many students on this campus ."
tr	NN	She passed her licensing exam with five errors when the total errors allowed were 50 .
tr	NN	His other hand was pinching and twisting my other nipple .
tr	NNS	Then they threw torches on the thatch roofs and it was easy for all of his men to race out before the whole town was aflame .
tr	NNS	Immediately she felt dizzy , and when she wobbled just a bit , Jake stood and moved to help her .
tr	NN	I place the hair clip in the pocket of my jeans and head back out the door , locking up my home for the very last time .
tr	NN	""" You don 't have proof . """
tr	NN	I saw the gleam of insanity in Pearl 's eyes , the madness in Edna 's , the hatred in Travis Jackson 's .
tr	NN	Birdsong filled the valley .
tr	NNS	But of course Garrett had covered his tracks .
tr	NNS	And to the loud cheers to the health of all dragons , Hamish made several trips into the cellar .
tr	NNS	Lara was studying the latest reports .
tr	NNS	Angelina gave him directions to the same spot that two days earlier had been a sight of emergency vehicles , law enforcement and yellow tape .
tr	NN	He gives the question thoughtful consideration , then shakes his head .
tr	NN	Kelly felt her pulse quicken .
tr	NNS	""" To kick the drugs . """
tr	NNS	"Cats hate loud , sudden noises . """
tr	NN	He threw open the closet and began to rip his clothes down from the hangers .
tr	NN	She has no personality from the looks of her bedroom .
tr	NN	I feel his cock at my slit , pushing into me as he holds me in place .
tr	NNS	If I left it in place , I could have four stacks of seven cells .
tr	NNS	He 'd been doing drugs for months .
tr	NN	Sofia felt the urge to ask him more , especially of one thing .
tr	NN	"Scotty 's hotel is right next door ; a classy place , "" Charmaine whispered , her lips brushing his ear lobe ."
tr	NN	He 'd recognized her dodge .
tr	NNS	I rip the covers off and jump out of bed .
tr	NN	"We all need that same closure . """
tr	NNS	Lodge reassembled the dungeon tiles and set the table back to rights .
tr	NN	So , no , I have no browser .
tr	NNS	We have patients in critical condition !
tr	NN	I gave him some legal advice a few months ago .
tr	NNS	"If any one of them is involved in this , then boy , have we got troubles . """
tr	NNS	""" I have rights ."
tr	NNS	"A woman has the same rights as a man here to take her pleasure where she pleases , and change her mind when she pleases . """
tr	NNS	Hopefully we can locate her sisters before her mother banishes her from ever leaving the house again .
tr	NNS	Clayton brought out two contracts of indenture and helped the brothers scratch their first names only on the paper .
tr	NN	His pants tightened over his thickening shaft .
tr	NNS	We made arrangements for the funeral .
tr	NN	""" I have a confession . """
tr	NN	She has earned admiration of half the village .
tr	NN	""" Then you don 't trust anybody ."
tr	NN	""" You shall see , "" he said cryptically , which only made me more nervous ."
tr	NN	She 'd oiled woodwork , polished silver , and scrubbed the pink marble floor in the entry hall until she could see her face in it .
tr	NNS	""" I 've seen smoother roads , and it 's not going to get better once we get up into those hills . """
tr	NNS	I don 't dare flinch .
tr	NNS	She pulled back the covers on her bed so she could wriggle beneath them .
tr	NNS	She wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	Every minute or so he checked the monitors like he was a night watch protecting a vault loaded with stacks of bills .
tr	NN	"I don 't think honey and fake jewelry are going to work here . """
tr	NN	Michael 's head tilted , his gaze narrowing .
tr	NNS	Verity sensed Jonas 's sudden , deep stillness .
tr	NN	Mae unzipped my backpack , and pulled out a set of night goggles .
tr	NNS	""" Hope so , "" he said fervently ."
tr	NNS	He rubs his eyes and then blinks as he gazes up at the ceiling .
tr	NNS	We must have more patrols to ensure the safety of messengers and merchants .
tr	NNS	Sharing meals and stories .
tr	NN	The moment she extinguished her pewter , however , she 'd feel the exhaustion in force .
tr	NNS	Six circles marked the areas where Jimmy 's cameras were located .
tr	NN	The spear struck the goblin on the right side of his back just above the waist .
tr	NN	J.C. gave me a big thumbs-up and a grin .
tr	NN	With a high pitched shriek and a look of death in his eyes , he clutched his groin and slowly toppled over .
tr	NN	I have reviewed your proposal , and I like it , but there are some details that need to be updated by his department .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of herself in a full-body length mirror against a wall of the apartment .
tr	NNS	Phil left the chambers closing the door behind him and went back to the conference room where Mat was writing his third page when Phil walked in .
tr	NNS	A third brought the candles in her bedchamber to life to turn away the darkness .
tr	NN	He had such a strange effect on her .
tr	NNS	"This time I 'm calling the shots , Nate . """
tr	NNS	"I have other houses which I think are infinitely more pleasing , although not so convenient to town . """
tr	NNS	The tall steel skyscrapers made great targets for Zeus , the Greek god of storms .
tr	NNS	""" You don 't understand , "" he said viciously ."
tr	NN	He turned and headed back down the hill and then took the path in the opposite direction .
tr	NNS	Then he would erase his tracks and disappear into the south seas .
tr	NN	He did not resume pacing .
tr	NNS	She imagined warm , sunny beaches as she turned toward the river bottoms .
tr	NN	I only would have gotten a reputation for being a lying whore at school .
tr	NN	When I reach the safety of land , I wave my hand and mouth a prayer to lay them back to rest .
tr	NN	""" It means possible defeat if we cannot convince the judge that our claim against your son is valid ."
tr	NN	Owen cracked his knuckles .
tr	NN	""" Did Justice Rayburn have the same respect for his son ? """
tr	NN	""" I adore her too , Mama . """
tr	NNS	"You could still eat something rotten and test this belief . """
tr	NN	He stalked directly in , then opened his closet .
tr	NN	They got an antipasto platter to share , and Becca ordered manicotti and Zach got eggplant parmesan served over spaghetti ( one of his favorite dishes ) .
tr	NN	""" Dave , "" Bill suggested , "" Why don 't you make an announcement ?"
tr	NNS	From my left , Madeline , whose dark hair is gathered back into a messy knot , adjusts the ties on her crocheted bikini 's halter top .
tr	NN	Brittany gave me a congratulatory smirk and took her lead position again .
tr	NN	""" I don 't need a shrink , Jared ."
tr	NNS	"Only five dollars . """
tr	NN	They wore white velvet covered all over with pearls , gifts of His Majesty .
tr	NNS	I might need my contacts in Washington .
tr	NN	"We took a blood oath . """
tr	NN	I start pacing the floor , needing to move because sitting still seems so maddening .
tr	NNS	He had beaten William senseless .
tr	NNS	He does not have his abilities yet .
tr	NN	Where his eyes had been black and impossible to fathom , she now glimpsed hunger , a stark possessiveness .
tr	NNS	People threw wadded napkins and plastic straws on the stage .
tr	NN	He dutifully copied the coordinates onto his note pad just in case .
tr	NNS	Trajan was reading reports on his cell regarding Pack business in Dallas .
tr	NN	They headed down a hill ; the expensive houses of Santa Monica framed them on both sides of the wide street .
tr	NN	One hit the trunk again , a dangerously close call , just as Javier brought the car spinning around the corner and on to another road .
tr	NN	He 'd made the hard climb , got the bread he was after , and it was done .
tr	NNS	""" How many chairs were there ?"
tr	NNS	Roast beef sandwiches , salad , strawberries , and champagne .
tr	NNS	' You can mortgage your stations . '
tr	NN	I can 't exactly lend you credibility .
tr	NN	In another direction he saw a single hill .
tr	NNS	Ashe pointed out the numbers .
tr	NN	Then I 'd read the tuition and swept them into the trash can , along with the local paper and whatever other crap had come that day .
tr	NN	I 'll not quit my duty . '
tr	NNS	""" Gang members ? """
tr	NN	One struck her thigh , below the hem of the skirt of plated leather straps hanging from her belt .
tr	NNS	""" I had pink and green rubber bands on my braces ."
tr	NN	Did I really need all the crap I carried around on a daily basis ?
tr	NNS	She dealt the cards easily , but not nearly as efficiently as he had done .
tr	NNS	The act pushed out his plates and made him resemble a bear deciding how to maul its prey .
tr	NNS	Something that smells like strawberries .
tr	NN	He grabbed a scoped rifle , walked about ten feet from the car and dropped to one knee .
tr	NN	He hadn 't voiced any direct opposition to me going home , but I could tell he wasn 't a big fan of the idea .
tr	NNS	""" To the victor go the spoils ! """
tr	NNS	His being in the Marines most of his life gave him opportunities to visit exotic places and learn the ways of other cultures .
tr	NN	Thinking he 'd been insulted , he turned his gaze blankly back to the street again .
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes at me .
tr	NNS	She may be releasing more , or less , hormones .
tr	NNS	He does not want those complications , that change .
tr	NNS	""" Because in my family we never took photographs . """
tr	NN	Now that I actually had to explain it , it all felt a little petty , but there was no backing out now .
tr	NNS	""" As I understand it , Eric and Spinner had some personal issues ."
tr	NNS	Maybe the wine exacerbated the drugs , if there were any drugs .
tr	NNS	I watched the other students as I entered the cafeteria and noticed that there was something different about them .
tr	NNS	After all , she was still wearing her Birthright Jewels , still cutting her Craft baby teeth .
tr	NNS	""" We need the dock workers , that 's not in question ."
tr	NNS	"I have finals . """
tr	NNS	But Valentina , he now realized , knew his crew members even better than he did .
tr	NN	""" We could find some out-of-the-way cafe ."
tr	NNS	Susan had taken more chances than Daisy in her time , and yet she 'd never got caught out .
tr	NN	""" She 's having a seizure . """
tr	NNS	On the water 's surface he saw reflections .
tr	NN	As she ran the final steps toward the cliff 's edge , she ripped the gown over her head , which blinded her for a frightening moment .
tr	NNS	We exchanged numbers yesterday and I didn 't want to have to explain too much about him to Nix .
tr	NNS	He 'd only met the members of Real Murders once .
tr	NNS	As he rounded the final bend that would take him to where the well was located , he examined his chances with Marcela .
tr	NN	They had chosen a nondescript little café in which to meet .
tr	NNS	His knee parted her thighs and she willingly opened to him .
tr	NN	I gave her my best scowl .
tr	NNS	This close to Mardi Gras , he couldn 't afford any distractions .
tr	NN	The once empty room now had furniture in it , but not what I expected .
tr	NNS	Mac gave the twins the thumbs up sign .
tr	NN	""" We have a mutual respect for one another , though , and that 's more than a lot of married couples can say ."
tr	NN	He dropped the curtain back into place and headed toward the kitchen .
tr	NN	""" Kieran is considering selling ."
tr	NN	"Tara 's letter should offer some measure of proof . """
tr	NN	"I watch my food intake very carefully . """
tr	NNS	He let out a low hiss , wrapping his hand around my throat .
tr	NNS	Burnt out buildings , burned out cars and bodies hanging from lamp posts .
tr	NNS	It 's hard hearing your shortcomings listed off in such an obvious manner .
tr	NN	Gunnar took the scroll and broke the seal .
tr	NNS	When confronted with a problem , he analyzed all possible solutions : costs versus benefits , risks balanced out against rewards .
tr	NN	""" We 've only got the fish Mr. Tully brought us earlier . """
tr	NN	Noelle stifled a yawn and checked the clock .
tr	NNS	Open doors under glowing signs invited shoppers , and the merchants waved holographic images of their wares at the crowd in the street .
tr	NN	Turning , Jordan examined the young chaplain .
tr	NNS	"They both have strength runes carved into them , so I can pack a hell of a kick . """
tr	NNS	"Making his meals and baking his bread . """
tr	NNS	I 've got some black olives and tomatoes I could add .
tr	NN	""" Why did you need the pen ? """
tr	NNS	""" I 'll get the supplies . """
tr	NNS	That knowledge made her even more breathless .
tr	NN	I face the task you faced with me , and hope That I 'm equipped to do it .
tr	NNS	Other women might have strong maternal instincts , but not Alix .
tr	NN	The little boy needed a haircut ; she 'd try to remember to bring a comb and scissors tomorrow .
tr	NN	I don 't have the material for making gunpowder .
tr	NNS	So instead they funded rebel factions with guns and other weapons to do their dirty work for them .
tr	NN	An odd notion he 'd never noticed before , but come to think of it , he rarely shot the breeze .
tr	NN	""" From the clinic ? """
tr	NN	Eduard outweighed the goblin by a good fifty pounds and would have won the contest easily had the goblin not flung his forehead into Eduard 's nose .
tr	NN	I liked the fragrance .
tr	NNS	We will then , in a systematic way , store the data in a centralized data base .
tr	NN	"You have a farm to run . """
tr	NN	"Get this crap off my hands and feet . """
tr	NN	Daniel pulled out a pencil and paper from the inside of his cloak .
tr	NN	Pia had thrown down the gauntlet .
tr	NNS	Her whispered song created loneliness and despair .
tr	NNS	""" He got bigger pops ? """
tr	NNS	Sutton had all the opportunities in the world , and yet she wasn 't taking advantage of any of them .
tr	NN	Hayden picks up a strand of my hair and gently pushes it back over my shoulder .
tr	NNS	My feet had grown concrete blocks , and just when I thought I couldn 't go another step , I saw the chaplain .
tr	NN	He jerked the cruiser into gear and stomped the gas .
tr	NN	I will need a volunteer for more mischief .
tr	NN	"Can you change the security code so no one else can get in ? """
tr	NN	""" He sucked the venom out you know , like with a rattlesnake . """
tr	NN	I 'll expect the uniform back tomorrow .
tr	NNS	She had recited the pros and cons of several over-the-counter birth control methods before he managed to stop laughing and occupied her thoughts with something else instead .
tr	NN	I don 't know all the detail , but he talked your mum into mortgaging the property to buy a prize mob of sheep .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , he recognised the noises around him straight away .
tr	NN	One man pointed a rifle at someone down behind the counter , where we couldn 't see .
tr	NNS	I feel the coolness of the machine .
tr	NN	With each footfall there came the real possibility that he might step wrong .
tr	NN	Tosh gave her knee a squeeze .
tr	NNS	""" It would help relations to ask for their help ."
tr	NN	Rosie , to her friends , had quite the impressive resume .
tr	NNS	""" You 've pulled some low down tricks in the past , but this has to be the lowest . """
tr	NNS	I controlled Shane 's killer instincts , and they were housed right next to his sexual ones .
tr	NNS	Momentarily stunned , she recalled the servants she 'd interacted with the other day , and gave an honest effort at their accent and mannerisms .
tr	NNS	""" I have sweats , a t-shirt , and flip flops in the car ."
tr	NN	He pushed open the curtain and stepped inside .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , he had only one option .
tr	NNS	""" They usually hang around wolves . """
tr	NNS	No one ever discovered any drugs in the hotel room .
tr	NNS	So I stepped along the narrow tiles of the roof , my arms out wide .
tr	NN	""" Forget the cavalry . """
tr	NNS	She 's written four novels and one non-fiction book Grief : The Great Yearning .
tr	NNS	Mikhail 's does not offer luxury accommodations , but that 's fine .
tr	NN	"After a little silence she indicated his pager and asked , "" Did you get -- whatever it was -- taken care of ? """
tr	NNS	""" But we have bikes too . """
tr	NNS	I had my doubts , though , about whether anything could be redeemed from our slick , glued bodysuits .
tr	NN	Not Brick attempted his standard female appeasement patter .
tr	NN	Her wonderful , protective brothers considered a motorcycle too dangerous for their baby sister to ride .
tr	NN	A few of the younger men of the Order were high in the trees with the golden sickles , gathering mistletoe .
tr	NN	""" But sometimes we use a condom , too . """
tr	NNS	And hadn 't I used my powers for the first time on the one night that we were separated ?
tr	NNS	Fate faced the other concepts apologetically .
tr	NN	She could hear her pulse throbbing in her ears and feel her blood flowing .
tr	NN	I can feel my face growing hotter at the sting of his rebuke .
tr	NN	He 's living proof that in life , you win some and you lose some .
tr	NN	I opened the file and I 've got to say I was surprised .
tr	NNS	A large blackened crater opened a few yards away .
tr	NN	He roared his fury , brutal feelings he didn 't quite understand surging through him as he watched her battle across the room .
tr	NN	"Who has the flute ? """
tr	NNS	"We haven 't the numbers to efficiently patrol . """
tr	NN	That is called privacy .
tr	NN	The Keeper gave the impression he was mulling over my offer .
tr	NN	Yet he had offered her no harm .
tr	NN	PART FOUR The Fall of Alfred Kropp 49 We laid Mike on the sofa in the cabin 's main room .
tr	NN	Would she leave the pup to get hurt or be taken because she couldn 't face going out into the forest ?
tr	NN	Out of the corner of my eye , I could see his smirk fading away as his face became serious again .
tr	NNS	Greene pulled the folds away from his younger son .
tr	NNS	He can fetch items your friend can 't reach yet .
tr	NNS	Whose masterpieces reach mind-boggling figures .
tr	NNS	""" Ooh magic tricks ! """
tr	NN	I patted the sheath at my hip .
tr	NNS	I could feel his heart beats .
tr	NN	She smothered a yawn .
tr	NN	He picked up the pillow Soul had slept on and fluffed it then returned it to the head of the bed .
tr	NNS	"Or Adrienne was telling lies for reasons of her own . """
tr	NNS	""" He indeed has some broken ribs , but they 're lower and didn 't do any damage to his lungs or other internal organs ."
tr	NN	""" And where on earth did you get this outfit ? """
tr	NN	Adolf raised a Luger 9mm pistol , aiming at her head .
tr	NN	If you will elect to care for her , then we will add her pension to yours .
tr	NNS	I will cite a few examples .
tr	NN	""" She 'll have a star hanging from a cord around her neck with Mattie 's name on it ."
tr	NN	He continued down the highway having five miles to clear on foot to his neighborhood .
tr	NN	Then they noticed her reluctance to leave the farm .
tr	NN	She tucked her emerald green silk blouse that matched her eyes into her black pencil skirt before opening the door and following Valerie out into the hallway .
tr	NNS	""" True , but I hate humanity as much as I hate the gods ."
tr	NNS	""" Besides , we 're talking about billions of people here ."
tr	NN	Aside from his research , he felt an obligation to be available to students .
tr	NNS	"The loss of the Holey killed any chances of more money , sir "" "" Keep watching , Hunter out . """
tr	NNS	"We 've set up decoy facilities around the world ... hoping to distract them from the real one . """
tr	NN	"We set sail in an hour , so come and fill your bellies and prepare to get to work ! """
tr	NN	Jacques sees my potential and that I deserve to be paid my value .
tr	NN	I have also edited a free ebook version of Tennyson 's verse .
tr	NN	""" No , but I got the impression it was about our little mystery here . """
tr	NNS	His wife and her lawyer wanted six hundred dollars a month in child support .
tr	NN	I got the relevance , but really , the lyrics seemed more suited for a person like me than Jesse .
tr	NN	cried the witch , clasping the girl 's arm with her long boney fingers .
tr	NNS	And they would need servants who would have to be fed that cover story , and who would swallow it .
tr	NN	""" Almost five o ' clock . """
tr	NNS	He loosed off several shots .
tr	NNS	""" Then maybe I could make some sandwiches ? """
tr	NN	""" I have been analyzing the outer hull and it is made of an alloy that is foreign to our data base ."
tr	NNS	""" You have your own skills . """
tr	NN	He built a fortune and passed it to your father who built this business and the wealth that we have .
tr	NNS	She practiced her movements during the day but she needed to stretch her legs .
tr	NNS	Elissa noticed several rocking chairs at one end of the porch and walked down to them , stopping in awe as she looked up .
tr	NN	""" He 's leaving the Compound ?"
tr	NNS	"Now we can make six waffles at a time . """
tr	NNS	""" I accept your terms . """
tr	NN	Lee had an otherworldly physique , toughened beyond imagination by his savage trek .
tr	NN	And perhaps because it was so simple , it had only drawn a more stark comparison between Eveline 's beauty and the plainness of her apparel .
tr	NNS	At least if we catch a Ranger 's game , we can see the scores .
tr	NNS	I can almost hear the wheels turning in Jet 's head .
tr	NN	"We sent out that video like two hours ago . """
tr	NN	He was just finishing a yawn when he saw Haven .
tr	NNS	"I hate hospitals almost as much as I hate blood . """
tr	NNS	Eli and Tomlin had already engaged the attackers .
tr	NN	Woods pushed the swing with his feet so I curled mine back behind me and let him do the work .
tr	NN	I 'll get the needle directly that way .
tr	NNS	He put necessary inches between them .
tr	NN	"You take out an immortal because you 've fought them , used the old traditions , earned the right . """
tr	NN	He gave the volume control a sharp twist .
tr	NNS	Helen Rodin walked thirty yards and stood on the street for a moment outside James Barr 's house .
tr	NNS	She discovered his illegal activities , yet still couldn 't walk away .
tr	NNS	When he returned from the garage , she had closed the blinds and turned off all the lights , save the tree .
tr	NN	""" How cavalier , "" I heard my father tease ."
tr	NN	Robert made a rude gesture .
tr	NN	More , she had heard a rumor he had done the same with the prince of the Carpathians .
tr	NN	An individual looking at the large canvas resolves his own meaning and response .
tr	NNS	She didn 't pass any judgments on him at all .
tr	NN	""" Maybe she liked the old toy because it was yours . """
tr	NN	Our heated exchange was playing havoc with my hormones .
tr	NN	Jordan dropped the cattle brand and grabbed his gun , pointing it directly at Deborah .
tr	NN	She saw an implication in them .
tr	NN	He will stand trial for his crimes .
tr	NN	When do the gods reveal my fate ?
tr	NN	He gave my arm a squeeze .
tr	NNS	Its energy destroyed buildings , houses and took innocent lives .
tr	NN	She begged his advice .
tr	NNS	I need vessels that can hold 50 times that much .
tr	NN	The gray light from the windows got dimmer and dimmer and finally faded altogether .
tr	NNS	Later in the day , the teachers bring the students in groups of five to the gondola ride .
tr	NN	You want more proof of God ?
tr	NN	She had used her resemblance to his beloved to trick him , to try to murder him .
tr	NN	The scrap project , he quickly came to realize , had more potential than the management could have imagined .
tr	NNS	Sofie made arrangements for regular provisions .
tr	NN	"I can promise you privacy for three , so you better take advantage while you can . """
tr	NN	A chill of apprehension swept down Hannah 's spine at the distress in the sixteen-year-old 's voice .
tr	NN	At once he accepted all M 's faith in the girl 's story , however crazy it might be .
tr	NNS	You never disobeyed your tutors .
tr	NNS	"He has enough abandonment issues without her screwing with his head . """
tr	NN	If they were still a ragtag group -- we had no intelligence on them .
tr	NNS	She obviously had some issues when it came to her attractiveness and he 'd work on that as well , he decided as his eyes slipped closed .
tr	NN	""" I 'm not doing a second review ."
tr	NN	And Guy resisted the urge to argue that none of them had done what Don Jarrod wanted in life .
tr	NN	He wore his usual smirk , and his face told me that he knew I was caught .
tr	NN	The ladies group at church is having a special prayer meeting this morning to pray for your quick recovery .
tr	NN	Creepy chills slid up my spine .
tr	NNS	At first the Council proceeded much as had other meetings of the Enclave .
tr	NN	""" Then why does she want revenge against the Greek gods and not her own ? """
tr	NNS	You know , making people out of clay , old toenails , and so on ?
tr	NNS	"It 's not like her , "" Lil protested passionately ."
tr	NNS	Should you pass it , I will offer you all my most prostrate apologies and hope for your forgiveness .
tr	NNS	Nicole stares at me blankly for a moment and then an unguarded smile creases her face , tears shining in her eyes .
tr	NN	He had a belly that hung over his belt so far that he couldn 't see his own toes unless he had a mirror .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to follow .
tr	NNS	"They wouldn 't shoot down messengers from Fuchs . """
tr	NN	She pressed a fingertip against his chest .
tr	NNS	Slipping the top of her swimsuit down , he covered her bare breasts with his warm palms as he kissed her temple .
tr	NNS	I abandoned my attempts at surveillance and hurried to the restroom and back to the car in record time .
tr	NNS	He made hand signals to the rest that the trail led straight ahead .
tr	NN	I felt a little pang inside at the sight .
tr	NNS	' You already have connections .
tr	NNS	I had lifted the cans quickly that morning to see if any vestige of Pardon Albee 's last ride was visible on the cart .
tr	NN	"Just like the needle . """
tr	NNS	She could see the V-shaped fibers in his sweatshirt and that the drawstring for his hood was tipped with silvery metal .
tr	NN	""" The Party took possession of the resort some years past , long before the war ."
tr	NN	They don 't like the soap you 're using in their bathrooms .
tr	NNS	"They both wear their bites proudly , bragging to everyone how orgasmic it feels . """
tr	NN	He held up a clump of bamboo shoots between his chopsticks .
tr	NNS	""" I know some folks who would kill for a lot less ."
tr	NN	Mike was honking the horn of the car so they headed back , hand in hand and a silent bond between them .
tr	NNS	Claire and Connor each slam their trays down and display a look of annoyance .
tr	NN	Burnett leaned his butt back on Holiday 's desk and wiped a hand over his face .
tr	NNS	I don 't want my babies born in a flurry of political scandal and tabloid gossip .
tr	NNS	He made excellent points .
tr	NNS	Hank had had strong business ties with them .
tr	NNS	They didn 't have babies .
tr	NNS	Staying in all the best hotels .
tr	NNS	Unlike regular college games , the community college games didn 't net too many spectators .
tr	NN	Finally I heard a shout .
tr	NN	That brought a loud snort from me .
tr	NN	She unleashed the potential and possibilities which were already there within him and he valued it more than she could realize .
tr	NNS	Realizing that neither of us had any clothes on , we pulled the covers up .
tr	NNS	I 've taken so many shots that both batteries are low .
tr	NNS	I 'd seen wolves before out in the woods with my father , but never one like him .
tr	NN	Hugging her , she had her diminutive head resting against my heart .
tr	NN	I heard the snap of her fingers , and the next thing I knew , someone kicked my stomach .
tr	NNS	They both cried their hearts on the kitchen floor , Ted shaking his head .
tr	NN	She felt the familiar tendrils flow from her once more , but much stronger this time and extending in all directions .
tr	NN	In retaliation , I grab a handful of his fries and stuff them in my mouth .
tr	NNS	Brogan regarded his fingernails closely .
tr	NNS	"Gods can 't kill other gods . """
tr	NN	I didn 't really get Bo 's objection to Grace and me as a couple .
tr	NNS	But why would we want the whiskers to shimmer ?
tr	NNS	Joni lifted the covers and he slid in beside her .
tr	NNS	It has beautiful hardwood floors and tall Victorian windows which look upon The Isle and sea .
tr	NN	' We choose The Way so we may be Saved . '
tr	NNS	""" Mandy was taking drugs ? """
tr	NN	Casey wanted to hit him , then had the urge to hug him instead .
tr	NN	""" He gave a little opening speech . """
tr	NN	Then , facing south , she began the chant to wake the goddess up .
tr	NN	His fingers had felt a stairwell when his eyes had seen carpeted floor .
tr	NNS	Sarah loved foot rubs , the beach , and swimming .
tr	NNS	It even had crystal chandeliers above the table , and two silver candelabras on it that were made of real silver .
tr	NNS	""" Get all your misses out today ."
tr	NNS	Those words , after all , could justify our actions , but he said nothing , not even after he finished .
tr	NNS	Her family still had not fully decoded the recent changes and was reluctantly excepting the new reality of a different type of Thanksgiving .
tr	NN	The first bite almost made her vomit .
tr	NNS	I walked up four more floors , violent muscle spasms twisting my guts .
tr	NN	Liz lashed its other wing off , as it let out a shriek .
tr	NN	Fletcher respected my privacy that way , just as I respected his .
tr	NNS	You might have lost your abilities , but your connection to Josh survived .
tr	NN	Trick smiles and his eyes hold no humor , just dead blackness , like a shark 's .
tr	NN	A grey-haired man in a dark security guard uniform sprawled facedown on the landing in front of it .
tr	NN	Pictures of her body , stripped and violated , repeatedly , achieved a horrible clarity , and she tried to push them away .
tr	NN	Ashwin proved a better opponent than he 'd anticipated .
tr	NNS	The roll-up steel door in the opening was raised up just a few inches at the bottom .
tr	NN	Max typed a password into his laptop .
tr	NN	The electrical discharges suddenly increase and strike the dragon relentlessly causing flashes and loud thunderous cracks that reverberate around the surrounding buildings .
tr	NNS	""" Me too , "" he said fervently ."
tr	NNS	When Malcolm drops me back off in front of the house I hand him his goggles .
tr	NN	I feel an unexpected little zing in my stomach .
tr	NN	You could ride a motorcycle that you turned by rocking it from side to side .
tr	NN	The Guardian tapped the pilot on the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Davidoff finally left the poor sausages alone and stared across the water at Fury , the last ship to come out before the Leviathan class .
tr	NNS	Several of them held up food trays for protection .
tr	NN	It wouldn 't take such violation as a violation of the seventh law .
tr	NN	The wind filled the sail as soon as the tide lifted us off the sandbar .
tr	NN	He took a silver sphere of ultra violet light and slung the device against the ceiling .
tr	NNS	"Let 's go Jess ; we don 't want to miss any of the excitement . """
tr	NN	""" Between wisdom and loyalty , Choo , I pick loyalty and truth ."
tr	NNS	At the very center , the petals suddenly turned bright purple , forming a thin round border around five stamens tipped with yellow .
tr	NN	"Let 's get our football on . """
tr	NNS	""" Any conclusions ? """
tr	NNS	They found allies among the order and with their help they were able to overthrow many .
tr	NNS	Then I heard three consecutive knocks .
tr	NN	Aden looked Joe over , his expression remaining blank .
tr	NN	"Maybe we should all learn the lesson from her . """
tr	NNS	He was wearing blue boxer briefs , and I averted my eyes from the front of his shorts .
tr	NNS	Eve set the plates down quickly , fighting a building surge of humor .
tr	NNS	He was enjoying the samples and after stuffing a mini brownie into his mouth , he hugged his slender wife .
tr	NN	He has a certain reputation - a myth , you know - but he likes people to believe he is the bogeyman .
tr	NNS	Deni grasped the handlebars .
tr	NNS	Her mind made up , she shoved aside the covers .
tr	NNS	"The woman had good instincts . """
tr	NNS	They only had twelve points to go to tie it up .
tr	NNS	"I knew the dangers . """
tr	NN	"I may be signing my own death warrant but why the hell not . """
tr	NNS	He supposedly had all these untapped powers just waiting to be carefully unleashed .
tr	NN	"If you want a burger . """
tr	NN	It 's of me sneezing out a mouthful of mashed potatoes last year at Thanksgiving .
tr	NNS	Dobson examined his fingernails thoughtfully .
tr	NNS	Adam Kinkade dates models ... what does he see in you ... My hands began to shake .
tr	NNS	Earl Harald and his warriors ignored the garrison buildings .
tr	NN	Father raised his drinking horn .
tr	NNS	""" That 's enough soldier , I don 't want excuses . """
tr	NN	""" Please , I want your cock ."
tr	NNS	I remember your election campaigns .
tr	NNS	Quietly , he put his slippers on , then reached for the clothes hanging from a chair .
tr	NN	Caution and pride overrode impulse to take what she wanted without weighing the cost .
tr	NNS	And so He created companions who could .
tr	NNS	When he wasn 't grocery shopping or cooking dinner or washing dishes , he was writing briefs and researching cases .
tr	NNS	""" Well , we 've got seeds ."
tr	NN	I heard a gurgle from Mike .
tr	NN	You know the effect you have on people ! '
tr	NN	I gave his hand a squeeze and feigned a smile .
tr	NNS	' Did they eat pencils ?
tr	NN	The cowboy gave a non-committal shrug .
tr	NN	""" It does have all our main weaponry and tech . """
tr	NNS	She 'd already canceled her credit cards ; it was too late to save them .
tr	NNS	Grease stains covered the goblin 's overalls .
tr	NN	"Many of us found the content of your speech -- disturbing . """
tr	NNS	""" What about other crew members ? """
tr	NNS	Perhaps she should have taken more heed of that warning .
tr	NN	I adjust my backpack and bolt .
tr	NN	I move my body encouragingly , and my sex , wet and willing , rubs against the short silky hairs on his thighs .
tr	NNS	""" You say Closer and the first actor that comes to your mind is Jude Law ? """
tr	NNS	You proved yourselves to be quite resourceful .
tr	NNS	"She made two cups of coffee and handed one to Peter , who let out an "" Ah "" of pleasure ."
tr	NN	We cannot understand the underlying language of the Marks we have , and thus we cannot create new angelic Marks .
tr	NNS	She produced two identification cards and handed them to us .
tr	NN	I grasp the doorknob and turn , so slowly , not even realizing I 've lost invisibility until I see my feet crossing the threshold .
tr	NN	"More than I ever gave you credit for . """
tr	NN	Atop the ship , gleaming silver gun turrets formed a row of gun barrels , resembling a human spinal column .
tr	NN	Maybe he got some squirting lime juice in them .
tr	NN	""" Nurse , you have no objection to our verifying your observation scientifically ? """
tr	NNS	He flashed his fangs .
tr	NNS	The flashes of light and sound prompted only slight involuntary twitches .
tr	NNS	This rips several cables out of her metal body , her eyes widen and she releases a painful croak .
tr	NN	He admired and envied her lackadaisical demeanor , as though she had ridden a thousand buses just like this one and nothing could faze her .
tr	NNS	"You bear his twins . """
tr	NN	The man behind her took a rope out of his pocket and tied her hands behind her back .
tr	NN	As the words fell from her lips , she made a realization .
tr	NNS	And of course police have set up road blocks and searches on all routes out of Paris . '
tr	NNS	""" I love happy endings . """
tr	NNS	But that , she knew , would only ease the loneliness for a short time .
tr	NN	Callum still had his crude pistol , which still contained six bullets .
tr	NNS	That meant more lies and secrecy , and no possibility of real friends .
tr	NNS	Then again , it did have five thousand dollars to go with it .
tr	NN	A trickle of ice ran down Emelia 's spine .
tr	NN	Similarly , Karen Ross , despite her youthful cheerleader beauty and soft , seductive Texas accent , possessed great intelligence and a deep inner toughness .
tr	NN	""" I understand your intent , mon ami . """
tr	NN	Here I was , the Queen of the Iron Fey , passing out in my own hall .
tr	NNS	The same personalities no longer held surprises , pleasant or otherwise .
tr	NNS	Amanda and Cassidy would be sitting ducks for someone like the tiger Shifter in the basement .
tr	NNS	""" You read too many fairy tales , Mama . """
tr	NN	"We 'd get a different coloured flag at each point . """
tr	NN	She didn 't know the code to get down there , and they never let her down there alone .
tr	NNS	I know yer man 's drivin ' cattle and you 're alone .
tr	NNS	After getting his frustration out , he heard more and more students coming down the street .
tr	NN	"Well , keep a lid on it and don 't be snooping around without hearing from me , unless it is very important . """
tr	NNS	In the darkness I saw someone scurrying through the pantry with his back to me .
tr	NN	""" You mean counsel with regards the blue crystal ? """
tr	NN	The kettle is electric and I never ever use gas in the morning , forgetting doesn 't enter the equation .
tr	NN	I returned her glare as I gestured to the papers in my lap .
tr	NN	Without further explanation , I set the jar on the outside step between us , turning quickly to draw inside the house .
tr	NN	He almost replaced his battery , but looked at her first .
tr	NNS	I 'll make the arrangements to get us off this island as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	""" You 've got an attitude , lady . """
tr	NNS	Pain flashed up his thighs and into his hips .
tr	NN	The Associated Press also picked up the lead article , which was now circulating in every major and minor market in every newspaper across the country .
tr	NN	So he grabbed his dressing gown and went down to investigate .
tr	NN	Nobody in Medicine Rock had a grand piano .
tr	NNS	Maybe even use different cameras to film the first one and this one .
tr	NNS	""" You mean the recent reports from the paper ? """
tr	NNS	I wake up remembering fragments of dreams ; Mara bending to smell a flower , watching it die under her breath .
tr	NNS	""" Vincent and I have been learning some new skills . """
tr	NNS	Except this octopus had multiple layers of arms .
tr	NN	Half the guards didn 't even understand our language , were happy to believe it was just grunts and roars we screamed in our agony .
tr	NN	"The Chairman of the Legislature has his estate here and we will be passing it . """
tr	NN	It must have left a lingering effect that Warren can sense .
tr	NN	The floor was sealed cement .
tr	NNS	And just like it used to , it keeps the nightmares at bay .
tr	NN	""" They 've made a fatal error ."
tr	NN	He selected a vial of bubbling yellow liquid from the apex position of his chemistry set and carefully tipped it into the syringe .
tr	NN	""" You 're not trying your crap one liners out on her are you , mate ? """
tr	NN	Go away , you devil witch .
tr	NNS	Seconds later , I heard the movie clips from YouTube .
tr	NN	"String barbed wire between our yards ? """
tr	NNS	""" Eighth Fleet has lost nine ships ."
tr	NNS	""" So even the Devil desires good deeds ?"
tr	NNS	He 'd only stopped his actions because I 'd brought him with me to the Yew Land .
tr	NNS	We may have thinned his ranks , but the man is clever .
tr	NNS	His only change had been replacing the license plates .
tr	NNS	The middle of the highlights footage Kinzie took jump shots outside the paint .
tr	NNS	She held up the manila envelopes .
tr	NN	I tuck the infrared under my arm and bring my iPhone out of my jacket pocket , while reaching down for the flashlight in my boot .
tr	NNS	Excited , she removed more fragments until the pillowcase was empty .
tr	NN	Mom repeated the entire pathetic speech to him .
tr	NNS	Looking at him brings my worst fears into reality .
tr	NNS	"I have four centuries with you and more . """
tr	NNS	She fluttered her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	"Let 's check the other areas of the ship . """
tr	NNS	""" It has all sorts of uses . """
tr	NNS	"Along with immortality we were given special abilities . """
tr	NN	The agent gave him a quick thumbs-up and waved him away .
tr	NNS	He ventured a few yards the way the woman had come and took a leak in the middle of the yard .
tr	NNS	""" Let 's just say that I 'm pretty sure my mom prefers my sisters ."
tr	NN	I switched the blender on , and she looked up at me .
tr	NN	Magical teleportation caused a ripple in the surrounding world .
tr	NNS	VIN also loaded all the other samples he had brought in an empty food canister from the supply compartment .
tr	NNS	""" I infiltrated their offices ."
tr	NNS	I recalled the operations during the past few months .
tr	NNS	Ryan , Beth 's guy , has the balls to touch Noah .
tr	NN	Are you doing a fresh design ?
tr	NNS	Ricky was now tossing samples of covers for all kinds of portable electronic devices before the suits at the table .
tr	NNS	She counted the burst blood vessels in his cheeks and wondered if he intended to simply pretend she didn 't exist .
tr	NN	Now I share your fate .
tr	NNS	Well , right now I used those powers to look at Annabelle properly .
tr	NN	He returned the smirk and I wondered if I 'd really seen sadness in his eyes .
tr	NN	They 'd dangled it out there , a worm on a fishing line .
tr	NNS	He lovingly surveyed his surroundings , happily studying the stuffed animals and quilts draped over crude furniture , making sure everything sat correctly in place .
tr	NNS	You have minor burns over chest and neck , and I think scorched lungs .
tr	NN	He cast his sword carelessly to the side and the guards swarmed in around him to enact their revenge .
tr	NN	""" Then I 'll forgo the inheritance . """
tr	NN	The impact of his undiluted stare sent a quiver of awareness down her spine , a gush of longing through her veins .
tr	NN	The fence zombies already took away that option .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of one of the guard 's faces .
tr	NNS	On the alert now , he scanned the surrounding areas for signs of an enemy .
tr	NNS	My kidnapping was now ruining Cody 's chances with the woman of his dreams .
tr	NNS	How much warmer does it get ?
tr	NNS	Nevertheless Trudie 's American secondment sparked growing desires to throw everything in and fly stateside .
tr	NN	( Beware any warlock who claims that he will need your blood to complete his summoning ! )
tr	NNS	""" I fol owed your directions exactly ."
tr	NN	""" Every clock . """
tr	NNS	They had no mirrors here that I knew of but there was no doubt about it .
tr	NN	He laid a file down on the table and then he began to speak .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , we have other points of interest , so let 's take a look .
tr	NNS	He imagined generations of sailors looking up to it , comforted by its presence and its stability , always showing them the way home .
tr	NNS	Rush made the arrangements with a navy chaplain , and Jeff and Susan Dwyer stood up for them .
tr	NN	I 'm so sorry , ' she begged whilst hurrying into the house , running after a student that wasn 't even hers .
tr	NNS	The man knelt a few yards from Agamemnon , and Nestor felt his brows rise .
tr	NN	The upholstery smelled faintly of cigarette smoke , but I didn 't care .
tr	NN	I should 've brought hot chocolate and snacks .
tr	NNS	""" Animals have keener senses ."
tr	NN	I remember every single detail about that night .
tr	NN	He could see the bird perched inside , waiting to be released .
tr	NN	The screaming in the stadium had reached a crescendo now .
tr	NN	"We pretty much have proof that somebody somewhere , either on the ground or on the ships , is passing information to the pirates . """
tr	NNS	No man had ever left her breathless before .
tr	NN	""" Our blood and , ultimately , our bodies , welcome the soil ."
tr	NN	After a few minutes , Bobbie Sue tossed the magazine aside .
tr	NN	She knew the code which would call up the Scream Room holo .
tr	NN	He set down the file he 'd been labeling .
tr	NN	He displayed great affection towards Mrs. Bidwell , and he also apologized for his awkward attempts to watch Terrance 's back door , so to speak .
tr	NN	She twisted her hair around her hand , looked at it , then folded a large clip into her hand .
tr	NNS	She had rope burns .
tr	NNS	"We alerted the citizens , assembled a small force , and were in the process of tracking the invaders when they set upon you . """
tr	NN	""" Why are you bringing up this topic ? """
tr	NNS	We 're discussing Christmas arrangements here , not war .
tr	NN	I felt release as I fell to the ground .
tr	NN	She never gave me a fork so I tear off a piece of the crust and pop it in my mouth .
tr	NNS	"I pray something changes before then but whatever happens we will be ok . """
tr	NN	Nate held up the totem .
tr	NNS	Using his ability of astral projection Zane created two identical versions of himself , each one capable of fighting just as well as the original .
tr	NNS	Jax noticed grimaces on the face of many in the pack .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , they obeyed the command .
tr	NN	""" Oooh , all milk chocolate with nuts and caramels ."
tr	NNS	""" Monarchs and Popes have long had contentious relations with one another . """
tr	NN	He slid my pillow back under my head .
tr	NN	He caressed her thigh .
tr	NN	I -19 - badly needed a Plan -- Aunt Tabby was not going to get away with this .
tr	NNS	' Do see these gentlemen out , and ask Mr Pony to come in . '
tr	NNS	The dark mage lifted down an hourglass from the cluttered shelf .
tr	NN	My mother would love her grandchild and they would be able to remember me through that child .
tr	NNS	She 'd feel less awkward .
tr	NNS	Social media removed real connections and friendships and replaced them with ratings , whining rants , and new ways to bully people .
tr	NN	But I took my punishment and made the best of it .
tr	NN	""" From what I 've seen , she 's got a spine of steel . """
tr	NN	He needs the protection the community can provide .
tr	NNS	""" I forgot the condoms back in Phoenix . """
tr	NN	* * * As soon as she got home from school , Danni tossed her backpack and purse on the couch and headed into the kitchen .
tr	NNS	I 've discovered three versions of it , all with the same words , set to different tunes .
tr	NN	They had a farm in the countryside for a while , and the parents still lived there .
tr	NNS	Farther down Campbell Road , he passes the remains of the Richmond Printing Company .
tr	NN	He nodded and crossed the lab toward the extraordinary safe he 'd had developed specifically for the time device .
tr	NNS	But who charmed these folks .
tr	NNS	"We have connections . """
tr	NNS	He removed his fangs and took as much of her breast in his mouth as he could .
tr	NN	""" Addison , drop the garbage . """
tr	NNS	Though I think maybe I have more fundamental issues .
tr	NNS	Bicycling around the island , Fat Charlie soon discovered , had its dangers .
tr	NN	I had an impulse to link arms with her , and nearly did before something caught me and I thought better of it .
tr	NN	He , in turn , demanded partial custody of the girls .
tr	NNS	He was turned out - deposited solitary .
tr	NN	"If so , I 'll get the blender and milk ready , and we 'll serve cherry pie milkshakes instead . """
tr	NNS	The gangsters were tall and slim , I couldn 't see any curly knives but I could take that on trust .
tr	NNS	Alexei had an old compass he had swiped from the archives .
tr	NNS	The safe house kept changes of clothes for agents on the run .
tr	NN	Tears streaked mascara down her cheeks , and she begged for them to let her go .
tr	NN	"And now I have an ethnic cleansing , evil mastermind called the Muse brothers after me along with possible others interested in the magic . """
tr	NN	Colton quickly sized up the running policemen and picked the smaller of the two .
tr	NN	Biting my tongue , I held back a growl as he focused intently on me .
tr	NN	"Does your dad own a farm ? """
tr	NN	I didn 't need his pity , but I needed to act tough .
tr	NN	""" I appreciate the advice , James , but what I 'm concerned about most is creating a panic . """
tr	NNS	They all dropped their heavy packs in a ditch and covered them with snow .
tr	NNS	That means no interviews , no books , nothing .
tr	NN	He sees the realization in my face and nods , shortly .
tr	NNS	Maybe I did command the heavens accidentally last night .
tr	NNS	Fallon touched his ribs and winced .
tr	NNS	In the distance he could see the bank buildings of Georgetown .
tr	NN	She laid a circular tin on his chest .
tr	NNS	I even had the pages from her PDA filed in the safe .
tr	NN	He loved Gilligan 's Island .
tr	NN	""" Nope , she has a half finished painting of the Eiffel Tower in her apartment ."
tr	NNS	Her fresh , heart-shaped face might as well have home fires and bridge club tattooed across her forehead .
tr	NN	With a quick jerk of his knife he popped the lid off and handed the bottle back to Tom .
tr	NN	She replaced the cap on the vial and returned it to the drawer .
tr	NNS	He left the gargoyles and started yet another journey that would surely bring him closer to the girl .
tr	NNS	They took up positions in front of it , swords drawn , and faced the mob , whose mood had reached the boiling point .
tr	NN	When I get home , I 'll file the article alongside my other dreams , alphabetically .
tr	NNS	Reached for switches and buttons , exchanged hand signals with the crew chief as he tested each system .
tr	NN	I did my best perky and carefree impression .
tr	NN	Toren kissed her deeper , his tongue greedy as if needing to taste more of her .
tr	NNS	We are still working the bugs out of the game and sincerely want no untoward experiences to happen in the future .
tr	NN	"Our regulars love every item . """
tr	NNS	""" Thank heavens , that at least is one small mercy ."
tr	NNS	She had errands to run before David 's arrival .
tr	NNS	And keep your suits on .
tr	NNS	She passed around some figures she 'd worked out over the past two days , many muttering with concern at what they saw .
tr	NN	""" Then don 't take his advice . """
tr	NNS	Then I had no more excuses left so I quit stalling , went downstairs and sat down in front of the apparatus .
tr	NN	Haven caught a glimpse of Tess and Dia , but the family stood in the front and remained mostly blocked .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths .
tr	NN	I never missed a therapy appointment .
tr	NNS	Besides requiring a more detailed statement , they had taken my fingerprints -- for elimination purposes , they 'd said .
tr	NNS	The intoxicating scent of peaches filled his senses .
tr	NN	They ran another block along the road and turned down an alley into a warren of small shops .
tr	NNS	New , state-of-the-art snow boards cost big bucks , along with all the clothing to go with it .
tr	NN	They had teleportation technology , enabling them to come and go from the cargo ship as they pleased .
tr	NNS	I also brought a few packs of real coffee .
tr	NN	He rubbed his beard and shook his head .
tr	NNS	"I 've put his claims out of my mind . """
tr	NNS	Some people grabbed small items , mementos of a time gone .
tr	NN	I asked and sipped my very yummy apple martini .
tr	NN	""" Oh my god . """
tr	NN	""" The words don 't do justice to what I feel for her . """
tr	NNS	""" No , Mr Cloud , he did not change his politics . """
tr	NN	And here I was holding a duck to her back .
tr	NNS	The damage to his skin probably hid many other such marks of pestilence .
tr	NN	All of you have already seen the transport functioning , so you will not miss much .
tr	NNS	' Then you must increase your measures .
tr	NNS	Edward shifted a few inches to the side , and Riley automatically compensated with an adjustment of his own .
tr	NN	"Once I was pretty , like my Kata . """
tr	NN	""" I have a responsibility to protect humans every minute of every day , but I don 't think you 're a demon or a monster ."
tr	NNS	We follow her a few more blocks and turn through a gate into what looks like a private residence .
tr	NNS	Being so close , the raw magnetism he exuded jumbled my senses and made my pulse erratic .
tr	NNS	""" We don 't need allies ."
tr	NNS	Vivian curled her fingernails into her palms .
tr	NNS	She could have parlayed her connections into a position of power , but she hadn 't .
tr	NNS	"Human Resources kills two birds . """
tr	NN	On the third grab to the right , I slid the trap under his paw .
tr	NNS	""" When they went down for breakfast I installed the cameras and made sure they were all up and running . """
tr	NNS	The map also identifies areas I consider too close to civilization for opening the chest .
tr	NNS	"They have millions and they keep to themselves . """
tr	NNS	The orange cat-like eyes had eyelashes and eyebrows of long , sweeping yellow grasses .
tr	NN	Finally , I have in most cases added location and date headings in boldface whenever there is a change of scene within the book .
tr	NNS	We 're talking the usual corporate politics .
tr	NNS	These two definitely have in-law issues .
tr	NN	I rub her cl * t and her legs start to shake .
tr	NN	Remembered that tomorrow evening we have the revenge of the tournament of vials .
tr	NNS	I had visions of Dee emerging from the bedroom in a flowing Kaftan with a beaded headband holding her auburn locks in place .
tr	NNS	I felt like a swimmer navigating murky waters , the pictures around me too hazy to see clearly .
tr	NN	It could be considered his hobby .
tr	NNS	First the clothing , then his attempts at soothing her fears , and now this dream studio .
tr	NN	Terri 's quick report on Nadia had revealed a dedication to her job and to raising money for an assortment of charities .
tr	NN	But Wil hesitated , another lesson of the road .
tr	NN	Kali 's eyes widened in confusion and then dread .
tr	NN	For a while after it hit , I heard an occasional moan coming from nearby piles of wood and rock .
tr	NNS	He inspects his fingernails .
tr	NNS	"The stories in the newspaper will bring you great PR , and you 're just the afterthought of the news piece . """
tr	NN	""" So we need a jar that size , and we need to fill it with jelly beans and then count them ."
tr	NNS	Argon stepped forward , so close , inches away ; the intensity of his eyes burned bright in this dim place , and it frightened Thor .
tr	NNS	His hands run up my thighs and then under the sides of my underwear , and I know he must be kneeling in front of me .
tr	NNS	Both will make fine meals .
tr	NN	He didn 't try to save me , he just pointed out my potential and laid out the roadmap .
tr	NN	""" You 've received my dossier ? """
tr	NN	"The motel room gave the word "" common "" a whole new meaning ."
tr	NN	And Grant , he who could play the fiddle and the concertina , and I can 't make myself believe those fingers will move no more .
tr	NN	"I 've respected her privacy regarding that letter , but now I think it 's best if I read it . """
tr	NN	The voice was pitched low , the dialect and accent eerily similar to Jacques ' .
tr	NN	Stupid teenage boy syndrome .
tr	NNS	""" I 'm not using drugs ? """
tr	NNS	Greg searched his pockets .
tr	NNS	I have no clients of my own .
tr	NNS	I threw the covers back and grabbed my robe on the way out of my room .
tr	NNS	Taking each bottle out of the cabinet one at a time , he read the labels by the tiny power light on his toothbrush .
tr	NNS	He sent out advance elements a few days ago , and he left Maga Renn with the bulk of his army just yesterday .
tr	NN	"I don 't see any impossibility . """
tr	NN	Pia felt a sensation like emotional vertigo .
tr	NN	""" Good , "" I said , "" We can replenish our water supply . """
tr	NNS	The Dean reported her actions to the Council , and she was forced to declare Dark .
tr	NNS	He heard her prayers .
tr	NNS	Whoever had said one could drown in another 's eyes must have been describing Prince Durante 's endless azure seas and the submersion of their focus .
tr	NNS	The tips of their exploring tentacles shattered their victims with the slightest touch .
tr	NNS	She had fangs of her own .
tr	NNS	That probably put the temporary blocks on his take-over bid .
tr	NNS	But his master didn 't hear his attempts to establish respect for her .
tr	NN	""" So they 're opening the Portal back up to bring everyone through ?"
tr	NNS	I heard someone yell .
tr	NN	I set my fork down and look down to my lap .
tr	NN	""" All of you have seen my painting ' Fear To Live For ' right ? """
tr	NN	We have begun our descent so please keep your seat belts fastened .
tr	NNS	That Warner can so easily project his powers .
tr	NNS	This one had runners instead of wheels .
tr	NNS	William hit two birds with one stone .
tr	NN	Their heads sweep toward mine , but Cassandra puts her hand up to stop Amanda from responding .
tr	NNS	He retrieved their coats and then pulled a couple of his thick scarves from the closet .
tr	NN	My apparent willingness to fight him had the desired effect .
tr	NN	Sure she had a scholarship , sure her future was set , but it felt like she 'd won it at too great a cost .
tr	NNS	Some even had their mouths open in awe .
tr	NNS	"All my vehicles are out delivering supplies , but they should return by the morning . """
tr	NNS	""" Did you check your pockets ? """
tr	NNS	""" You 're simply making excuses because you desire the crown for yourself . """
tr	NN	She checked off Ella 's appointment on her calendar and told us to have a seat .
tr	NNS	In her early years at the TV station , she 'd taken night classes in elocution , learning to keep her voice even and moderated .
tr	NNS	I had some conferences with a professional historian .
tr	NNS	""" No , Lily , I 've never had nightmares like this before in my life . """
tr	NNS	""" We don 't have any other leads to go on . """
tr	NN	I stifle my smirk .
tr	NNS	"I think the chances of you being ready by the time I get up there are pretty good . """
tr	NN	Lee assessed Jill 's uniform in a dismissive up-and-down sweep .
tr	NN	"You 've got the body for it , "" he said self-consciously ."
tr	NN	""" Maybe not , "" he conceded , "" but I take responsibility for what happens under my command . """
tr	NNS	He licked back his whiskers at the thought and felt very masculine .
tr	NN	This made Mrs. K 's hope blossom as she knew Douglas Ashton always won , no matter what he attempted .
tr	NNS	He scanned his surroundings for the creature she had summoned .
tr	NNS	They treat rural areas as a kind of training area .
tr	NN	"Don 't feel bad , "" he added , "" you can 't even see that skylight unless you know it 's there . """
tr	NNS	You would pay twenty dollars to enter a guess at how many buttons filled the jar .
tr	NNS	Typical Maine tourist trinkets adorned shelves and tabletops .
tr	NNS	"I lost two sons that day , and I 'm so sorry , Jimmy . """
tr	NNS	Clarice had booked many trips through that agency over the years , and in the process , she and Sandra Perkins had become fast friends .
tr	NNS	""" We needed to stop the killer from taking more innocent lives , "" Jennifer said passionately ."
tr	NNS	As they visit with Nicholas and Kayla , Andrew makes arrangements for us to travel in a private jet .
tr	NNS	I gather up the items and step behind a thick , dark-blue curtain which hangs across the back corner .
tr	NNS	""" Stop sending doubts into my mind ."
tr	NNS	"I 've made arrangements . """
tr	NN	I said hey , and he asked if I 'd gotten any card packs lately , and I said I hadn 't .
tr	NN	""" I 've got a topic for you . """
tr	NN	I still hold the bagel and it becomes that obvious thing in my hand that I don 't know what to do with .
tr	NNS	Eugenia 's voice sounded breathless .
tr	NN	""" I will say a special prayer to my god for your eyesight . """
tr	NN	Most likely people are taking pity on her and bringing the strays to her brother , instead .
tr	NN	I ordered my burger and the girls ' chicken before Jaden ordered his .
tr	NNS	Dale rubbed his palms on his jeans .
tr	NN	"I need a wrench . """
tr	NN	I entered the stall and pulled back the top of the toilet .
tr	NN	The dog relinquished the bouquet as she was tackled and started yapping again .
tr	NN	"This does present an interesting possibility , though . """
tr	NNS	The older I got , the more I hated these arguments , because I lost every one of them .
tr	NN	He didn 't need any proof .
tr	NN	Her meddling had the potential to make everything worse , despite her obviously good intentions .
tr	NN	Thus , he followed the scientist .
tr	NN	Let the ache and the missing come in and spirit him away into a deep depression ?
tr	NN	"Your clan will be checking out our merchandise in the morning , right ? """
tr	NNS	Like a dream Abby only remembered fragments of what had happened next .
tr	NN	Day held out the vest .
tr	NNS	Saw knots of strange young people heading for clubs .
tr	NN	Matt took the cast iron skillet and poured in oil .
tr	NNS	If there had been railings nearby , she 'd have clicked her blades along them as she approached , just to scare him more .
tr	NNS	Sara rubbed her temples to ease the ache in her head .
tr	NN	She lay facedown on the pillow , her snore like a saw going at aged oak even through three inches of cotton .
tr	NNS	He 'd done two tours in Iraq , and with each return , Ed said he saw less of the boy he 'd raised .
tr	NNS	You don 't make excuses for his inability to pay attention .
tr	NN	By the time I was buttoning my blouse the office was bright and airy and you could almost believe nothing had happened here .
tr	NN	He turned the steed , and in a moment he was riding back out through the main gates .
tr	NNS	""" Andrew , "" Steve pulled him aside , "" Samantha and I have some errands to run ."
tr	NNS	Vel mentioned scout ships , but unless we power up some impressive machinery , they 're not going to notice us .
tr	NNS	"I read the lyrics and looked at the musical notes . """
tr	NN	But the necklace will also record the encounter , imprinting it forever .
tr	NN	Though I don 't think the Mayans ever predicated skull slurping .
tr	NN	Ben leaned his backside against the counter and thanked her gruffly .
tr	NN	It sets a bad precedent .
tr	NNS	""" I never tell lies , Ant . """
tr	NN	The sound of falling water grew fainter , replaced by the heavy thump of his own heartbeat , struggling against the pressure on his chest .
tr	NN	Outside the gate , Sunday formed a tower of five pebbles .
tr	NN	Just moving her head made everything spin .
tr	NNS	The place had shelves and bookcases filled with books , many of them for children .
tr	NN	"You did find that would-be assassin while the rest of us were looking in the wrong place . """
tr	NNS	""" Holy cow balls !"
tr	NN	She 'd probably have left Little Spirit for a week or two but had worked late on Monday and The Electric Ballroom lay on her path home .
tr	NN	But Saint George had a much worse effect on her .
tr	NN	She hopped away from the silver and wiped her hand up and down her apron .
tr	NN	The meds nuke my talent .
tr	NNS	He had already written the specific directions for the ransom .
tr	NNS	A long , terrible silence filled the emptiness his shout left behind .
tr	NNS	""" Keep it down Paul , I 've got your coffees . """
tr	NNS	Our office space spans several floors of the John Hancock Building so tracking me down would be near impossible .
tr	NN	She stripped her yellow linen vest off and pulled the sweat soaked blouse away from her skin then frowned at him .
tr	NNS	Lindy flew over the treetops , still pointing down at the Hermit as she had while over the water .
tr	NN	But he fought back the hunger , even with the smell of blood all around him .
tr	NN	Chapter Forty-two Kylie saw her mom flinch .
tr	NN	Kaitlyn sensed cold hunger .
tr	NNS	Not allowed its due as one of the great twentieth century inventions .
tr	NN	' You have fake ID that makes you younger ? '
tr	NNS	""" What if she doesn 't make her payments ? """
tr	NN	""" Mason , as you know and as we have discussed at length , you have an extremely addictive personality ."
tr	NNS	"I 'll pluck your eyeballs . """
tr	NNS	""" I 'll make some sandwiches . """
tr	NNS	""" At least I recognize my shortcomings ."
tr	NNS	"I traded three coins for a week in this thing . """
tr	NN	His father had included a special prayer for Violet 's safe return when they asked for the Lord 's blessing on their meal .
tr	NN	He pinned the tentacle in the partially closed hatch , but the tentacle didn 't withdraw .
tr	NN	Had they stepped a toe across the gate entrance while they held both sides of the gate open ?
tr	NNS	The house was no longer giving off empty vibes .
tr	NNS	The aristocracy 's got their talons in deep there .
tr	NNS	Referee Aaron Grant squatted in front of Goliath , their faces inches apart .
tr	NNS	He opened the pages of the book with care and skimmed the words .
tr	NNS	""" You moved some mirrors around . """
tr	NNS	The puddles caused huge splashes as we went .
tr	NNS	A few other civilians had items hidden in their hands .
tr	NNS	They wore sandals on bare feet and clothes that hung like seaweed .
tr	NN	For these , Talon had respect .
tr	NNS	""" We can 't have pets . """
tr	NNS	She puts the palms of her hands on my chest and gently guides me back into the wooden chair .
tr	NN	It has a red leather covering and gold edging around the thin pages .
tr	NNS	"Denise is paying me twelve hundred dollars and I 've earned less than half of it . """
tr	NNS	Even as these thoughts crossed my mind , I felt some fears rising up .
tr	NN	Until Aden had taken the crown .
tr	NN	He gave a shrug of his wide shoulders .
tr	NNS	She makes the best sweet pies .
tr	NNS	Zack rarely played cards .
tr	NNS	""" It 's not always this busy , but due to certain recent events , we 're doubling our defenses ."
tr	NNS	""" Our unique blood resists mortal diseases ."
tr	NN	Emeline felt Samuel 's arm stiffen under her fingers , but he didn 't say anything .
tr	NN	I could make out just the barest scruff along his jaw line , not enough to hide the way his neck muscles moved when he swallowed nervously .
tr	NN	""" And when he walked into Santo 's , my fingers got all tingly ."
tr	NN	He watched her climb out of her silver Mercedes convertible .
tr	NN	"I 'd take a repeat of last night right here if you 'd let me . """
tr	NNS	She wears a yellow sundress embroidered with white daisies .
tr	NNS	I took a few bites of my fish , glancing around the restaurant .
tr	NN	Rachel fought the frog in her throat .
tr	NNS	""" And it only affects the travelers when we first establish the markers ? """
tr	NNS	She noted the wiggling parasites that were always present in her bloodstream , familiar to her , but somehow abhorrent .
tr	NNS	""" Cost you fifty bucks to find out . """
tr	NN	Gumshoe noted the observation on his tablet .
tr	NN	""" Then you should relish my proposal , Bum . """
tr	NNS	"Tell them when they let Thalia live , they entered our hearts . """
tr	NNS	The city has seen other lost travelers like her , seeking safe passage from one end of its labyrinth to the other .
tr	NNS	Michael tracked Dean 's movements , then glanced back at me .
tr	NN	He didn 't rub his temple along hers .
tr	NNS	The Enemy was using Third Degree methods .
tr	NN	""" You knew the password ? """
tr	NN	Melody flashed a glare at Joe that could have melted glass and tried to yell something through the duct tape that covered her mouth .
tr	NNS	Time to do some chores , then off to pick up the children .
tr	NN	"We found the dossier . """
tr	NNS	""" How many high schools put freshmen 's lockers next to seniors ' ? """
tr	NNS	He pointed out several varieties of finches , barely distinguishable to Janet 's untrained eye .
tr	NNS	But my looking like Little Orphan Sophie wasn 't what had my powers going nuts .
tr	NNS	Mateo had enough burdens to bear ; did he have to deal with this , too ?
tr	NNS	We can stop the leaks and then switch back once we 've patched the hull .
tr	NN	But we have the technology .
tr	NN	""" Save the sermon , Reverend Underhill ."
tr	NN	""" Like the pub . """
tr	NNS	To see the tall buildings and only feel a deep longing for the stars .
tr	NN	Every muscle in my body winds tight like a knotted rope .
tr	NN	Quickly looked away and bit my finger , then took a quick peek again .
tr	NNS	The naturalists were reintroducing wolves to the park , weren 't they ?
tr	NNS	He arranged some paper plates and plastic cups on the table , along with plastic knives and forks .
tr	NN	Davidson pitched a marker at Ethan .
tr	NNS	You can 't trust these folks .
tr	NN	She recognized the suffocating sensation from the kitchen and began to panic at the lack of oxygen .
tr	NNS	I defeated the gods ! '
tr	NN	""" I can still feel the fire element ."
tr	NN	""" Sure I know that loser ."
tr	NN	A sailor muttered a profane prayer .
tr	NN	We could get an excellent grade without a doubt .
tr	NN	He would have found poetry to be pretentious and confusing .
tr	NN	But he had another agenda .
tr	NNS	Clearly , he didn 't like jokes unless he was the one making them .
tr	NN	""" Her eyes followed the bubble when you were casting the last transportation spell . """
tr	NN	Using the latest technology .
tr	NN	He picked up a fork .
tr	NN	That he made a two hundred drachma leap told me he had no faith in the outcome .
tr	NNS	""" I can see the changes in her and know she is feeling confused and guilty , what if this is too much for her ."
tr	NNS	' All right ... but you don 't have any objections to hurting me on occasion . '
tr	NNS	""" You know explosives , drugs ... "" "" Can she detect Liquid Light ? """
tr	NNS	""" Harmony , I 'm wearing black slacks and a blue button up ."
tr	NN	His features now a steely resolve .
tr	NN	Jake quit pacing and was watching her intently .
tr	NN	Daniel had no option .
tr	NNS	It tears down ceiling tiles .
tr	NNS	As he chewed , he patted the mattress beside him .
tr	NN	Did I just have a breakdown ?
tr	NN	As he did so , he murmured a command , gently pushing her toward sleep .
tr	NN	He pointed the pistol at her face .
tr	NN	She raised her rifle while still moving .
tr	NN	""" Because we do , "" he whispered , he moved a strand of hair off her cheek ."
tr	NN	I don 't want a gambler or womanizer .
tr	NNS	""" I have no fangs . """
tr	NNS	""" I 'll need directions . """
tr	NNS	At bedtime they turn the lamps to near darkness and activate safety lights in each space .
tr	NN	""" I have an appointment ."
tr	NNS	""" Do you remember the forms we signed several months ago ?"
tr	NN	""" I don 't need saving , Ian . """
tr	NN	I haven 't touched a football since the day my mom died .
tr	NN	I find a dry branch twig then light the match .
tr	NN	I can remember one incident that occurred just a few weeks before the outbreak .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , just as I was about to take the packet from her grip , she tossed the biscuits over my head and into the trash .
tr	NNS	The sturdy pickup , usually so reliable despite its high mileage , made some unfamiliar noises as she drove along the dark , deserted side road .
tr	NN	"At least you 're not wearing a towel with a hole cut in the center and no sides ! """
tr	NNS	I don 't like snakes .
tr	NN	I just got a deadline of tomorrow or no book .
tr	NNS	They could hear noises from upstairs . '
tr	NNS	"We never did drugs . """
tr	NNS	"He hated taxis , litter and what he called the "" texting assholes "" on the streets ."
tr	NNS	My breathing turned shallow .
tr	NNS	"But ... through successful breeding , we 'll get the numbers we need . """
tr	NNS	He found your sisters , so I told him to stay close .
tr	NNS	"They are known terrorists and will be punished within the full letter of the law . """
tr	NNS	She ran her palms along his chest , and his muscles tingled under her touch .
tr	NN	""" I can 't thank you enough for this , "" he said , his sincerity painful and unwelcome ."
tr	NN	Having sex with Ryan didn 't fill her instantaneously with the love she thought she 'd feel .
tr	NN	Looking round Christine saw a sleepy trucker in a Broncos cap .
tr	NN	To take possession of me .
tr	NN	He bit back a growl .
tr	NNS	"We 've had reports of stolen credit card numbers . """
tr	NN	Then we can pick a more specific location .
tr	NNS	""" He gave me back all the honors that come to me from my estates ."
tr	NN	"I need ice cream . """
tr	NNS	So I took drastic measures and decided to walk in my mother 's footsteps for a night .
tr	NN	When James left the bathroom , the clerk was reading a magazine and did not look up until the bell chimed again .
tr	NNS	They swapped conspiratorial grins .
tr	NN	Sally felt his sudden joy as they began to speak .
tr	NNS	Not to mention the Crows who kept track of who came and went .
tr	NNS	I gathered my wits .
tr	NNS	Replacing the glass would cost a couple hundred dollars that I didn 't have .
tr	NN	She could still see the reddish brown gleam of her shiny coat .
tr	NNS	She put her supplies away and grabbed a tiny , round rod .
tr	NN	( ' Have you tried this treatment for female baldness ?
tr	NN	His lips spread in satisfaction , his pose grew more languid , a conqueror certain of his victory , indulgent in his triumph .
tr	NN	"I 'll call and make an appointment for you to see him this afternoon . """
tr	NN	""" When I 'm with you I don 't miss football ."
tr	NNS	The nurse placed the envelopes on the small table and left .
tr	NN	He never forgot protection .
tr	NNS	Here and there , the barren earth displayed layers of exposed minerals , telling an intriguing story of tectonic history .
tr	NNS	The owner of any Product Identity used in Open Game Content shall retain all rights , title and interest in and to that Product Identity .
tr	NN	Brett grabbed the shovel from the truck bed and they walked to the tall oak tree .
tr	NN	""" I beg your pardon ? """
tr	NN	Firefighters raced down the pier to greet the inferno .
tr	NN	Then I laughed and grabbed a napkin and wiped it across my mouth as I spun my stool toward him .
tr	NN	She picked up a fork , stared at the food for a moment , then shook her head in despair .
tr	NNS	David handed Sarah the reins of the big bay named Dan .
tr	NN	She quickly engaged the other laser who made quick work of the rest of the debris and bad cell that resulted from this destruction .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of my mother and saw tears in her eyes .
tr	NNS	I was losing little bits of time .
tr	NNS	The mooks fired a few shots , but of course were unable to hit the men .
tr	NN	Walking , her hands grazed a sloping branch as she started to slip into a memory .
tr	NN	I grab my baseball bat from the floor and stare into the lifeless face of the oncoming walker .
tr	NNS	Hugo offered apologies with shuffles of his body , smiling all the time as though it was a future anecdote they 'd share .
tr	NNS	You are walking targets for men to take advantage of .
tr	NNS	He was shooting daggers at his brother while fixing me with nothing but charm and smiles . '
tr	NN	I easily returned his serve and positioned myself in the center of the court .
tr	NN	They were searching the wagon with bayonets .
tr	NNS	Chad changed directions and ran toward the front door .
tr	NNS	I have two board members in my office that my mother contacted about some things she knows nothing about .
tr	NN	""" So now we 're talking police corruption on top of everything else ? """
tr	NNS	In addition to this , he had slick black slacks with shoes to match .
tr	NN	Gripping her wrist , he procured the dagger from Zeal 's grip then flung her over his shoulder and slammed her to the ground .
tr	NN	The Death of Rats grabbed a wing and pulled .
tr	NNS	When she didn 't move , he positioned his palms , one over the other , on her heart and locked his elbows .
tr	NN	Many never find their self-control again as you did .
tr	NNS	God didn 't want the prideful peasants ruining His order .
tr	NNS	But they aren 't giving up their rights as foster parents or their adoption desires .
tr	NNS	I had a thousand bucks in my wallet , wherever it happens to be now .
tr	NNS	""" Your wife is having contractions one on top of the other . """
tr	NN	""" Kids have the worst timing . """
tr	NN	Chad asked , startling Bree out of her thoughts .
tr	NN	She shaved off your moustache and did a little hair trimming and colouring as well .
tr	NN	""" What priority should I assign to this ? """
tr	NN	""" Anyway , they 're not seeing anybody ."
tr	NNS	Steven slammed his palms on the table .
tr	NN	Raising her hand , he kissed her knuckles , then let her go .
tr	NNS	He recognised at least five other delegates drinking in their lunch hour .
tr	NN	A chill raced up his spine as he imagined the scene .
tr	NN	Emily put down her basketball and joined her mother on the sofa .
tr	NN	""" We have a farm in North Carolina that I 'm going to turn into a civilian air force base ."
tr	NN	Christine shifted her weight uncomfortably under the woman 's gaze , praying fervently that the ballet mistress would believe her .
tr	NNS	She covered her breasts and started to grab the cover underneath her in attempt to hide but Knox moved over her , blocking most of her body .
tr	NNS	"All I can do is save my dollars and cents for when he takes me back to court . """
tr	NNS	His fingertips graze my breasts and he pinches my nipple .
tr	NNS	"Yet here I am , running errands and being treated like I 'm newly hatched . """
tr	NNS	The police later identified the two victims .
tr	NN	She rubbed the soft sensitive crown and he groaned heavily .
tr	NNS	She saw the figures emerging from the cave before they stepped into the moonlight .
tr	NN	I 'll even put the autopilot on altitude hold for you .
tr	NNS	She ignored my attempts to slap at her hand while she forced my eyelid closed with her makeup brush .
tr	NNS	""" I can 't make jokes about this , Gideon ."
tr	NNS	We had many arguments about it but she wouldn 't listen .
tr	NNS	"She pointed her thumbs at her chest , "" Control freak perfectionist ."
tr	NNS	Fear suddenly flooded her senses .
tr	NNS	I have skills , Tim , and experience .
tr	NN	""" Handle this coffin with care guys ."
tr	NNS	I heard gun shots but it came from behind .
tr	NN	Abby was teaching six courses this semester , and Harrison spent his weekdays in D.C. taking care of the president 's medical needs .
tr	NNS	He remembered the poll numbers for Governor Bell that consistently hovered around 30 % .
tr	NN	She parked her rental behind his white Range Rover and took a deep breath before getting out .
tr	NNS	Lots of dark and heavy wood , velvet lined chairs , and Persian rugs on the floors .
tr	NN	I touched the quilt you had wrought for her .
tr	NN	I prepared a baked potato and vegetables when I got home , but I hardly tasted the meal .
tr	NN	She had her wispy silk gown half off before she realized he was still watching her , but it was too dark to see much .
tr	NN	She pulled the towel off the rack and wiped her eyes .
tr	NN	She understood Brimstone 's fury now .
tr	NN	He opened a drawer and withdrew two sheets of A4 paper .
tr	NNS	""" There are mitigating circumstances , subsequent to your fraud offense , that should be weighed , specifically your actions on the Jacob Watson case ."
tr	NNS	We found some tracks , though .
tr	NNS	Therefore they could not tell the doctors what was going on , because they themselves did not know how to explain there memories of the past centuries .
tr	NNS	Vane held his palms up , defensive .
tr	NN	The old men gathered their possession and exited the train .
tr	NN	Fin finished his ale .
tr	NN	The warden repeated his command .
tr	NN	She can 't even handle a simple gesture like flowers from us .
tr	NN	""" Looks like neither of us gives ourselves enough credit . """
tr	NNS	I had my doubts about that , but I kept them to myself .
tr	NN	Cowboy slowed his chase , and I , too , slowed my pursuit .
tr	NN	""" I violated your privacy ."
tr	NNS	We attributed the nightmares to some quake of his talent that radiated outward .
tr	NNS	"Your dad 's up with the big guy in the sky , probably robbing the heavenly treasure stores and having the time of his life . """
tr	NN	Max let out a harsh groan and sagged almost completely to the ground , and Tavi was abruptly free of the stone .
tr	NN	He turned off the pager and went back to eating .
tr	NNS	""" Oh gods . """
tr	NN	It had his style or lack thereof .
tr	NNS	Ahead , as far as they knew , lay calmer waters .
tr	NN	Kind of like a TV show pilot .
tr	NN	I gave the phone a quick glare , wincing .
tr	NN	She already had a buyer for this particular item , so waiting wasn 't an option .
tr	NN	She quickly changed the topic .
tr	NN	""" Run that recording of the door opening again . """
tr	NN	He was dragging the soil to one end of the coffin with the head of his shovel , exposing the wooden top .
tr	NNS	He was putting away dishes and utensils when he realized it was laundry day again .
tr	NN	The sound may reach the fish , but he certainly attaches no significance to it .
tr	NN	As if he had planned it , the zombies went after Caitlin and not him , thank god .
tr	NNS	Most people had ulterior motives or selfish agendas , and Thalia was probably one of them .
tr	NNS	I took huge gulps of the night air .
tr	NN	A cold wind swept down my spine .
tr	NNS	When we 're done , I clean up the plates , Harlin watching me silently .
tr	NNS	I opened my senses , and I could feel the hum of magic all around me .
tr	NNS	Beneath his feet he could feel the uneven bricks of a courtyard .
tr	NN	I didn 't learn my lesson .
tr	NNS	"I lack a few skills , but I 'm learning every day . """
tr	NN	And there went my resolve to strengthen one of the walls I had built around myself .
tr	NNS	""" Demons find demon blood soothing ?"
tr	NNS	It echoed around the dark pillars and arches , and was suddenly cut off .
tr	NN	He was reading the menu , no doubt criticizing it to no end , and didn 't notice us until we were practically on top of him .
tr	NNS	""" And this place is giving me the creeps . """
tr	NNS	Whose interests did they represent ?
tr	NNS	They turned and saw two well-dressed gentlemen standing behind them .
tr	NN	Chapter Eighteen Paris felt her body tense as he reached for her .
tr	NN	He bent at the waist , hovering over me , his mouth brushed my earlobe .
tr	NN	I twist the cap off and hand it to him , and he sits up long enough to gulp a few mouthfuls before lying back down .
tr	NN	"He gave us the coordinates : we 've got to try . """
tr	NN	Just as he started pulling a leg out of his pants , a horrifying scream broke the tranquility of the sleeping room .
tr	NN	Then he shrugged and picked up his own fork .
tr	NN	It couldn 't soothe the ache in his chest , though .
tr	NNS	He opened his senses , taking in the unseen energy of the desert .
tr	NN	"I missed the appointment with my lord . """
tr	NNS	She took ten thousand dollars your father had in his office , and disappeared .
tr	NN	Ryan 's revelation stunned the crap out of her .
tr	NN	There was , however , little gain to be had in arguing with her .
tr	NN	For some reason he didn 't tell the bartender he was the kid in the photo .
tr	NNS	Every time he sent dragons out to fight , fewer returned than were sent .
tr	NNS	He also expressed his apologies .
tr	NNS	Ned gripped her biceps to hold her upright .
tr	NN	""" I beg your pardon ? """
tr	NN	At first I felt a pinch of envy : he has this huge family that looks out for him and would do anything for him .
tr	NN	The girl was wearing a white lace veil over her face .
tr	NN	Alison repressed a yawn and blinked a couple of times .
tr	NNS	Maybe she was making excuses to herself -- a coward giving herself a get out -- but that was how she felt .
tr	NN	One of Jax 's big hands gripped her thigh just above her knee and pushed it sideways .
tr	NNS	But I do not condemn her actions ; she had only been carrying out the sentences that I set forth at the beginning of my reign .
tr	NN	She slid her icy glare from Hale to the girl behind him .
tr	NNS	I have no credentials .
tr	NNS	""" They might get wrecked . """
tr	NN	From the tangle of emotions clouding her mind , a single comment surfaced -- her glib announcement that the killer had come from town .
tr	NNS	"You walked down thirty-three floors ? """
tr	NNS	Everywhere she looked , she saw packs of girls , no doubt armed with their parents ' credit cards .
tr	NNS	Their long snouts gaped wide , revealing mouths full of shark teeth .
tr	NN	He could almost see her nipple .
tr	NNS	Oliver watched the deer , and I watched him .
tr	NN	""" And give her a peace offering -- a hug and a kiss . """
tr	NNS	His unguarded reaction had erased any doubts about the response that her declaration would get .
tr	NN	They have no other protection .
tr	NN	As they passed one , Jace caught a quick glimpse of a writhing body tied to a bed , and heard the sound of screaming and cursing .
tr	NNS	And put needles in our arms .
tr	NNS	She added several pairs of socks , plus clean underwear .
tr	NNS	These individuals possessed some godly powers , but were only half divine .
tr	NN	I focused my talent on finding my lost way but I felt nothing .
tr	NN	Jonas slapped the notepad down on the table .
tr	NN	Gaspar took a long rope and put it at the bottom of the tube and brought the rope at some distance from it .
tr	NNS	""" How many secured sectors of the Spider territory are there on the south border ? """
tr	NNS	He accesses all his input ports .
tr	NNS	He strode the carpeted hallways towards his chambers , thinking about exactly how to approach this information .
tr	NN	The scent of roasting meat woke a hunger in him that was more powerful even than horror or despair .
tr	NNS	She brought out steaks and my mouth watered at the smell .
tr	NN	"Find a cart and drag him out of here if you must . """
tr	NNS	""" Marlo set explosives ."
tr	NN	She has little respect and trust for anybody else , and for good reason .
tr	NN	They Establish a Trading factory .
tr	NN	Then you can return the dagger Gianni stole and Rico will let me leave .
tr	NNS	I repeat the numbers to confirm .
tr	NNS	A modern electronic computer - say , a third-generation IBM digital computer - would cost several million dollars .
tr	NNS	I 'd even signed their T-shirts . '
tr	NN	When the old Buffalo Soldier turned back , he had his revolving rifle in his hand .
tr	NN	""" Meantime the high priest of the temple of Ra was demanding our execution ."
tr	NN	"I 'm taking your uncle and the girls back to San Francisco . """
tr	NN	"I have wine , soda , fruit juice ... "" "" Do you have any coffee ? """
tr	NNS	"You know our chances of winning go down if you don 't play ? """
tr	NN	""" Yeah , well ... "" Her frustration bubbled a little hotter , a little thicker ."
tr	NNS	It only took a few strokes of his fingers to bring forth the telltale dampness that let him know she was aroused .
tr	NNS	It sharpened her psychic abilities , of which she was already quite proficient .
tr	NN	Ferry held up the flexible net of silver rolled into its tie bands .
tr	NN	I 've taken your advice and submitted resumes to some major magazines in New York .
tr	NN	I gripped the railing in front of me .
tr	NNS	Maybe I 'd used up all my chances , and by being stupid and stubborn , I could never , ever win her back .
tr	NN	"I want revenge and I won 't stop until I have it . """
tr	NN	I 'd just given my virginity to Jake Caplin and he 'd just given everything to me too .
tr	NNS	"He 's already made provisions for her in his will . """
tr	NNS	He indicated his palms , holding them out before him .
tr	NN	She lifted the gauntlet again , her friends running toward her .
tr	NNS	""" I hate surprises ."
tr	NN	I haven 't really ... um ... thought that out .
tr	NN	Outside , the ground feels slick beneath my sneakers , and my sack of clothes thumps against my back as I slow to a jog .
tr	NNS	Lifting onto her toes , she kept the points of her heels from connecting with the hard floor .
tr	NNS	I feel ... grief .
tr	NN	Lisa already has discussed your pay rate , and you 'll be getting paid on a weekly basis .
tr	NN	You have a fortnight to decide .
tr	NNS	If you have ever walked down Bourbon Street during Marti Gras , you have seen masses of outrageous drunks .
tr	NNS	Chances were they all had strange auras and thought nothing of hers .
tr	NN	He grabbed his bandana from his pocket and began gently dabbing the stuff off her face .
tr	NNS	Perhaps something else killed the dinosaurs . '
tr	NN	He picked up the tin and staggered off towards some trees .
tr	NN	"And don 't use all my conditioner , dead girl . """
tr	NN	She tapped the dashboard of the car .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to dig a hand into the hair at the nape of her neck and pull her face to his .
tr	NNS	He had no photographs of her and when he 'd tried to dip into her records , someone from the ASD had shown up at his office .
tr	NN	Several platoons had reached this trench and there must have been about a thousand of us , probably more .
tr	NNS	As the device cleared and began to ascend up into the larger unit , his voice shattered the stillness .
tr	NN	We had a scale we used .
tr	NNS	As each man reached the station platform they took up defensive positions .
tr	NNS	"Dead men tell no tales . """
tr	NNS	She poured two cups , and grabbed a box of cake doughnuts , when they sat down she resumed .
tr	NN	A shiver of fear zipped up her spine , and she clutched tightly to the broom handle .
tr	NNS	They carried the infamous Tomahawk missiles that strike fear and terror to any opposition .
tr	NNS	I rack my brains , running through the possibilities .
tr	NN	And when he pictured Kayla , he could see the family resemblance .
tr	NNS	""" I have some forms that need your signature ."
tr	NN	Lok , many times great-nephew of the legendary Dragon Warlord , stared down his opponent .
tr	NN	His home had that effect .
tr	NNS	She gave him directions and he excused himself .
tr	NNS	But I shut the malicious murmurs out of my mind and kept heading toward the main office building , which was made out of lovely gray bricks .
tr	NN	The pilot had executed a textbook emergency landing ; no passengers were injured .
tr	NNS	All the brothers protect their families that way .
tr	NNS	The sparkling plates held dewy fruits and savory cakes .
tr	NN	But he didn 't like her pacing or worrying because he was annoyed with Chase .
tr	NNS	Over the years we had our houses burned , stones thrown at us , and priests trying to exorcise the devil from me .
tr	NNS	I am introducing dramatic changes .
tr	NN	She leaned her backside against the table , seemingly for support .
tr	NN	Mrs. Cooper somehow mixed chocolate and peanut butter in her ice cream , and the results were incredible .
tr	NN	"Looked like jealousy to me . """
tr	NN	He let out a short growl and stalked into the cave .
tr	NNS	It cost a thousand dollars to play , but the winner walked away with the hotel , restaurant and bar .
tr	NNS	"I don 't want any heroic attempts to bring him back . """
tr	NN	""" They do not use our language ."
tr	NNS	They don 't have high power positions or conquer the world jobs .
tr	NN	He tugged the strand of hair from his finger and touched her cheek .
tr	NN	""" And our guests deserve their privacy , besides , you 're here to work not text your boyfriend . """
tr	NNS	""" I can see the wheels turning in your head . """
tr	NNS	"Of course you 'd be given plumb assignments like this one . """
tr	NN	Phoebe broke the chant .
tr	NN	"Victorian-era mourning jewelry . """
tr	NNS	Listen , kid , don 't make excuses .
tr	NN	He had a huge moustache which made him look like a walrus .
tr	NN	Hey , sweetie , just whistle a happy tune .
tr	NN	""" Because , you will all be attending Kiran 's birthday celebration and I just wanted to be clear on where we stood . """
tr	NNS	""" If only I had more abilities . """
tr	NNS	But she 's taking measures as she would like to get divorce in peace .
tr	NNS	But he has shunned all my more than reasonable offers .
tr	NNS	He had probably a billion dollars and hotels around the world and blah , blah , blah .
tr	NN	I hold out the temporary ID .
tr	NNS	he screams and presses his thumbs into my throat .
tr	NN	I threw the pillow softly back .
tr	NNS	""" I 've found more tapes ."
tr	NNS	Sexton would certainly want all the data he could possibly get on PODS as soon as she told him about Harper .
tr	NN	Cassius wouldn 't be storming the castle on his white horse with his steel sword raised .
tr	NN	"And take your pet leech with you before I play a game of Pin the Stake in the Vamp . """
tr	NN	She unbuttoned his vest with nimble fingers , parting the edges to run her hands down the length of his tie .
tr	NN	Every part of her fought the urge to just lie down and surrender .
tr	NN	I resist the urge to strangle her .
tr	NNS	She collected the dishes while Phoebe offered help and scurried out of the dining room behind Sibyl .
tr	NNS	Heavy rains meant muddy roads , and the town would soon be empty as the farm families left for home before dark .
tr	NNS	With only half an hour to wait , Arlene did her closing chores and asked if she could go on and leave with Buck .
tr	NN	She certainly took up more real estate on the bed than Clary did .
tr	NN	I stifled a groan .
tr	NNS	""" We all have a few ghosts cluttering up our lives , Verity ."
tr	NNS	The morning meal being finished they turned their attentions to the matters at hand .
tr	NN	Eventually , they might even get his dry humor .
tr	NN	Bouquets of flowers adorned each wooden pew and spilled over the altar , scenting the air with their perfume .
tr	NNS	"Leading raids against me ! """
tr	NN	I watched her worriedly , but thus far , the spell mostly seemed about pain .
tr	NNS	I have witnessed atrocities that you would not even imagine possible .
tr	NNS	"We can train purse dogs together . """
tr	NN	For Rachel , I 'd shovel coal into the furnace in hell .
tr	NN	Her fingers gave only the slightest twitch .
tr	NN	""" I play tennis and I 'm dying . """
tr	NNS	The net of rope will not support solid blocks of snow so we must slice slabs from the top and lay them on .
tr	NNS	At its peak she had terrible visions of being drowned or being locked in that tower for ever .
tr	NNS	""" I have no doubts that he is one of us ."
tr	NN	Maybe I was having a breakdown and he -- what was I going to call him now ?
tr	NN	Thank goodness for new high-tech hotels .
tr	NNS	By the time they were outside , Carol had bridled her fears .
tr	NN	""" Could one of you at least get a pillow and blanket for him ? """
tr	NNS	""" I have good contacts in Lycia ."
tr	NN	She gave him the duffel and the computer case and rushed across the room to where her carry-on stood open .
tr	NN	He returned the gesture and motioned for the door .
tr	NN	"A failed experiment . "" """
tr	NN	Would he obey and wear a more casual outfit like they counseled ?
tr	NN	I was given the task to speak to the people .
tr	NN	Zeke had tracked the stuffed buffalo down through his contacts .
tr	NN	She didn 't want another confrontation with her sister , especially with Carrie listening in .
tr	NNS	To hear Annie talk , she 'd gotten the very dregs of the elective courses .
tr	NN	""" Come on , my treat . """
tr	NN	Chills crawled down my spine .
tr	NNS	Package up the artifacts and get everyone out .
tr	NNS	"They have huge apartments in Yaletown and mansions in Shaughnessy , posh places like that . """
tr	NNS	Throw solutions for third apex circular differentials !
tr	NN	""" Is there any chance we can get the committee together before dinner instead of after ? """
tr	NNS	Carl was feeding me opportunities and I 'd been snapping them up , which made me busier and busier .
tr	NNS	After much grumbling and complaining , the boys finally take their positions .
tr	NN	Ser Glendon did not have a visor to lower .
tr	NN	At a leisurely pace , the procession of police , detectives and reporters wound its way south to an alley behind a barn near State and Schiller .
tr	NNS	He tugs and tightens the buckles .
tr	NNS	He shuffles pans and then removes something from the stove .
tr	NNS	Strikes of lighting illuminated the blackened heavens in quick flashes , and thunder rolled in the distance .
tr	NN	I didn 't deserve forgiveness or understanding .
tr	NN	I open the refrigerator .
tr	NN	The trod keeper shouted a protest and tried shutting the door again , but Puck wasn 't going anywhere .
tr	NNS	Francesca tries out the mattress .
tr	NNS	"And I eat all my vegetables . """
tr	NNS	While their swords were secured in their oak chests , yet all wore knives on their belt .
tr	NN	The footsteps hit the landing , then disappeared down the hallway .
tr	NNS	She still held the daggers .
tr	NN	She 'd kicked off the stiff , starchy comforter and had propped herself against the headboard .
tr	NN	Do you raise consciousness or lower its threshold ?
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of Addie 's motionless figure on the ground as something crashed against me .
tr	NN	""" I seek your forgiveness ."
tr	NNS	He had more chances to interact with forest animals than with other people .
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths preparing myself for the explanation to follow .
tr	NNS	They say possession 's nine points of the law , right ? '
tr	NNS	She repeated the caress twice more before he released an explosive sigh .
tr	NN	"Marcus , the oldest Sullivan , took a silent vote from his siblings before turning to Smith and saying , "" Go meet Smith Junior and Jackie ."
tr	NNS	I wrap my thighs around the cold metal and lock my ankles together , before releasing my hands , and hanging upside down .
tr	NNS	Now you light the fires .
tr	NN	""" Put the pitchfork down , honey . """
tr	NN	""" Unregulated turf . """
tr	NNS	He 's got his overalls down around his ankles , and boy he 's humping this thing in the moonlight .
tr	NN	She owned the cafe and had been advertising in the local paper for a combination dishwasher , waiter , and handyman .
tr	NN	The doctor and tech were watching the monitor , so they didn 't see what Jasmine and I did .
tr	NN	A good friend of Kat 's knows a nurse who has connections with the hospital .
tr	NN	It then cast a metallic golden sheen across the endless water .
tr	NN	They knew my reputation all too well and were probably already making assumptions .
tr	NNS	""" We need supplies ."
tr	NNS	Asher ran Avery 's numbers , and once again , everything worked perfectly .
tr	NNS	Combined with losing his fiancee , my God , no wonder the man had fears about the danger of his job .
tr	NN	"Recalling experiences with his own mother , he pulled out an old standby : "" Because she said so . """
tr	NNS	# Later they fed the dogs , but left them in Owen 's loft .
tr	NN	Alex fought the urge to drive over and barge into the house .
tr	NN	A twig poked my belly .
tr	NNS	His thumb stroked a caress along the delicate line of her jaw .
tr	NN	""" I would bid this shell and ivory jewelry . """
tr	NN	Often at the end of an invasion , tenacious minorities began a furtive resistance that caused damage once unimaginable owing to new technologies .
tr	NNS	He just might have unusual abilities , though magical shaving seemed harmless enough .
tr	NNS	Jared sat next to me , and we began passing around the different dishes , fil ing our plates .
tr	NN	From behind his back , Gavin produced a gilded vase covered in floating cherubs and swirling ivy .
tr	NNS	The warden sees three figures walking through the docking tunnel and even at this distance he recognizes one of them to be Captain Drake .
tr	NN	With closed eyes and deep breathes Connor slowed his heart rate and suppressed the flow of adrenaline through his body .
tr	NNS	I set our coffees down on the table and sat in the chair while she opened the bag .
tr	NN	I straighten my spine in response , standing taller , no longer leaning on the piano .
tr	NN	"But then , everyone needs a hobby . """
tr	NNS	He lifted the covers in invitation .
tr	NN	Eugene could instantly identify the large man 's European descent : fair skin and prominent bone structure .
tr	NNS	""" I had my suspicions before that things would go bad . """
tr	NNS	Ones that had small cats with Santa hats on them .
tr	NN	"CHAPTER TWO "" ORDER 'S UP . """
tr	NN	He straightened his spine and faced his father-in-law across the room .
tr	NN	Dostoyevsky 's Crime and Punishment sat splayed out , spine up , on the seat next to it .
tr	NNS	But between the explosions I heard more muffled noises , something like a piece of furniture falling .
tr	NNS	I got my own troubles to deal with .
tr	NNS	""" And I have issues stemming from losing my parents in such a traumatic way ."
tr	NNS	""" Thomas doesn 't play pranks , and the guys who do are all working ."
tr	NNS	Joe took two more bites before scraping the rest of the food into the trash and placing the tray on the counter .
tr	NNS	""" After I met with Ryan he paid me a few bucks to keep an eye on his brother ."
tr	NN	At the door he grabbed a cloth cap of similar material and picked up a wooden walking stick .
tr	NNS	She was mimicking the same motions I was using .
tr	NNS	As a cop he 'd been here before , had brought victims in , dealt with the doctors .
tr	NN	She could not simply turn and leave the theater just because she discovered this man was to be a part of her party .
tr	NNS	"May I ask , have the nightmares stopped ? """
tr	NNS	He could understand the farmer 's actions confronted by a wild man .
tr	NN	""" Don 't worry honey ."
tr	NN	She had a hunch she wouldn 't be able to concentrate on anything else .
tr	NN	He handed Spider a napkin , and Spider pressed it against his cheek .
tr	NN	""" We caught an intruder within our walls last night , yes . """
tr	NN	She still wanted our privacy , and the trees surrounding us had given us ample protection , but now they were gone .
tr	NN	Lance swiped the dead puddle with a finger and held it to his tongue .
tr	NN	Thalia swears loudly and drops a handful of cutlery .
tr	NN	With how well vampires could hear , he may as well have tattooed a big V onto my forehead .
tr	NNS	I pressed my thighs together to intensify the aching sensation that could take me over the edge .
tr	NN	Sudden infant death syndrome .
tr	NNS	""" We will make some more permanent arrangements for you "" ."
tr	NNS	He counted out fifty bits of metal , then handed them to me .
tr	NN	Harald ran into Sarah 's waiting arms , he smelt all salty but it was good to have a hug .
tr	NNS	She and Susan had run many scenarios so she knew what was needed .
tr	NN	I caught a hitch in my throat .
tr	NNS	They have almost the same mental abilities as rats .
tr	NN	She spread out a napkin and peeled the wrap from around the sandwich while Paul scanned the loan application .
tr	NNS	One brought armies to do such things .
tr	NN	Who aroused the dragon from his slumber , I might ask ?
tr	NN	He could feel his iPhone throbbing in his coat pocket , but he ignored it .
tr	NNS	He jerked the shears from her hand and threw them as hard as he could out the kitchen window .
tr	NN	""" I can see the crown . """
tr	NNS	He was making noises , hoarse and pleading , and I gradually realized he was saying my name .
tr	NNS	Hell , he 'd throw away millions of dollars for one more night with Trinity .
tr	NN	I give to you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul and my body .
tr	NNS	""" We do have hospitals , schools , and airports named after us ."
tr	NNS	She picked up the soft sweats and held them to her face .
tr	NNS	Can 't a girl have relationship bliss without even her best friend disapproving ?
tr	NNS	With three pings , he fired three shots into the side of the aircraft .
tr	NN	The words explode unbidden from my mouth , and I let them .
tr	NN	"In that case , I 'll give you the family discount . """
tr	NN	The girl was wearing a plain gray gown that had seen better days but was clean and serviceable .
tr	NN	Fitz Maurice had made a good argument , but most men believed revenge was both honorable and obligatory , and worth the risk of banishment .
tr	NN	I return the pen and tablet to her hands and wait for her to respond .
tr	NNS	You are killing the parasites and we need them .
tr	NN	Thank god I thought to wear one of my sexiest pairs tonight .
tr	NNS	Nate levitated a few inches off the ground .
tr	NN	We inhaled the pizza , drank enormous amounts of Coke and both watched the film attentively .
tr	NN	The soldier in the claws gave a pained smirk .
tr	NNS	But whilst I do so , if you don 't mind , Irene , would you make certain your companions sample the truffles ?
tr	NN	"Ride my cock . """
tr	NN	Oriole tapped her pencil against her teeth .
tr	NNS	Where does he have connections to ? '
tr	NNS	"We 're killing two birds with one stone . """
tr	NN	As the rest of the cast drifted in , I covered my confused jealousy by handing out phone lists that I 'd printed that morning .
tr	NN	He poured a tasteless liquid into Kane 's mouth .
tr	NNS	""" I 've been shedding buckets for the past several days . """
tr	NNS	"I can 't take any chances . """
tr	NNS	He cupped my breasts .
tr	NN	When the line opened , Rio uttered the password and then Sam was there , immediately brisk and all business .
tr	NNS	""" I love your tits ."
tr	NNS	He honestly had no complaints about that .
tr	NN	The conductor had brought a pen and paper .
tr	NNS	Mostly , he just barked directions at me from across the stage , and I obeyed them without answering .
tr	NN	She had no option but to follow him .
tr	NNS	My son had freckles , too .
tr	NN	He kissed her roughly , harshly , though she struggled against him before he pulled back .
tr	NNS	I try six classrooms before I find a teacher who would take him .
tr	NNS	""" Now you 're free , "" he tells the bugs in an enthusiastic voice that resembles his mom 's ."
tr	NNS	Ordered so many atrocities .
tr	NNS	""" But it could be , if you played your cards right . """
tr	NNS	Otherwise , we had the same classes on weekends as we did on weekdays .
tr	NNS	They touted the endless benefits to a life led by logic and rationality , while simultaneously addressing the silent beast growing stronger by the day : opinion .
tr	NN	Helena had visited the olive plant once with her father .
tr	NN	"Maybe we better call the fire department . """
tr	NNS	Opening it , he removed various items placing them in his coat pockets .
tr	NNS	We all ordered steaks .
tr	NNS	She had close ties with the Vatican .
tr	NNS	She heard noises outside .
tr	NN	She has a walk-in closet the size of my bedroom .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't know the mechanics of it , "" Lindsey said , "" if that 's what you 're asking ."
tr	NNS	Spencer quickly pulled out her emergency cigarettes and lit up .
tr	NNS	However I 'm not seeing any blasting pieces only shredded metal bits .
tr	NNS	""" You have no rights as far as the courts are concerned ."
tr	NNS	But after having observed the scientist 's state of mind he could imagine all possible measures .
tr	NN	An early rain had left the turf sparkling like ground glass and awakened strong humid smells in the undergrowth .
tr	NNS	When there was no other image I saw just the gems , and I called them ' the Marbles ' after the children 's game .
tr	NN	She touched the soft material of her dresses .
tr	NN	"They showed my people the same cruelty that my father had so often shown them . """
tr	NN	Removing the lid he opened up the oily package to reveal the Browning High Power issued to him so many years before .
tr	NNS	""" But shouldn 't you trust the medical experts ? """
tr	NN	He didn 't want an interruption .
tr	NN	He was giving the camera a thumbs-up .
tr	NNS	""" I found cameras in the bedrooms ! """
tr	NNS	We strolled a few blocks after lunch , digesting and talking .
tr	NNS	As I watched , Nettie added stripes to the stockings .
tr	NNS	Royalty had servants for that kind of thing .
tr	NN	"Save the flute for stragglers or rebels . """
tr	NN	Out of the corner of my eye , I noticed Claude 's cheeks reddening .
tr	NN	""" I need advice ."
tr	NN	On the way out of the bedroom , she slammed her toe against the dresser .
tr	NN	""" The artisans who create them commit ritual suicide after completing one , for their eyes will no longer bear the task . """
tr	NNS	I just heard the hiss of her breath .
tr	NN	In one hand he had his lightning rod .
tr	NNS	The brainstorming brought up drugs , anti-social behaviour , organised crime , residence location , and many others .
tr	NN	In his nervousness he gripped the hem of his robe and began to twist it .
tr	NNS	She darted around the ruins of the doorframe and looked the other way down the corridor .
tr	NN	He was carrying a white flag .
tr	NN	But she loved that unexpected , innocent quality .
tr	NN	Just now , when I passed out I saw her Kennan .
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths , waiting for her racing heart to calm down .
tr	NNS	""" They put out cigarettes on you . """
tr	NN	I knew another dummy once before .
tr	NN	""" I have every faith in your ability to survive , pet ."
tr	NN	A chill runs down his spine as he suddenly can 't shake the feeling he is being watched .
tr	NN	For upon it we discovered life equivalent to that of ourselves .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't fault the man 's mathematic abilities .
tr	NN	To avoid that , I climbed a high dune and scanned the beach ahead .
tr	NNS	This time he donned his battle leathers , which could house several daggers and two different lengths of fighting chains .
tr	NNS	He moved less than two inches , but it was enough .
tr	NN	"You 'll spoil the perfectly good reputation I 've been working on for the last twelve years . """
tr	NN	""" We need a small wagon . """
tr	NNS	"Further , we will defend these lands faithfully , and our women and children will be hostage to our commitment to you . """
tr	NN	Sara heard another wail , fainter than the first .
tr	NN	Across the creek , the road heads up the far hill of the valley .
tr	NN	You could show a little respect for this ritual , David . '
tr	NN	He fought the urge to gulp at it but his heart slammed into full throttle and his hand shook as he thumbed the comms button .
tr	NNS	Her shoes probably cost a thousand dollars , but even they paled in comparison to the broach she wore at the base of her neck .
tr	NNS	All the new electric cars needed effective storage batteries to be practical , as well .
tr	NN	He kissed her jawline and her neck .
tr	NN	Moments later , he slipped a generous handful of sous into the man 's hand and was given admittance to the presumed cellar .
tr	NN	Life lost all its joy and the burdens of being CEO snuffed out the last of his hopeful dreams .
tr	NN	Chills sped down Katherine 's spine as the tension between her and Kylie filled the room .
tr	NNS	Perhaps , in an odd sort of way , I have already nearly exhausted the trappings of wealth .
tr	NNS	He had been hanging around on the outskirts of some of the paparazzi packs which stalked stars like Eleanor Channing .
tr	NNS	Several of them held up food trays for protection .
tr	NN	""" Sign this document that states you will never divulge the contents of the Renoir Will or the financial status of the estate ."
tr	NNS	He knew his chances of evading that sword were better if he was underneath his horse than out in the open field .
tr	NNS	"I 'll take no chances with her safety or that of our child . """
tr	NN	I was getting an ache in my shoulders from holding Billy .
tr	NN	They can 't offer you protection anymore .
tr	NNS	Soon , Mr. Stone was wiping the last soap bubbles off me and giving me gentle kisses .
tr	NNS	Standing to face dad and reaching in his pocket , he pulled out a few coins and handed them to dad .
tr	NN	Lucky for me , Sienna didn 't have my patience .
tr	NNS	It would mean no more chances for him to prove himself against the various challenges they tested him with .
tr	NN	He rubbed my cl * t as he fingered me , probing me .
tr	NNS	After a few bites they shoved their sandwiches aside and brought out the paperwork .
tr	NN	The wealthy nations followed their initial timing .
tr	NNS	We dropped our packs and again planned out and implemented our defense .
tr	NN	Luke didn 't hide his displeasure .
tr	NN	He scooted a half full mason jar and a spoon encrusted with sugar toward her .
tr	NN	"Either that or we 'll find the location of Darian the Seer and save the world . """
tr	NN	If you run , it will give chase , and an Olympic sprinter given a quarter mile head start would eventually have a tiger on his back .
tr	NNS	This marker would store personal data internally as well as being constantly linked to a master database .
tr	NNS	He immediately gave examples from his years as a teacher , illustrating that there is nothing to understand .
tr	NNS	But now we can take measures to foil it . '
tr	NNS	We must prepare the ingredients for a binding spell to banish the necromancer 's powers .
tr	NN	She folded up the towel .
tr	NN	The Hermit gave a halfhearted shrug .
tr	NNS	He touches his cat whiskers on my cheekbone making me both thrill and chill .
tr	NN	And signed my destiny right along with his .
tr	NN	The gods suppressed the limo 's mean intelligence , kept it from asking what the problem was .
tr	NNS	I gave off a few more shots , ending my clip .
tr	NNS	I wipe the draining wet drops from Prewitt 's face then kiss his cheekbone , since I can 't kiss his lips .
tr	NN	Would Ship really break the recording ?
tr	NNS	That , of course , probably meant higher prices for housing .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms down his legs .
tr	NN	She knew the new etiquette as well as anyone .
tr	NNS	How many batteries do you want ?
tr	NNS	No , I just used my questioning skills to ask Annabelle , and then I looked you up on my phone . '
tr	NNS	He has brought them different dishes , but knows they will not share .
tr	NNS	He sent runners all through the village , seeking volunteers to host a soldier or two .
tr	NN	He pulled his napkin down and laid it on his lap .
tr	NN	While they were talking , my sometimes bumbling father had a stroke of pure genius .
tr	NNS	"Hopefully they 'll appreciate my skills there . """
tr	NNS	""" I had my doubts ."
tr	NNS	Automatically she raised her senses and studied the auras of the two men .
tr	NN	It took pure willpower to keep her posture good and her smile in place .
tr	NN	7 The hovercraft makes a quick , spiral descent onto a wide road on the outskirts of 8 .
tr	NN	I noticed the tag on its little arm .
tr	NNS	""" We 're not signing any contracts in the morning ."
tr	NN	""" Oh , use your imagination !"
tr	NNS	I saw the earlier tapes , when you were a child .
tr	NNS	""" As long as you 're in my arms , I 've got no complaints . """
tr	NN	In the middle , Martha was sliding fish along the cutting board and dropping her cleaver so swiftly on their necks - Do fish have necks ?
tr	NN	He aims his rifle at Ben .
tr	NNS	I unlocked the wheels where I had made them fast , facing the stairs .
tr	NN	He picked up Beau 's instrument of death .
tr	NNS	They would lose too much important data .
tr	NNS	Hugo directed the other heroes .
tr	NN	She held the frame with white knuckles to maintain her seat .
tr	NN	I had that file doctored up for weeks and was just waiting for a chance to use it .
tr	NN	"I anxiously await a glimpse at your methods . """
tr	NN	Brittany wore an army uniform and when I looked down at her feet , I saw her partially laced boots .
tr	NNS	She repeated , inches from Nanny 's face .
tr	NN	"No one would notice our digging . """
tr	NNS	' Usually until he passed out , ' the warden gave a helpless palms up gesture .
tr	NN	Helen choked back an impulse to blurt out the truth .
tr	NNS	""" Cami , "" she said breathlessly , "" somebody sent me a dozen white roses . """
tr	NN	Jolene swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NN	Dressed to kill , once again , Vero was cutting a dash in a pencil skirt and a crisp , cream blouse .
tr	NNS	She took the dirty dishes to the sink and ran water .
tr	NN	""" You give me privacy or I go without . """
tr	NNS	Let 's have the explosives off and disarmed .
tr	NN	Then I see the full range of the tiny corner grocery store : frozen food packages and canned goods .
tr	NNS	My gaze sweeps the cliffs and the spot where the guards seemed to materialize out of thin air .
tr	NN	He walked up the passageway at the bottom of the airship and into its belly .
tr	NNS	""" She can take swings if she wants , but she won 't touch Harlow ."
tr	NNS	""" Five thousand dollars ? """
tr	NNS	The family clearly had their own rituals and traditions developed over years , decades , maybe generations .
tr	NNS	But I recognize his strengths .
tr	NN	""" The fool , he refused the brand ."
tr	NNS	Over his shoulder , she could see television stations flashing across the screen as he deftly wielded the remote .
tr	NNS	""" I have found the Gemini twins !"
tr	NNS	So someone paid a thousand bucks to put me in the hospital .
tr	NN	A robot obeys its code of laws because it has no choice but to obey .
tr	NNS	""" After all sex education with my mother not only covers the basics but she has a satisfaction section as well ."
tr	NNS	The servants playing tricks , she had thought , but tonight what was left of her soul knew better .
tr	NN	He brought the cavalry .
tr	NNS	All units consolidate your defenses .
tr	NN	"And don 't say I should take my own advice . """
tr	NN	Without another word Ian gathered up the shovel and pick from the floor as Connor moved toward the bones .
tr	NNS	Shaking her head , the child made several darting hand signals .
tr	NNS	""" The State didn 't renew the piece rate contracts in the quarry ; my costs rose and demand was dropping . """
tr	NN	You should also have received a package from Mr. Treadwell .
tr	NN	She earned their loyalty and trust , and after two years the men would follow her down into the very pits of hell if she asked them .
tr	NN	Nik took the basket she was carrying and walked with her toward a spot under a shady tree .
tr	NN	"Well , this certainly puts a different spin on the idea of getting rid of him . """
tr	NN	I see the baseball cap before I see the rest of him , and I hope to God that 's Sean 's cap .
tr	NN	She 'd given consideration to shooting Agent Reed , but had put that idea aside -- at least for the moment .
tr	NNS	He had sandals , sneakers , loafers , and a pair of fluffy bear claws .
tr	NN	So I won that argument .
tr	NNS	They studied the front license plates , then the rear .
tr	NNS	Gwen switched positions with her roommate and narrowed her eyes .
tr	NNS	A couple slaves handed them their packs as they went .
tr	NN	He then waited an additional half-hour to see if anyone would intrude .
tr	NNS	And I don 't mean brownies Jess !
tr	NNS	Endeavour Press has asserted their rights under the Copyright , Design and Patents Act , 1988 , to be identified as the author of this work .
tr	NN	You did not give the correct code !
tr	NNS	They were handed several suits to try on .
tr	NNS	Peering out the window Shay studied the passing shops .
tr	NN	They were stacking ice cream .
tr	NNS	She and Diana locked stares .
tr	NNS	Most psychotic killers and rapists have Facebook pages ... that 's how they get you .
tr	NN	Because of her circumstances , Julie was given the privilege of a private room .
tr	NN	Through lids growing heavier by the second , I get a glimpse of whatever 's doing this to me .
tr	NN	But one pair of black biker boots with skulls and crossbones for buckles caught her eve .
tr	NN	He opens the lid to the cigar box and takes out a cigar .
tr	NNS	He 's using your own senses against you again , you fool !
tr	NN	""" I don 't have a security detail ! """
tr	NN	Perhaps I will find forgiveness and salvation , after all , yes ?
tr	NNS	Rebecca forced several deep breaths to quell the panic inside her .
tr	NN	I gave him credit he would protect my reputation .
tr	NNS	Although he was financially secure , he didn 't fully enjoy the benefits that were supposed to add to his happiness .
tr	NNS	""" Can you slice these sandwiches ? """
tr	NN	There , he could finally give full devotion to his jealous agony .
tr	NN	It spiraled over some low scrub and dropped from sight .
tr	NN	A few days before spring break , I had a spectacular meltdown .
tr	NNS	He could see the other squadron members looking at each other , aghast at Fintan 's orders .
tr	NNS	She rode him with her back arching , her hands gripping his thighs and digging into the flesh .
tr	NN	I wash off the shaving cream and start to rinse my hair out when the bathroom door bangs open .
tr	NNS	Twenty-four The eerie music of the wind chimes rattled Gwen 's senses and sent slivers of ice across the back of her neck .
tr	NN	At any of these locations the mounted bowmen could wreak havoc with their lightning attacks and their clouds of arrows .
tr	NN	Tristan leaned against the door then finally turned to face me , pizza in hand .
tr	NN	Hammond ran his knuckles along the cat 's spine ; I could hear purring from my seat across the room .
tr	NN	They must give my friends an equilibrium for their much stronger and muscular bodies .
tr	NN	Liam couldn 't help but admire her physique .
tr	NN	She 's got such a good attitude about it .
tr	NN	""" You mean the estate ? """
tr	NN	Abraham drew his pistol and fired , recounting the people he had killed over his lifetime .
tr	NN	""" Oh , they send out a professional photographer for that . """
tr	NN	""" As I see it , you have a strong argument for moving the nation 's capital to Austin ."
tr	NNS	She batted her eyelashes and I laughed at her .
tr	NN	I would apologize and beg their forgiveness for whatever I 've done .
tr	NNS	Max 's responding growl raised the short hairs on my neck .
tr	NNS	I could almost see the wheels turning in his mind as he debated making a break for the door .
tr	NN	My skewed perception , as we went over the fire , gave the impression that the flames rose with an attempt to catch us .
tr	NN	Within a minute , Sev messaged back his joy at the upcoming takedown .
tr	NNS	""" Where on earth did you get steaks ? """
tr	NN	He lost his annoyance and his impatience instantly for that was his choice .
tr	NN	He certainly had more proof of her dislike than he did of any softer emotion .
tr	NNS	I did not entertain illusions ; others would have already combed every shadowed pool for mortals .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down her spine though the day was hot .
tr	NN	I MAY BE SOME TIME , said Death .
tr	NN	Daniel had never won an argument with his mother .
tr	NNS	On the dance floor , on the stairs , even on some unlucky folks in the crowd .
tr	NNS	That means no crops .
tr	NN	Because the computer industry is a free-market system : It rewards efficiency and vision with profits .
tr	NNS	I counted my breaths in my head and held my eyes closed to focus just on the need to breathe and the need to be calm .
tr	NN	I remembered her unease of being touched for long and instantly pulled away .
tr	NNS	Max could very well cut all business ties with Kevin and his agency , but that would mean hurting Jacqueline as well .
tr	NNS	Ava washed the dishes while Matt went to change his clothes and clean off the grill .
tr	NN	I frantically pulled the hospital gown from my body but found nothing there .
tr	NN	John immediately started chase as I threw my body into his and we went crashing into the brick .
tr	NN	It had been said the first clan to discover a means to reach the stars would be the richest clan in the galaxy .
tr	NNS	The Elder , in his human form , stood several yards back among the fallen .
tr	NN	From in the camp , a large man from Nova 's group heaved a clump of chains on the ground in front of Ash .
tr	NN	"He must have valued your advice . """
tr	NNS	Bringing Danny to speed the band decided on their next busking trip they 'd visit some small independent labels .
tr	NNS	They show special talents right away .
tr	NNS	Gathering her up in his arms , he lifted her thighs around his waist and drove home in one deep thrust .
tr	NN	She could neutralize the acid in the system and break the glycerin down naturally ; neither was toxic alone .
tr	NN	""" I beg your pardon - will you forgive me ? """
tr	NNS	The shepherd made some strange noises in his throat and stuttered .
tr	NN	Feed my command with your remaining strength .
tr	NNS	Charles Cohn had inspected five buildings erected by the Nova Scotia Construction Company .
tr	NNS	As I walked out of the chow tent , I heard diesel engines near the front of the compound .
tr	NN	Sara dragged the towel over her hands and between her fingers to dry the lemonade .
tr	NNS	Melody surveyed her surroundings quickly .
tr	NN	Enormous multitudes witnessed the experiment , and there was a struggle for places in the car .
tr	NN	He offered an elegant shrug .
tr	NNS	""" I ... see , "" she nodded and looked back at Kai , "" The deliveries ? """
tr	NN	Charlotte had taken a liking to the photographer and was pleased to hear those two would soon be married .
tr	NNS	Maybe they had powers to read minds too .
tr	NNS	I kick my sandals off and sink back down onto the window seat .
tr	NN	We 're talking international incident of epic proportions here .
tr	NN	"But we 're getting off topic . """
tr	NN	But I promise you , tonight begins an era that will ensure that I will never be forgotten again .
tr	NNS	"They should have never sent new ranks , but there was another fight going on and those closer to the originals could not break away . """
tr	NNS	Odin might have received magical runes , but Freya taught the gods sorcery , spells , and charms when she moved to Asgard .
tr	NNS	Anyway , last night I read the pages where the book stopped .
tr	NN	He was also wearing his uniform .
tr	NNS	Her voice trembled and a tear ran delicately to her cheek .
tr	NNS	She took several deep breaths and then stood again , slowly , taking deep breaths as she did .
tr	NN	"I paid a fortune , a life 's fortune , to have the gate made then erased from all the grid documents . """
tr	NNS	""" It would double the assets of the company overnight ."
tr	NN	I could smell the liquor on him , and looked over , panicked , to Nori .
tr	NN	She had one option left .
tr	NN	Kara swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NN	I felt my stomach clench as the officers frowned at us .
tr	NN	""" They broke the needle off in her . """
tr	NN	Emma flicked the little lens cap , which hung from a black string off the eyepiece .
tr	NN	Like water thundering over a waterfall , Gabriel found his fury in a similar collision course downward .
tr	NNS	"You didn 't see any dogs this time did you ? """
tr	NN	""" I once painted a unicorn for my graduate thesis exhibition ."
tr	NNS	""" Welcome to show business , gentlemen . """
tr	NNS	And turn the cameras and the recorders on - I assume you turned them off .
tr	NN	In school , he 'd always won the class contest for most books read in a year .
tr	NNS	""" But they don 't tell outsiders . """
tr	NN	He pulled aside a curtain and revealed a hidden door that opened onto a dimly-lit flight of steps spiralling down to the lower level of the house .
tr	NNS	She followed the tracks , her boots twisting sideways on the snow-covered ground , surveying the area with frantic eyes .
tr	NNS	Startled , he stepped backwards .
tr	NNS	Other people watched bombs and rifle fire from their windows .
tr	NN	She gained the landing and paused .
tr	NNS	He did not see his attackers .
tr	NNS	The pirates fired shots at his chest , or else spent their energy chopping at his legs .
tr	NNS	"You don 't know any witches , do you ? """
tr	NN	Sarah graciously introduced the purring feline and tried to picture the purple bean plant as clearly as her mind allowed it .
tr	NNS	She readjusted the frequencies and applied another filter .
tr	NN	We have a duty to see that there are no disruptions to the time continuum .
tr	NN	He adored the Karelian birch furniture through out the four room presidential suite .
tr	NN	I will hold your oath fulfilled .
tr	NN	Nate ordered a rack of ribs with coleslaw and a little corn on the cob .
tr	NNS	We have a few more sites to locate .
tr	NNS	Every time you think you 've figured out just how responsible you were , another thought crops up .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't do drugs or guns .
tr	NNS	"And the program generates enough random elements to let them innovate . """
tr	NNS	Zook sat near Eris , carefully extracting each individual bottle , vial , and pouch from his bag .
tr	NNS	It was not for relieving a few aches and pains .
tr	NN	The blacksmith wore a thick leather apron charred from his work .
tr	NN	But when in Rome ... I picked up my fork .
tr	NN	And even as she started to imagine what London would be like , she felt a deep pang inside her chest .
tr	NNS	""" Take me back to that pub , "" Dickie said to George , "" maybe I can find those two coins . """
tr	NNS	""" I 'm charging you a thousand dollars every time someone says balls to me in the next month ."
tr	NN	I heard her shout to others in the room and I could sense movement .
tr	NNS	She flicked the talons on her right claw and the line of men beside her flew back .
tr	NN	"I must be having vertigo or something because I could have sworn you said ... "" Alistair nodded in the direction of the far wall ."
tr	NNS	That one had borne the overlapping hospital scents of antiseptic , people , and the faint , faraway odor of urine .
tr	NN	They angled down the hill until they were only a few meters from the road , then paralleled it for another hundred meters .
tr	NN	He was making her dizzy with all the questions and heartsick that he could pull off such a meticulous deception .
tr	NNS	Doing this would eradicate their chances of facing the prevalent abuse that comes from male fosters that adopt young girls from the orphanage .
tr	NN	I 've been hearing the merger 's in bad shape anyway , thanks to Grigio 's bad diplomacy .
tr	NNS	Give me the necklaces .
tr	NN	We finally reached a hidden alcove in the south facing wall of a tower , where a metal door stood framed by a pair of heavy drapes .
tr	NNS	I took a few shallow breaths , trying to calm my heart , but it kept galloping along .
tr	NN	No flipping the saucer up or down .
tr	NN	""" You can find a hobby that can occupy your time ."
tr	NNS	I build attractive stores where people can shop and buy things they need .
tr	NN	""" I appreciate the advice . """
tr	NNS	""" Jaden returned all my powers to me ."
tr	NNS	When he reached the end of the pool , he stopped and pulled off his goggles .
tr	NNS	I expected something gruff , perhaps crude .
tr	NNS	Then he dropped the pages onto a small stack of them and bound them with a large rubber band .
tr	NNS	And even have those prayers answered , somehow .
tr	NNS	""" Because we have the hots for each other ?"
tr	NNS	Renzo quietly noted the dead wolves , including the grown one with an arrow still in it .
tr	NNS	I lifted the front of Angel 's Cherokee a few inches and pushed it around a little .
tr	NN	Of course , we weren 't told our grade .
tr	NNS	' To be honest with you , I 've been racking my brains searching for a solution to this problem .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't she have developed a liking to silver rather than be allergic to it ?
tr	NNS	She removed her slippers .
tr	NN	"Why all the political fallout ? """
tr	NNS	We grabbed our coats and headed out to find something to eat .
tr	NNS	He counted off dates in his head .
tr	NNS	He exhales then inhales .
tr	NNS	At once she felt the stillness in Nicolae , his wariness , his watchfulness .
tr	NN	""" Cold soup or wolf jerky , "" said Nicolas digging through the backpack ."
tr	NN	All faces swing from him to me .
tr	NN	Then he caught a glimpse of Lily forgotten behind him .
tr	NNS	The elements were arousing my senses as if I were one with them .
tr	NNS	Several times they passed large vessels .
tr	NN	Still , no matter how much she weighed or how she dressed , Laurel deserved better treatment than John gave her .
tr	NN	I removed the jack , jack handle , and tire iron from the back of my truck and threw them to the ground .
tr	NNS	No matter what his job was before or after , he wasn 't missing many meals .
tr	NN	""" Best crab cake ever . """
tr	NNS	He 'd probably refused antibiotics like he had analgesics .
tr	NN	By this point we had reached the grove along the road .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't you have servants for that ? """
tr	NNS	""" Shoot the witches ! """
tr	NNS	He sets out various cans of stuff around a small towel he must have brought from his place .
tr	NNS	He could change his reactions to his father 's behavior , but he couldn 't change heredity .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to cry .
tr	NNS	Yet the tropical rain forests had spawned most new life forms , including man .
tr	NN	Naturally my father stated his claim to the land and told the evil king to leave .
tr	NN	""" Why the fish ? """
tr	NNS	I read the ingredients in Kitty 's Divine Gourmet Sea Feast .
tr	NN	His dark hair looked artificial , like something penned in with a Magic Marker .
tr	NNS	"He 's been there ever since , doing chores and now riding . """
tr	NN	Madeline pulled up her off-the-shoulder blouse so that it wasn 't showing half her bra .
tr	NN	He gave a soft shrug .
tr	NN	""" Wake up , honey ."
tr	NNS	""" Four million dollars ! """
tr	NNS	How many victims had we 'd missed ?
tr	NNS	"That sort of thing can attract all sorts of unstable personalities . """
tr	NNS	We explored little islands and then came back .
tr	NN	The fleeing shadow turned , pistol in hand .
tr	NNS	Darling Lily steals millions .
tr	NNS	She also has earned 7 more PEARL awards .
tr	NNS	The quill pen made quiet scratching noises as it flew across the paper , carving black strokes into the dry white paper .
tr	NN	"She washes the garbage when you and Amma aren 't lookin ' . """
tr	NNS	""" He had great instincts ."
tr	NN	Wil and Betty liked the bustle of Seoul and its unique food and again , smiling faces .
tr	NN	He sounds heartbroken , and the sound breaks mine .
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel and stepped into a stall , snapping the curtain shut behind me .
tr	NNS	No doubt she 'd sound beautiful sober .
tr	NN	He then apparently got his first good glimpse of Conrad .
tr	NN	Frustrated , Mia dropped her napkin on her empty plate and reached for her glass of wine .
tr	NN	At that point , Jamie exited the stable , leading a pregnant and frightened mare out to the paddock .
tr	NNS	"Then I have some conditions of my own . """
tr	NN	""" You may have missed the memo ... "" She caressed up and down , again and again ."
tr	NN	""" How do you worship a god of the moon ? """
tr	NNS	""" But without Jack , who will pull his reins ?"
tr	NN	She pulled her t-shirt over her head and unclipped her tiger bra exposing her upturned breasts .
tr	NN	She 'd wanted their first encounter to be a private one .
tr	NNS	I can only remember bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	He immediately puked up his waffles and coffee .
tr	NN	She said a short prayer for Boris ' success .
tr	NNS	More and more , Thane actually liked the warrior 's directness .
tr	NNS	"Don 't you have visitation rights ? """
tr	NNS	I see the wariness ( Did he know already ? )
tr	NN	I told Call about that night in your bedroom , and she went ballistic .
tr	NN	Acheron had very little patience .
tr	NN	I didn 't deserve her forgiveness .
tr	NNS	He could hear strange noises through the microphone coming from the same cell Hoover had been to earlier .
tr	NNS	""" Perhaps your mother would have believed your lies , but I 'm not soft like she was ."
tr	NN	Her fingers gave my elbow a squeeze .
tr	NNS	"I 've got some solid grief counseling classes under my belt . """
tr	NNS	Ruby heard the hiss of paper ripping .
tr	NNS	Afterward , Adam and Jazmine ate sandwiches in the museum cafe and visited the gift shop .
tr	NN	Her face was averted , the curtain of hair concealing her expression from him .
tr	NN	Perhaps he must prove his loyalty first ?
tr	NN	""" You sneaked a butt squeeze past me ."
tr	NN	""" He emptied out the jar before the drawing and put in eighteen pieces of pink paper with Lila 's name on it ."
tr	NNS	Someone had obviously mopped the floors and cleaned the cells , but the air remained rank with the smell of old sweat , urine , and fear .
tr	NN	""" How about I make some hot chocolate ? """
tr	NNS	By the time the truck backed out of the driveway and rumbled down the street , Jen was already unpacking kitchen utensils and thinking about dinner .
tr	NNS	His family name had its black marks and Kathy did live in the rental house .
tr	NN	Then she mentions the pink bird and a small amount of relief washes over me .
tr	NN	"I should have had faith . """
tr	NN	"Neither one of us has had more than one slice of pizza in more than a day . """
tr	NN	""" I read the article and it was masterful , Chase ."
tr	NN	I felt blood trickle from my nose , but I refused to let go .
tr	NN	Can Constance keep up the charade under duress ?
tr	NNS	"Have you found any leads yet ? """
tr	NN	Gen gave a sulky pout but drank the full glass , then dove into the chips .
tr	NN	You used compulsion on her .
tr	NNS	"Then she heard someone yell , "" I see him !"
tr	NN	He gave a little twitch but covered it quickly , so I continued .
tr	NN	Instead the cramps had grown steadily worse , so piercing and constant that she 'd convinced herself she was suffering a miscarriage .
tr	NN	Kyle set a waxy pink cube in front of Pigeon .
tr	NN	On the spur of the moment , I had applied a fortnight before to a government post and , to my consternation , had won it handily .
tr	NN	He pulled out a file with my name on it and placed it neatly on the desk .
tr	NN	No one ever defeated a god .
tr	NN	Why do you need so much protection if God is supposedly watching over you ?
tr	NNS	She pulled down his boxers and smiled like a Cheshire cat .
tr	NN	""" Thank goodness for small mercies ."
tr	NNS	"Malcolm 's family had already cremated the remains of whoever was in that car . """
tr	NNS	""" We combine our ships and strike them one by one . """
tr	NNS	"They took our best pots and made a mess out of the pantry . """
tr	NNS	Typical wolf pack dominance issues , indeed .
tr	NN	It hit the man 's temple perfectly , a spike of pain radiating up my foot as I connected .
tr	NNS	""" One has certain illusions about academia . """
tr	NNS	We spent our last meetings piecing together my memories .
tr	NN	Mad Rogan placed the napkin across his lap .
tr	NNS	' Why , lad , then we 'll go home heroes . '
tr	NNS	He made visible efforts to maintain composure -- a skill he often lacked on the court .
tr	NNS	Managing to convey disappointment and resignation , Thunder ate his carrot chunks and headed out to deliver his mail .
tr	NNS	A significant whole area of the research we fund points to some pretty basic facts about poor eating choices and sedentary lifestyles .
tr	NN	I examined the purple cluster of grapes set atop the Ring .
tr	NNS	With his mother a member of the Senate , they might draw their own conclusions .
tr	NNS	Holly and Rex have their own issues to sort out now .
tr	NNS	Anyone can go thirty yards .
tr	NN	And you toss the wad into a bucket to let it dry ... before taking it somewhere many blocks from here to dispose of .
tr	NN	""" You just follow the rope , and there 's kind of a current ."
tr	NN	Defend the farm ! '
tr	NN	She took a slow blink , and a deep breath as she backed up to the parallel wall of the alley .
tr	NN	Halfway down and on a patch of old snow !
tr	NN	He unbuttoned her blouse with one hand while still holding her against him .
tr	NN	Lizzie suddenly felt an ache in her stomach as she listened to the old man .
tr	NN	Did you swallow a frog ?
tr	NNS	Elijah might have seen several different outcomes , but circumventing the battle altogether hadn 't been one of them .
tr	NNS	The police had several leads but couldn 't comment on them at this time .
tr	NNS	Just make a few little noises every now and then until we get the legal stuff done .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't help but check the plates to make sure it wasn 't his parent 's vehicle .
tr	NN	""" It had a laser rifle ."
tr	NNS	In the 1880s , Pasteur devised methods of immunizing people against diseases by deliberately treating them with weakened forms of the disease-causing organisms themselves .
tr	NNS	""" A red necktie will look gorgeous paired with your black eye and blue cheekbone , Pox . """
tr	NN	""" A scoped rifle and pistol as well , Sir . """
tr	NNS	"They 're keeping his remains there for now , and we can go up when the semester 's over if you 'd like . """
tr	NN	He felt his mother stiffen beside him and knew this was for her benefit more than his .
tr	NN	He attains celebrity status with his evening game of Crazy Cat .
tr	NN	Not for the first time , Pete questioned the logic of continuing to man their post .
tr	NN	That thought too lacked real conviction .
tr	NNS	The Pack had scented a deer and that was a fine meal to chase on a moonlit night .
tr	NNS	Lauren pulled a few dollars out of her jeans and handed it to her friend .
tr	NNS	Then , in the morning , I will cast the runes .
tr	NNS	Still unnerved , they followed the electric leads to the end of the crypt but could find no alarm bell .
tr	NNS	"And I 've picked apples from coast to coast . """
tr	NN	One of the helmets had an officer 's red stripe .
tr	NN	He couldn 't have picked a better phrase .
tr	NN	Sure , we 're not hurting anybody .
tr	NN	They left the apartment block and made their way to the nearby train station .
tr	NNS	"As I have not been able to question any of them directly , I have doubts concerning those tales . """
tr	NN	"What rank did you say you were ? """
tr	NNS	A lot of people blew their noses , sometimes on other people .
tr	NN	Vega cooked turtle stew over the fire and there was little conversation .
tr	NNS	Who 'd see the photographs , read the headline , and think she was posing a question ?
tr	NN	""" They will turn the tide of battle ."
tr	NNS	""" She was wearing the same Marc Jacobs sandals you had on last week ."
tr	NN	""" Gracious as ever , little tyrant . """
tr	NNS	"Tell Conrad your troubles . """
tr	NNS	I read the diaries of the captains in the African slave trade , some of them dating to the Seventeenth Century .
tr	NNS	He had lived centuries and there was no doubt that he could tell the time of night when it was safe to rise .
tr	NNS	People search the lands for abundance and wealth , but the real treasure would be to know and feel a real connection .
tr	NN	""" You mean our little incident on the Midway ? """
tr	NNS	They had discovered the missing funds and assumed Richard did all the stealing .
tr	NN	Sorrow had his own lips tightening .
tr	NN	""" Blake and I found an intruder in the Stone room ."
tr	NNS	My mind was sending the signals but my arms did not respond , hanging limply at my sides .
tr	NNS	Said if I breathed a word to you about her she 'd cut off my balls .
tr	NNS	The other was making shields around the boy to prevent his wielded fires from attacking them .
tr	NNS	She blew out all the candles in the room , then lit them in rapid succession .
tr	NNS	Someone brought candles from the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Blake takes the packs from Francesca and me , and turns to keep an eye on the pedestrians .
tr	NN	Candice picked up a handful of faded multi-colored casual shirts .
tr	NN	""" I 'm attending the reception with you ? """
tr	NN	"It even has the vote of confidence from our father as well . """
tr	NNS	I felt something resting on the small of my back , and I knew without looking that it was the belt .
tr	NNS	In 546 BC , the Achaemenid Persians defeated the local powers and gained control of the region .
tr	NN	Show a little respect .
tr	NN	His voice was strangled , his torment over talking about it apparent .
tr	NNS	Maybe he would have the brains to see it was flat-out undrinkable .
tr	NN	Finally Fellows had obtained a warrant for Waller 's arrest and had gone with his constables to Marylebone to bring him in .
tr	NN	""" Pollock found an actual meteorite ."
tr	NNS	They were unsung heroes even , saving the lives of innocent people by destroying the email .
tr	NN	I pressed the speed dial .
tr	NN	""" We were given a glimpse either into the past , or into an alternate dimension , whatever that means and wherever that is ."
tr	NN	' Sounds like rough justice but it 's senseless that you were gambling that sort of money . '
tr	NNS	James waved off my objections .
tr	NNS	"And nobody chases down scientists , at least not in my thirty years on the force . """
tr	NNS	He dropped two coins into the hand of each guard , then made to pass .
tr	NN	The specks of blood kept landing on her feet and then they started forming letters and then a word .
tr	NN	The main fountain hosted a sculpture of a giant man holding a well-placed pitcher .
tr	NNS	Just because her processor isn 't functioning , doesn 't mean the data that stores her personality is gone .
tr	NNS	""" Grab your tits , baby , and stroke them for me . """
tr	NNS	Ethan smiled thinly and crossed his arms .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances .
tr	NN	She grasped the closest branch and pulled herself up , wiggling out of his arms .
tr	NN	"Her husband got a good grade in school ? """
tr	NNS	Some men were roasting hot dogs over an open pit fire .
tr	NN	""" Ouch , "" he said weakly , which made her laugh ."
tr	NN	The set-up would make a professional drool .
tr	NNS	He 'd passed medical ethics 101 .
tr	NN	""" We know you 're going to scream , mate , "" said the other player to Dickie , "" so try and scream quietly . """
tr	NNS	Hope you like salad sandwiches ?
tr	NN	Lexie tucked a strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	He pulled four envelopes from the receptacle and thumbed through them .
tr	NNS	I 'd caught Lucius off guard by my impromptu attack .
tr	NN	I give you credit for sticking your neck out but , then , you don 't have all that much to lose , do you ?
tr	NN	What the hel is Henry 's problem ?
tr	NNS	I slide the covers off .
tr	NNS	They 'll have all the roads blocked and the airport closed .
tr	NNS	He parted her thighs with a soothing hand and slid himself inside her .
tr	NN	They even cut apart the cardboard moving boxes in the closet .
tr	NNS	She made pretty hair ties for herself and her mother .
tr	NN	Chapter 2 Helen balanced the chocolate cake in one hand while talking on her cell phone with the other .
tr	NNS	A chill went up my thighs , to my belly , where the heat I 'd been tamping for weeks raged .
tr	NN	When I got it opened , I flung the lid back and stared down at the contents inside .
tr	NNS	I don 't use endearing terms with women .
tr	NN	She held a throw pillow to her breast .
tr	NNS	"Most people in the merchant class do not know the dances of the upper class -- especially dances done with royalty . """
tr	NNS	But I was having real doubts about this little girl , ghost thing .
tr	NNS	""" The answer , my dearest Angela Dawson , is one , "" he said viciously ."
tr	NN	""" We must have the talisman ."
tr	NN	Luna picked up the burger from her plate with both hands and took a bite .
tr	NN	""" So , is Hugo your nemesis ? """
tr	NNS	"We join car pools ... "" "" But you have three cars , "" Moses exclaimed ."
tr	NN	Boyle mimicked Fin 's gesture .
tr	NNS	As he waited for the call to go through , he pulled back the drapes and discovered Seattle spread beneath him .
tr	NN	And she had no compulsion to spend like my first wives .
tr	NN	The stark and simple colors brought out the angular perfection of his features .
tr	NNS	Her laughter teased his senses .
tr	NNS	By this precise construction , we obtain the two dimensions which define a Plane -- the one you 're sitting on .
tr	NNS	Three guards took positions outside this cell and he noticed Mariana 's father amongst them .
tr	NNS	She could feel the warm waters of fear on her legs , but her eyes remained rooted upon the approaching figure .
tr	NNS	Long have the kingdoms been in disarray and are not the force they once were .
tr	NN	I 'd been at a mixer pushing publicity for an anthology of short stories .
tr	NNS	Maybe I sent signals and did not follow through on them .
tr	NNS	He 'd noted the changes in her immediately .
tr	NNS	""" Because Brock won three ribbons in swimming for the U.S. team ."
tr	NNS	I 've got hormones .
tr	NNS	Already , she was questioning my motives .
tr	NN	She had gotten her hero into a sticky situation , but could it be any stickier than the one she found herself in ?
tr	NNS	Once there , they found several terminally ill patients .
tr	NNS	"I hate hospitals , "" I say , turning back to look at him , forcing a smile onto my face ."
tr	NNS	"We have the pigeons to communicate . """
tr	NN	Like opening a clinic in Africa ?
tr	NNS	' You put pies upside down in runny peas and then put sauce on them .
tr	NNS	Usually , the pill dulled all areas of the brain except for the one in which the person was naturally most gifted .
tr	NNS	""" A moment ago you questioned my ethics , but more importantly , you questioned my compassion and civility ."
tr	NNS	We kill two birds with one stone this way .
tr	NN	They see their future inheritance dwindling .
tr	NNS	She 'll have the bottom two floors fixed up within a week .
tr	NN	Bethany pulled out an old t-shirt from her bag , wet it in the snow , and began to clean spots of blood from Nathan 's face .
tr	NN	""" Give us some credit for imagination ."
tr	NN	He was just respecting Uriah 's privacy .
tr	NNS	""" Yes , of course ... we could constrain all our patients , "" the doctor responded , "" but we don 't ."
tr	NNS	""" Oh gods . """
tr	NN	Energy eased into me , spilling along my synapses and neurons , gathering to a warm pool in my chi .
tr	NNS	Her eyes sting thinking about those stabbed babies in Belgian .
tr	NNS	"And some see auras every once in a while . """
tr	NNS	I had no motivations for wanting Newman or Haruki dead .
tr	NNS	""" Well , you see , people now want full , human-sized versions of the clothes !"
tr	NNS	Under that ivy , Elaina knew the stone ruins of the Order lurked .
tr	NNS	She pauses , tilting her head in a way that tells me she 's accessing secondary systems .
tr	NNS	Delivered from the leftover waste of his Yeti bodyguards , the lopsided creations with disproportionate limbs had vacant stares until a word from their master .
tr	NNS	""" So the goo keeps the globes from smacking together and cracking ? """
tr	NNS	""" You shouldn 't have stopped the drugs ."
tr	NN	""" Evidently , I make the worst pot roast in the entire universe ."
tr	NN	Ferrero aligned the hem on the third .
tr	NN	Have not brought me a bouquet of fragrant flowers ?
tr	NNS	"I can place certain chemicals with certain places . """
tr	NNS	""" Any arguments between them recently ? """
tr	NNS	She even broke the boards with her bare hand .
tr	NNS	Alcohol bottle had her fingerprints on it : did old guy shoot in self defence against drunken student ?
tr	NNS	""" But now I have all these ... knots in my tummy ."
tr	NN	His nails ripped a deep furrow in her arm .
tr	NNS	Bill made a few more points .
tr	NN	"I read the article , but an hour later when I tried to find it again , it was gone . """
tr	NNS	Nikolai often worked weekends , too , traveling to out of town games with his team .
tr	NNS	If you hadn 't noticed , you didn 't have fangs before you died .
tr	NNS	Some of them had huge dogs on leashes , which were leaping and snarling and showing big yellow teeth .
tr	NNS	"Does this route have diplomatic repercussions ? """
tr	NN	He was sleeping off a hangover in the other room , but he was right .
tr	NN	Donny , Jake , and Chris were left alone in the middle of a ring of giant redwoods , a psycho with a gun somewhere close by .
tr	NNS	Once they were out of sight of any humans , Sasha used his powers to vanish and pop into the doctor 's office on the second floor .
tr	NNS	He pulled up the current weather conditions .
tr	NN	I 've seen you sail , Robbie .
tr	NNS	Right now she needed her wits about her and if this would help , she would gladly partake .
tr	NNS	He inhaled the scents .
tr	NN	At sunrise , he had made his confession to Friar Gregory , heard mass , and partaken of the holy sacrament .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NNS	She held out two carrot chunks .
tr	NN	He remembered the scroll in his tunic and reached in to pull it out .
tr	NN	He gave an amused little shrug .
tr	NNS	Then again , he could always simply fill those silences with kissing .
tr	NN	And she couldn 't channel enough Power to light a candle , let alone fight back .
tr	NN	Could the hippo have swallowed a stereo ?
tr	NNS	One of them involves hospital gowns .
tr	NN	I wore a black Nina Ricci sheath .
tr	NNS	He dared not open his eyes in case he 'd somehow pre-empted his expectations .
tr	NN	I return his glare .
tr	NN	But before a minute or so passed , Ion could feel the effect of whatever spell Mantra was working on take place .
tr	NN	This evening , short of being told what boat they should get on , the men needed no further instruction .
tr	NN	He barely stifled a flinch at her words .
tr	NNS	The sun battled the clouds as the afternoon passed .
tr	NNS	Gretchen knew my difficulties with men better than anyone in recent history .
tr	NN	""" To what do you attribute your success ? """
tr	NNS	"I didn 't come in with it , God damn their lies . """
tr	NNS	Most of all , she didn 't chase the cattle and they didn 't seem afraid of her .
tr	NN	""" Want some advice ? """
tr	NN	Was hanging around Maya so much having an effect on him ?
tr	NN	Another African climbed up the stair in the open bomb bay door .
tr	NNS	"Jesus , he could probably pick up some pebbles in the park for her to arrange in her "" feng bloody shui "" corner ."
tr	NNS	She didn 't give him directions , and she didn 't bother to offer them .
tr	NN	"Herr Meyer has taken a liking to her . """
tr	NNS	"I 'm having T-shirts made . """
tr	NNS	And Merry made the best steak pies he 'd ever tasted .
tr	NNS	Have you got the uniforms and the equipment ? '
tr	NN	""" That Dario uses poetry to get at girls . """
tr	NN	I exchange my candle for Toby 's little silver cup , and I wedge myself into the windowsill , bumping my head on the eave .
tr	NN	After only an instant of surprised hesitation , she gave equal measure .
tr	NN	God hear the attitude on me !
tr	NNS	A swirling column of vapor extended yards into the sky and advanced for the stretch of dock between them and her father .
tr	NNS	His gruff whisper caused the hairs on her nape to lift .
tr	NN	She snagged a towel and scrubbed briskly .
tr	NNS	Its glowing rays falling over me , I activated the cameras in my apartment .
tr	NNS	She flitted off , left hand pressed delicately to her bosom .
tr	NNS	She was murmuring prayers for five minutes when she heard some creaking on the steps .
tr	NNS	"Not a lot of fourteen-year-old girls have the balls to throw themselves in front of an SUV to save their sister , either . """
tr	NN	He gave me a sad smirk .
tr	NN	They recently got a shipment in , and we 'd like to borrow that shipment with no intention of returning it .
tr	NN	""" I-I want your cock . """
tr	NN	He no longer had a steady flow of people he could steal from to sell for drugs , alcohol or sex .
tr	NN	Much more probably he had - left the valley on foot and carried the punt with him .
tr	NN	Her off hand held a pistol , and she shot down two more guards as I watched .
tr	NNS	""" I know these lands intimately , as you do not ."
tr	NNS	"You must understand the fears that are associated with the last time a numbered individual wanted Joan alone . """
tr	NN	At least she didn 't hurt anybody .
tr	NN	"Perhaps you should take up an instrument . """
tr	NN	They crossed a junction .
tr	NNS	His mouth hovered inches from hers , so that she could feel the warmth of his breath on her skin .
tr	NNS	Overhead the storm clouds were gathering , a dark ominous portent of things to come .
tr	NN	"Perhaps I should have bought you jewelry after all . """
tr	NNS	""" I 'd say more than two packs a day . """
tr	NN	Though one of the smallest of the training group , Jones had earned a reputation for toughness early on .
tr	NNS	They might as well skip the motions of going through the trial and just tell him his sentence .
tr	NNS	"She threw back the covers and said , "" Let 's go get your sister and see if we can find some breakfast . """
tr	NNS	Not that Tam had developed any illusions that Cain was anything more than a pretty monster like Jack .
tr	NN	She felt a pang , as she always did when she remembered sitting those last days with her stepdad in the hospital .
tr	NN	Does 156 one of you guys have a compact ?
tr	NNS	One by one , he discarded his blades .
tr	NNS	He 's also only wearing his boxer briefs , and his bracelets and rubber bands .
tr	NNS	""" You have your bathing suits on ?"
tr	NNS	Once I squeezed inside , I had only a few inches of free space above me and on either side .
tr	NN	He 's taken all the credit for the financial turnaround in our division .
tr	NN	Kimberly pretty much matched Jon 's version of things action for action .
tr	NN	He delivered the instruction for the engines to be shut down .
tr	NN	Ella balled up her napkin and leaned forward on her elbows .
tr	NN	And you have always carried a heavy mantle of rage about you .
tr	NNS	The woman who was convinced she had no skills , no talents and no prospects , now headed a huge party business .
tr	NN	Salvatore quickly took the pistol from his grasp and pointed it at him .
tr	NNS	"We don 't need robots , that 's all . """
tr	NN	It doesn 't completely get Cash off my brain , but it helps .
tr	NN	But if you want me to , I 'll get custody of you again just as soon as I can .
tr	NN	With the gigantic cat panting at my heels , I yank open the top drawer .
tr	NN	Why was Augusta keeping a file on me ?
tr	NNS	The Lady of the Mountains had created the settings showing how beautiful the Garden of Eden must have been with the close relationship to God .
tr	NNS	"They 've had centuries to create accent and pattern , if not actual dialect . """
tr	NNS	He 'd made his apologies to Seth and had taken a few minutes to share his blood rose experience with him .
tr	NN	He made Skyler a believer without any hidden compulsion .
tr	NN	""" I have a second sin ? """
tr	NNS	She was no longer running blindly and scared out of her mind .
tr	NN	On the other hand , maybe Amy accidentally shot the fox one day while practicing with a bow .
tr	NN	As she watched impatiently , the raft was slowly righted , the next wagon now moving forward .
tr	NNS	I sweep up the cards and shuffle them back into the deck .
tr	NNS	Some were extending their misty ribbons to the people , pulling them into their spells .
tr	NN	"Detective Larry added his input , "" But don 't travel Route 4 at night ! """
tr	NN	Looking to his right , Sean spied a maintenance worker pushing a snow shovel along the sidewalk next to the building .
tr	NN	Should I tap the lawyer on the shoulder and whisper the truth about Dad working undercover ?
tr	NNS	To be honest , she enjoyed the nightmares more .
tr	NN	I leaned back my towel , the heat of the hot sand seeping through it , and let the sounds of the beach wash over me .
tr	NN	But then Granny lifted up the box lid and a big heap of fluffy green and pink material popped out .
tr	NNS	Adrienne shared several classes with Kevin and liked him as a person ; nothing more .
tr	NN	She let out a groan .
tr	NNS	"Black would match my sandals . """
tr	NNS	I can feel the butterflies returning to my stomach as I offer a silent prayer up that everything will go as well as the first .
tr	NNS	He is balancing two trays with his left arm , and his back pack and a bag of chips in the right .
tr	NN	Steep cliffs surrounded the valley in a continuous circular ridge .
tr	NNS	It left tracks in the cement of the interstate , tracks so deep I could not see the bottoms .
tr	NN	Her glasses overpower her small frame .
tr	NN	But I can still feel a little lonely , hollow ache inside my chest .
tr	NN	Tracy found a refrigerator in a lunchroom that had cold pizza .
tr	NN	Even through the darkness , the Wall of Flame was visible , a curtain of orange and red .
tr	NN	She purses her lips and taps her umbrella on the ground like a cane .
tr	NN	I started digging through my purse .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a blue sundress and had a smile of pure joy on her face .
tr	NN	It stopped the mech from giving off a full alarm , quickly disabling it .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't have romantic designs on me .
tr	NN	The words ' Vote for Amber Hicks , A Gem of a Homecoming Queen ' bordered a crown centered on the paper .
tr	NNS	She shifted her buttocks and he stirred back to life .
tr	NNS	""" I 'll take my chances . """
tr	NNS	She was seeing criminals even in her fiance .
tr	NNS	He alternated long strokes of his tongue with quick , biting kisses , always avoiding the tiny swollen bud that craved his attention .
tr	NN	Nick let a small smile stretch across his face .
tr	NN	He secures his bat beneath his arm .
tr	NNS	When he was a kid , he 'd fished these waters with his uncle , and , frankly , he 'd had his share of fishing .
tr	NN	""" You ever heard of the World War Two bomber that was found in 1959 in the middle of the Libyan desert ?"
tr	NNS	""" In that case we should make other arrangements . """
tr	NNS	Nobody noticed his quick movements .
tr	NNS	A distance of six feet reduced my changes of effectively neutralizing him .
tr	NNS	"That would cause worse emotional repercussions than it would if I did it . """
tr	NNS	I will tell tales of the cowardly king and how the band of the fox overthrew King Richard and brought hope to the people .
tr	NN	I opened his dresser and pulled out a pair of pajamas .
tr	NN	He would gladly follow his advice .
tr	NNS	All that mattered was Kellan 's hands on her , his breath warm and moist on her throat , fangs pressing deliciously against her willing flesh .
tr	NN	I heard the front door slam .
tr	NNS	""" All you have to do is scoop out the messes and then we 'll come in and lay fresh straw . """
tr	NN	He was wearing a white undershirt and white boxer shorts .
tr	NN	Got ta give Courtney credit ... the girl knows her shit .
tr	NNS	""" And if you don 't put zat ' at on , I 'm telling tales of you to Madame Rossini ! """
tr	NNS	"How can I know his motives , his intent ? """
tr	NNS	One jury gives the plaintiff a million bucks .
tr	NNS	Does he have any special powers ?
tr	NNS	One of those profs who stops talking , stares at you and waits until you get to your seat if you 're late .
tr	NNS	It pretty much followed the waters of the Arkansas River as it took them through Walnut and right up to the front gates of Fort Atkinson .
tr	NN	He is conveying to me the extent of his injuries .
tr	NN	The girl working beside her had emptied her basket twice when JC made her first trip across the field .
tr	NNS	"They got good dogs over there . """
tr	NN	He swerved the Humvee sharply and Brandon groaned from the back .
tr	NNS	"I 've had my suspicions . """
tr	NN	The moment I felt her body against me , I began a chant in my head : You love Jessica .
tr	NN	- Theo felt a cool breeze against his face as they left the gig .
tr	NN	"Face it , Zack , the cub has more intelligence than you and your father combined . """
tr	NNS	It creates all sorts of problems .
tr	NNS	Arms flailing , thrashing and elbowing her male captors , as she screamed , searching for a chance to escape .
tr	NN	When she got there , she let out her war yell !
tr	NN	""" Perfect timing . """
tr	NNS	Clay heard no roaring diesel engines in the background , no blasting .
tr	NN	He pulled the pillow away from my face .
tr	NN	If you were wondering , a piezoelectric cell can make electricity just by having pressure applied to it .
tr	NN	""" From assistant to buyer in just a few months ."
tr	NNS	His ps , gs , and ys showed longer vertical strokes than usual .
tr	NN	He grimaced his distaste at her exaggeration .
tr	NN	Heather hired a lawyer , but we knew she wasn 't going to get off easy .
tr	NNS	The Pack had seven offices in Atlanta and the surrounding area and every single one of those would have clean windows .
tr	NNS	""" Well then , that 's living arrangements sorted ."
tr	NN	Thank goodness it worked that time .
tr	NN	""" I 'll call a nurse , make them give you something for -- "" "" In a minute . """
tr	NN	She deposits a pancake onto Suri 's plate like she 's Martha frigging Stewart .
tr	NN	Finally they reached an archway of stone that opened out into a small square .
tr	NNS	I left Ethan 's apartments and closed the door behind me .
tr	NNS	I will take food and water supplies into the location with me .
tr	NNS	I gave him directions to Beck 's and prayed he 'd make it that far .
tr	NN	I toss my backpack down .
tr	NNS	"When you get your little boyfriend , don 't forget my other fifty bucks . """
tr	NN	Wrestling convention required the loser to exit second , when the television cameras are off , but the audience is still present .
tr	NNS	' Soon a gentle light stole over the heavens and gave me a sensation of pleasure .
tr	NN	Max noticed my demeanor .
tr	NN	"You can 't sell the Mustang . """
tr	NNS	Still , I have a few serviceable robots and we can set a decent table .
tr	NN	At some point , I had made the transition from living at home to just boarding in his house .
tr	NNS	I studied his activities .
tr	NN	"The doors had a huge star on them that read "" Marcos . """
tr	NNS	Each wall holds protective spells written in deep black phrases and characters .
tr	NN	She pulled a cloth across her lap and tapped his left leg .
tr	NNS	In the distance , I saw fireflies twinkling in the trees and could smell the fresh scents of summer .
tr	NN	Immigration handed Brady 's passport to the man .
tr	NN	He traded out a t-shirt for shoulder and chest padding .
tr	NNS	The ship fired its emergency engines and flew a quick path into the heart of the fighters .
tr	NN	""" Of course I have an attitude !"
tr	NNS	The clean scent of soap and the warm softness of her skin saturated his senses .
tr	NNS	I checked the items and then the price .
tr	NNS	The undertow of nagging , unspoken dread in him swallowed all attempts at concentrated rage .
tr	NNS	The warriors left the three canoes along the shore of the village and made their way back on foot to safety .
tr	NN	Eve didn 't have a prayer of going back to sleep now .
tr	NN	Blood and dirt smeared the torn linen .
tr	NN	Leaning over the basin , I let the blood drip as I peered into the mirror .
tr	NNS	"Chapter 14 "" They 're gathering allies ."
tr	NN	If I could write one song that a major publisher wanted , I could write a dozen .
tr	NNS	""" Or I will recall my clockwork servants and have them crush the throats of your two friends until they are dead ."
tr	NNS	A dead body had been discovered , just blocks from Arthur 's rented room , a possible third victim of the Orchid Killer .
tr	NNS	Not only had I taken self-defense classes , but I 'd learned how to fire both a rifle and a handgun .
tr	NN	When she ventured a look over her shoulder , she could see Chancey 's scowl as he tottered back to the helm .
tr	NNS	"He doesn 't need your stupid jokes . """
tr	NNS	The Justice decided that discretion was the better part of valour , the barristers exchanged shots , missed , and returned to the court .
tr	NNS	And the idea of one coming so close to the house had all the Wardens in a tizzy .
tr	NN	There was only one organization harboring such a vendetta against Sigma .
tr	NN	I 'd never had such a childish shouting match as this with anyone , except possibly my sister .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and tried to steady my nerves .
tr	NNS	Chapter 9 Dawson didn 't need directions to Beth 's house , but he went through the motions of asking for them anyway .
tr	NNS	They used water marks and shapes in the soil strata to place the parts .
tr	NN	I felt a grudging respect for him temper the budding hatred I 'd been nurturing .
tr	NNS	She opened her senses and studied the front steps .
tr	NNS	I have never bought roses for anyone before , you know .
tr	NN	"Especially while I 'm shoveling cake into my mouth . """
tr	NNS	She would offer no objections .
tr	NNS	She would tease any man 's senses .
tr	NNS	"I can 't give up all my tricks yet . """
tr	NN	Bax lifted the pillow up and I could hear Marcus 's sucking breaths from where I was standing .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the tow truck had a backseat so they could all fit inside .
tr	NNS	While she was away , I avoided the mirrors , preferring to wait until the dress was on for the full effect .
tr	NN	Despite my frilly dresses and bright colors , even I saw my resemblance to boys my age .
tr	NN	Next week , he would be taking the college entrance exam , but he knew he already would get placement .
tr	NNS	The mook managed a few good shots ( again , are there ever any bad ones in a book like this ? )
tr	NNS	After a few minutes , she handed Jon two cards , and smiled .
tr	NNS	""" Oh gods ! """
tr	NN	Then Cassie heard a crunching beneath her shoes .
tr	NN	Instead , I picked up a gold statue of a pharaoh .
tr	NNS	That guy was at the table , reading , two others were at that table playing cards .
tr	NNS	They walked a few paces away .
tr	NNS	""" Because they were not able to manage firms and a secular life as well as the others ? """
tr	NNS	Or more accurately Jas got stares .
tr	NNS	He 'd already shaken her defenses .
tr	NN	The dog was licking chocolate from the Ogre 's hand .
tr	NN	A minute later he had her pinned to the bed once more clawing at her clothing , mumbling with a thick tongue .
tr	NN	Quickly she closed up her revolver , with only one chamber reloaded , and snapped a quick shot at him .
tr	NN	It took all his willpower not to thrust against her .
tr	NN	""" Bring me a Bombay martini on the rocks with three olives . """
tr	NNS	Why did he use such strange terms ?
tr	NN	How the hell could they trace that leak ?
tr	NNS	Given that he had pursued me so hard in the beginning , his lack of effort now spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	An outside observer would have seen two disks , flying at close to 800 miles per hour whispering across the water .
tr	NNS	His skin reddened then grew scales .
tr	NN	Not to accept any fate , unless it was the one I chose .
tr	NN	said the hobbit , too surprised to ask any questions for the moment .
tr	NNS	Maggie put down the mushrooms and stared out to the Mediterranean .
tr	NN	""" My lady , "" he murmured , bowing his head , "" you have a visitor . """
tr	NNS	Tonight , her two sisters wore their green bridesmaid gowns , his groomsmen in tuxedos .
tr	NN	"I dare take any leap when she is not near ; but I do it and don 't tell her about it . """
tr	NN	Wow , she had an effect on men .
tr	NNS	"Old houses are living museums , "" she said passionately ."
tr	NNS	She even rubbed her temples against the walls .
tr	NN	She used her short height to her advantage .
tr	NNS	Will you blind yourselves to the undeniable truth that we are greater beings than them ?
tr	NN	Harkin took the measure of the available troops , and decided against approaching the target .
tr	NNS	We do not have any supplies !
tr	NNS	I remembered slow steady breaths .
tr	NN	""" So , for instance , Mr. Oliver , "" Marshall directs his speech towards Gage ."
tr	NN	At first light , a light fog covered the Sabine River valley .
tr	NN	""" She offered no argument , but she 's not happy about it ."
tr	NN	Bartholomew has a sum of 250 points .
tr	NN	Irene gave a little shrug .
tr	NNS	"I 've been taking classes . """
tr	NNS	She had no expectations and apparently no friends .
tr	NN	Arriving at the front door , she saw no doorbell or door knocker .
tr	NN	""" Anyway , I have a proposal for the meeting in two days ."
tr	NNS	His head went backwards , but he kept his balance .
tr	NNS	I 'll make arrangements with a dairy for the milk and you can look for suppliers for the other ingredients .
tr	NNS	""" Yes , they also eat oats , straw , carrots and apples . """
tr	NN	""" Do you have any advice ?"
tr	NN	He had no warrant , no probable cause , and no permission to search .
tr	NNS	Maybe he would only wear boxers .
tr	NNS	This slide skimmed inches over the metal surface .
tr	NNS	""" Do they usually take maids from agencies ? """
tr	NN	"Hold your liquor ! """
tr	NNS	"And you won 't find any tricks because there weren 't any . """
tr	NN	"But I don 't get the fingernail . """
tr	NN	I 'd never seen anyone style their hair that way before .
tr	NN	She checked her wristwatch .
tr	NN	Skinny handed the other his rifle , pulled out a pistol , and with it in hand boarded the boat .
tr	NN	She heard his deep groan , felt his seed pulse and then spill out , but he didn 't cease , didn 't grow softer .
tr	NNS	She brought up appropriate subjects such as the weather , and stayed far away from anything that might induce another onslaught of tears .
tr	NN	""" How did you break the trance ? """
tr	NN	Although the basics are provided , many of them must learn a trade to live a decent life .
tr	NN	""" Can I get a slice of pie ? """
tr	NNS	The two exchanged their greetings .
tr	NN	He barely controlled a shudder as she blinked wide-eyed up at him .
tr	NN	The chemist was losing a fortune on him because of me !
tr	NN	I like your furniture , remember ?
tr	NN	Jim raised a small wicker basket .
tr	NNS	Now , his apartment complex had some big bugs .
tr	NNS	Eris ' arm only went a few centimeters past her elbow before disappearing into the wide black mouth of the gauntlet 's forearm .
tr	NN	""" Margaret would like instruction ."
tr	NN	""" Pay off my debt ? """
tr	NN	Now , I consider a third option I have not weighed in a while .
tr	NN	""" How can you read that crap on this plane ? """
tr	NN	"She made no protest that she could do it on her own , just said , "" Thank you , "" which made Tully worry ."
tr	NN	I remembered the statue .
tr	NNS	She resumed the sword movements in front of his face .
tr	NN	I could feel his temper heating from across the room .
tr	NNS	He wore large , black gauges in his ears , and tattoos covered every inch of skin I could see from his jawline down .
tr	NN	I took Caleb 's place pacing behind the sofa in hopes to calm the jitters from the magic caused .
tr	NNS	"Lou gives Krista the shots herself . """
tr	NN	"Follow the bird . """
tr	NNS	""" I 've given you more than enough chances to prove yourselves ."
tr	NN	She licked his shaft and explored his crown .
tr	NN	I bumped my hip into his .
tr	NN	She hopped off the dresser .
tr	NN	He saw only a graceful frame , and easy , efficient movements that indicated both alertness and strength .
tr	NN	He oozed an almost unnatural masculine sexuality .
tr	NN	He used his bat to deflect a stone that would have struck her in the back .
tr	NN	""" You look spectacular , "" he said appreciatively , his eyes traversing my figure at least twice ."
tr	NNS	Oh , and the dogs like you .
tr	NN	""" If left to me , "" she whispered , "" I would throw caution to the wind and then we would both be lost . """
tr	NN	They didn 't even say goodnight .
tr	NN	They bag the dead bat and anteater in plastic bags and add them to the collection .
tr	NNS	Holding them both at her wrists with only one of his hands , the other tickled her ribs until she cackled like a toddler .
tr	NNS	Only I can order my bugs to willingly release their hosts .
tr	NNS	Rage fueled his movements as he jerked off his leather apron .
tr	NN	The prince watched the man 's scarlet cloak spilling out behind him .
tr	NNS	"When we dumped our bags back at the house I didn 't unzip the side pockets . """
tr	NN	You take great joy in those things , and you should never be ashamed of that .
tr	NNS	How would that expose the priests ?
tr	NN	""" I was just teasing honey , of course I do !"
tr	NNS	We have allies in the College of Cardinals , some powerful .
tr	NN	""" Probably shouldn 't have inhaled half a pizza , then . """
tr	NN	How could anyone leave such a precious little gem behind ?
tr	NN	"Maybe a rope , or an arrow . """
tr	NN	With a smile , she plucked the cherry from her glass , turning back to Jax , her tongue flicking out to slowly caress the red cherry .
tr	NN	""" One of Franklin 's many jobs is maintaining the household plumbing ."
tr	NNS	And all the while , he was gathering up items for a cause he knew was wrong .
tr	NNS	His head popped up a few shelves over .
tr	NN	"We 're already running the BP operation in Moscow , too , not to mention our defector friends here . """
tr	NN	She evidently did function , even if she didn 't remember anything she said or did during the next hours .
tr	NN	Evan grabbed his crossbow and quiver and strapped them to his back again , then twisted around and jumped off the wall into the alleyway below .
tr	NNS	I had told the servants to ready my black chainmail , weapons , and warhorse just in case .
tr	NN	She hadn 't even considered that possibility .
tr	NNS	""" The second column gives the current counts by location . """
tr	NN	As Sandra uttered this last word , she gave a nip and a tug on Thomas ' arm .
tr	NN	As the giant wave of energy had passed through , it had excited the software into activation .
tr	NNS	Elizabeth instinctively clenched her thighs to hold the wetness between them .
tr	NNS	Their house costs millions of dollars , were they to sell it today , and is probably on the historical architecture listings .
tr	NN	"Bread only dampens the effect . """
tr	NNS	"Didn 't Mike give you directions ? """
tr	NN	""" Lucy , you get the towel ."
tr	NN	Once I had a good grip , I grabbed the rope that opened the gate and got ready to pull it .
tr	NNS	I sank my fangs into her soft flesh and drank deep .
tr	NN	""" Well , you gave me quite a fright ! """
tr	NNS	A high fever can play all sorts of tricks .
tr	NN	I 'd actually chosen my outfit with care , knowing I 'd be able to hide the weapons I might need with relative ease .
tr	NN	have you read howl 's moving castle ?
tr	NNS	The Stearman clan made the best ships in the solar system .
tr	NNS	Hungry , the flames flare , casting a brighter glow and illuminating Jesse 's profile , his eyelashes long and thick .
tr	NN	She lifted her saddle and threw it on Snow .
tr	NN	"Tristan , please come retrieve this document for your team . """
tr	NNS	Jacob 's features turn worrisome as he stares upon his sister .
tr	NNS	But she had connections .
tr	NNS	Newton read the labels beneath the buttons .
tr	NN	Horace waved the feather duster around in a figure eight .
tr	NN	I crack my knuckles against the table and then pop my neck .
tr	NNS	""" They wrote careful descriptions of the land around the river ."
tr	NN	"But the werewolves survived the blast . """
tr	NNS	Either confusion had slowed his reactions , or I 'd suddenly become faster than the average werewolf .
tr	NNS	To date , the headmaster had never mentioned Thomas 's living arrangements .
tr	NN	I chose a neutral color scheme : soft blues , beige , and white .
tr	NN	"After several seconds , he looked at the others and said , "" They 're ordering a full evacuation to the underground facilities . """
tr	NNS	""" I have seven sisters ."
tr	NN	"I 'll set up an appointment for you . """
tr	NNS	Bullets tore chunks out of the boulders just over their heads .
tr	NN	Now I greet the nurse at the waiting room 's window , then settle down into my usual chair and look around .
tr	NNS	Pierce learned techniques in stalking prey ; within the forests on the manor grounds and by following unsuspecting townspeople in Rooks Bay .
tr	NNS	She held out her palms .
tr	NN	I haven 't seen a glimpse of any of you in weeks .
tr	NN	He inserted a tape in the player .
tr	NN	I open the nearest dresser drawer , grab a pair of thick flannel pants , and shove them in her hands .
tr	NNS	""" Give the palms to your mother and grandmother and they will be under the illusion that you are with them . """
tr	NNS	They might have more developed powers than ours ! '
tr	NNS	My eyes moved over the lace topped stockings that ran up her thighs as she bent down .
tr	NNS	""" It may not allow dragons , but I can assure you dragons are in there somewhere ."
tr	NN	She felt the prick of tears .
tr	NN	""" No dragon can break past plastic ."
tr	NNS	He could hear Shirley 's wolves , the rest of his guards and the Star Cove Pack howling and snapping from the other side .
tr	NN	She hadn 't touched the slice of pizza on her plate or her can of soda .
tr	NNS	He needed a few distractions .
tr	NNS	He pulled aside the covers , and she crawled into bed fully clothed .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods that Aiden was driving because I would 've plowed through the wreckage on the first narrow turn .
tr	NN	But that clearly hadn 't cramped his style .
tr	NNS	She was showing the same vast emptiness that Carissa had when she 'd been in my bedroom .
tr	NN	""" Here , I didn 't need this , "" she said and dropped the wad of cash he 'd given her two days ago ."
tr	NNS	""" If you just let us go , I can give you a thousand dollars . """
tr	NN	But to make matters worse , his brethren held no respect for him .
tr	NNS	He and Rachel were consenting adults , and whatever they chose to do together ... her throat closed up and she took a long drink of mead .
tr	NNS	She had chic lettuce wraps .
tr	NNS	Find authors you admire and read everything .
tr	NN	But what the boys found most amazing was that in front of each building stood a children 's playground .
tr	NNS	"I 'm not taking any chances . """
tr	NN	He checked the clock on his phone , which was sitting on the table in front of him .
tr	NNS	Occasionally he would point out items of interest in a somber voice , like the world 's most depressed tour guide .
tr	NNS	He dug his fingernails into his mouth , trying to claw the look off his face , but it was frozen in place .
tr	NN	She felt some measure of power in denying her husband 's orders , especially when she read in their faces that they would never dare the same .
tr	NN	""" How did you get this dagger ? """
tr	NNS	""" Hell 's fire , there are healing spells already holding those muscles and bone together . """
tr	NN	As the elevator arrived and the doors opened , Gray gave him a thumbnail sketch of the story .
tr	NN	John watched the quartermaster as he took Thomas Davis by the arm , escorting him below deck .
tr	NN	""" I see my juice like that . """
tr	NNS	Around the edges , Winterville had buildings made of brick and stone , towering compared with the homey structures I had admired in Salvation .
tr	NN	Well , he 'd calmed many a mare for both riding and servicing , and he knew just how to go about it .
tr	NN	His robust laugh mocked the charade of seriousness at the table , but Kate knew he was more dangerous than maybe even Slade gave him credit for .
tr	NN	""" May I invaded the inner sanctuary of Warrior football ? """
tr	NN	He speared a pineapple chunk and popped it into his mouth .
tr	NN	""" Nice try honey , but it only works if its true love . """
tr	NN	"Rick felt a sudden pang of guilt , "" Pause the TV , please , T. "" The image froze ."
tr	NN	You 'll feel the lower oxygen .
tr	NNS	One of the Welsh lords had some scrolls and this was with them .
tr	NNS	He has smelled the other dogs , along the road , upon the bushes , in the air .
tr	NN	"Besides , I 'm taking the motorcycle . """
tr	NNS	My mate has three babies back at the nest , and I 'm supposed to be out looking for seeds to feed them .
tr	NN	I swallowed a lump in my throat and tried to speak but my mouth was too dry .
tr	NNS	She normally did her deliveries at the end of her shift but there was a funeral she had to get her biggest order to .
tr	NN	' Hand over your cargo and I promise you that you won 't be killed all in one go . '
tr	NN	""" You didn 't have much faith in me , did you ? """
tr	NN	I had a sudden realization .
tr	NNS	Surely no one would speak out evil lies against me .
tr	NN	He now had a roster of merely three , and they were the meek and boot licking three at that .
tr	NNS	They can 't learn tricks by incentive , or be treated as domestic pets .
tr	NN	His voice had a rumbling quality to it that was deepened by his sleep .
tr	NNS	"Thankfully , Blake , Vincent , and I have already found matrimonial bliss earlier this year , but there is one more . """
tr	NNS	He didn 't have any sweats or shorts to run in .
tr	NNS	The actions of one board affect the actions of the other .
tr	NN	""" You gratify our faith in you , Father de la Croix . """
tr	NN	He watched her carefully , another curious detail that didn 't fit with her party girl image .
tr	NN	Then he moved the small cloth he had for the camera 's protection and pulled out a Glock 17 .
tr	NNS	At least , they wore white coats , surgical masks , and sterile caps .
tr	NN	Pregnancy had given her coppery hair , always her best feature anyway , a new shine .
tr	NNS	Most of those who worked the outposts did not wear their dive suits inside their living quarters .
tr	NN	I can hear the disgust with himself in his voice .
tr	NNS	I know my clients .
tr	NN	""" At least he gave me a discount . """
tr	NNS	When the necessities of existence reached a certain fierce tempo , they shorted out their own internal connections .
tr	NN	"Bring that other comforter with you . """
tr	NNS	I hadn 't met the fey queens , of course , but the stories I 'd heard about them told me everything I needed to know .
tr	NNS	Abandoning my boat , I led my own dolphins over to join the rest .
tr	NNS	It didn 't make the cravings for her kiss , for her touch , go away .
tr	NN	The steps had reached the landing .
tr	NNS	To predict the movements of one we cannot detect , we must predict the movements of those closest to him .
tr	NN	Suddenly , in the barn , music could be heard : a jaunty little tune played on a lyre .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't tell me the swarms have auditory sensors , too . """
tr	NN	I finished the cake and tea and said I had better get on with the job .
tr	NN	She grabbed her pen and clipboard and jotted a few things down .
tr	NNS	I loved old houses but I think Ms. Thompson might have ruined this one for me .
tr	NN	He scoops up a wing and takes a large bite .
tr	NN	She adjusted her backpack , lifted her other leg and then ran away from the scene as fast as her legs could carry her .
tr	NNS	"You don 't even have pans . """
tr	NNS	He helped his mother pour some of it into washing pans for each of their visitors , then placed the pans in front of their visitors .
tr	NNS	""" I have several coats hanging in there , and the linen closet with extra blankets is just this side of the laundry ."
tr	NN	Clarice pulled out a nail file and started nervously sawing on her pinkie .
tr	NN	She didn 't have enough imagination to make all this up .
tr	NN	You had cream in the fridge .
tr	NNS	"I 'm presenting closing arguments in court this morning . """
tr	NNS	"Say around eleven ? """
tr	NNS	I might desire Lucius , but I resented him , too .
tr	NN	David had his vest , too .
tr	NNS	He had five sons , all grown , and a wife , Carol , who was in the beginning stages of dementia .
tr	NNS	Next morning we put the cats and their paraphernalia back into the car .
tr	NNS	Then we would have exclusive rights to this technology , which is going to revolutionize textile manufacturing .
tr	NNS	Skeletal corpses filled the hallways .
tr	NN	""" Pizza , cookie dough ice cream , wine , and girls . """
tr	NN	An hour later , they had transferred all the intelligence they could carry onto the patrol ship .
tr	NNS	Hailey got beers for all of us .
tr	NN	He picked up the rag where Christina had left it and set himself to finishing the task of polishing the bar .
tr	NN	# Steven entered the diner , on schedule , and sat in his booth .
tr	NN	The sky glows a light purple .
tr	NN	Instead of speaking , the three men and three women above simply gave him the thumbs-up , a sign that was evidently universal .
tr	NN	"I 've never seen that style of blade before . """
tr	NNS	He didn 't like surprises .
tr	NN	Unexpectedly , the Scribe produced a dagger and handed it to her .
tr	NN	She enjoyed the lure of the bright lights and handsome men .
tr	NN	His whisper , combined with a gentle nip to her ear lobe prompted a sensual moan from her sending arousing tingles shooting through his body .
tr	NNS	They minimize their own assets and accomplishments while maximizing their own perceived flaws and imperfections .
tr	NN	Turning to the black lacquered box that had been left for her earlier , Eve lifted the hinged lid with its inlaid ivory cross and rummaged inside .
tr	NNS	' Keeping tabs on me ? '
tr	NNS	""" Many lost their crops to the mud and damp . """
tr	NNS	""" Sorry about the silverware , Sara didn 't do the dishes , so we grabbed the clean stuff and ran . """
tr	NN	""" Terminate the hologram !"
tr	NN	The Gypsy 's laugh stiffened Tara 's spine more , if that was possible .
tr	NNS	She packed her sewing supplies up in a box and scooted it under the table .
tr	NN	""" You have a visitor , dear . """
tr	NN	Trevor checked his equipment with the most thunderous drum roll he could manage on his beginners ' - sized set .
tr	NNS	"A strong consort would double my chances . """
tr	NN	""" I had ice cream , remember ? """
tr	NN	Cameron pulled back the curtain of his neighbor 's front window and looked at his home .
tr	NN	"As far as they 're concerned , I 've been doing the entire cheerleading squad since I was fourteen . """
tr	NN	"But it might have the opposite effect . """
tr	NN	"Avery nodded all seriousness , took a drink and said , "" It was all that gray haired guy ."
tr	NNS	With the silence came no distractions and with no distractions came no excuses .
tr	NN	I wrapped the towel around my waist , spraying on some cologne .
tr	NN	""" We 've got bigger fish to fry here , Big John ."
tr	NNS	We all have different powers .
tr	NN	Josef gave a little shudder .
tr	NN	Time lost all meaning .
tr	NNS	""" You can 't trace addresses through them ."
tr	NNS	Taking several deep breaths and another sip of what was now cold coffee , she swallowed her excuses and nodded weakly .
tr	NNS	Cassie lit the final four candles , one at each compass point , and closed the circle with her dagger .
tr	NN	""" I have ascertained the vibration rate of all the materials of which their war engines whose remains we have collected together are composed ."
tr	NNS	Pandora and Marlon closed their mouths and simply looked at each other , no doubt carrying the conversation on inside their heads .
tr	NN	Just to torture myself , I Googled the Black Hand again .
tr	NNS	"In fact , they have unlimited funds to fight these cases with . """
tr	NNS	She would face her fears and ask him to give their relationship a try .
tr	NNS	I made arrangements with Tara to come back and debrief us once we were unpacked and settled in .
tr	NNS	"I love dogs . """
tr	NNS	He smiled , and took over the movement , bucking me up and down , his hands gripping my thighs .
tr	NNS	As Pharaohs , we were both considered gods by our people .
tr	NN	Looking up my body he bit my inner thigh and I jumped a little .
tr	NN	As the chairman , I call a vote .
tr	NNS	He enters his numbers for her .
tr	NN	He 'd never once thought about trying to get away with not telling her he 'd set up this whole sham of a marriage .
tr	NN	Crossing her arms , she gave him the impression she was trying to hug herself , or protect herself from some sort of emotional turmoil .
tr	NN	That would make a good impression on a prospective client .
tr	NN	Sarah ran a hand playfully down his arm .
tr	NN	""" I 've had quite enough responsibility ."
tr	NNS	"Among other things , it can trigger hallucinations and nightmares . """
tr	NN	He wore a black t-shirt tucked into his black pants with his belly overlapping his belt .
tr	NN	I removed the lid and added sugar and milk while she shook cinnamon over her latte .
tr	NN	Besides not having any fuel , the airline industry couldn 't fill an airplane with business flyers or customers who could or would pay the price .
tr	NN	She 'd attended her ten-year reunion , but had felt awkward and out of place .
tr	NNS	I press my palms against the smooth satin of my dress , trying to tell the butterflies to settle once again .
tr	NN	These powers take effect only when one of the PCs miss them .
tr	NNS	She opened the living-room drapes just in time to watch a bolt of lightning rip apart the night .
tr	NNS	The thick feel of him holding her , even like this , made her breathless .
tr	NNS	Their Body Guard mistook Xavier 's actions as an attack when he was actually drawing his weapons to protect all of them .
tr	NNS	Chloe , they have the most beautiful gowns .
tr	NNS	Better change these batteries before they die Vic .
tr	NN	She respected their privacy and never checked on them while they were sleeping or on sleep overs .
tr	NN	She discarded the towel and climbed between the sheets .
tr	NN	Likewise , if it turns out well , you can take credit for making the right decision on your own .
tr	NNS	One bridal shower after another , she 'd gifted her two foster sisters with the same style .
tr	NN	I gather my backpack and slink down the hall .
tr	NNS	"That will trigger your talents . """
tr	NN	He consulted an oversize silver clock on his desk .
tr	NNS	His blank stare spoke volumes .
tr	NN	""" You could have jeopardized this whole operation ."
tr	NNS	Her spirit walked the halls and corridors .
tr	NNS	""" It had no distinctive markings on it , so we don 't know who it belongs to . """
tr	NN	""" They would make a fine addition to my own armies , if you do not mind me saying so . """
tr	NN	He did not experience terror , nor bliss , nor a sense of a completed life .
tr	NN	I hadn 't even bought candy for them this year .
tr	NNS	He rears upward then leaps into the air dashing straight into the thick woods with his mystery and my annoyance .
tr	NNS	I followed her directions , not that I could really get all that comfortable out here .
tr	NN	We recruited a well-respected , reliable contractor to excavate the original location and they provided this report .
tr	NN	A minute later , I stopped pacing and stood behind the door .
tr	NN	Toward the second staircase .
tr	NNS	London Zoo had installed web cameras in the cages to help monitor all the animals , as well as provide marketing footage .
tr	NN	She dropped her handbag on a chair in the living room , shrugged out of her coat , and tossed it over her bag .
tr	NN	I got the impression he would rather be playing that instrument .
tr	NN	She had a complete file on him .
tr	NNS	His hands gripped my thighs , spreading my legs farther apart .
tr	NN	I gave her a halfhearted scowl .
tr	NNS	She could clean someone else 's toilets until they sparkled and keep their chickens and pigs fed and weed their rows of vegetables .
tr	NNS	Charlie counted out the necessary coins and held them out .
tr	NN	I then stuck out my hand Colbert style to accept my cookies .
tr	NNS	""" I 've been having issues with a guy at work . """
tr	NN	In the stiff silence that followed , the horses stamped impatiently , their coats steaming .
tr	NN	Others still , like the Shinto shrines in Japan , express reverence for nature in the harmonious way they blend with the natural environment .
tr	NNS	Giants with only a single eye centered on their foreheads wielded clubs , growling and fighting amongst themselves .
tr	NNS	Viktor checked the two cards he had left for what felt like the hundredth time -- ten of clubs and king of diamonds .
tr	NN	What if the wrong giant takes the buffalo ?
tr	NNS	They ate fish sandwiches for dinner and then cleaned up the kitchen together .
tr	NN	Lifting my right leg , I forced his hip deeper against me , feeling the hardness of his erection deep between my legs .
tr	NNS	She didn 't need the complications .
tr	NNS	Duncan lifted his wineglass and took a long drink , wondering if he had just ruined his chances of seeing Bobbie Sue again .
tr	NN	Sultry warm ocean breeze .
tr	NNS	He slipped his thumbs not just into his pants but also into his boxers .
tr	NNS	Someone had lit the candles in her bedroom .
tr	NNS	' Well , I 've had aches and pains , and been feeling really hot and sweaty . '
tr	NNS	We found some chairs at the back and sat down .
tr	NNS	It snaps its jaws again .
tr	NN	She had that lovely Parisian flair , her straight hair cut simply , her clothing subdued .
tr	NNS	""" My driver knows some antique shops in Maryland ."
tr	NNS	Jin fired three shots .
tr	NNS	But she also had pink and purple rubber bands in her braces .
tr	NN	We had an argument about her leaving .
tr	NN	Wall Street would watch the trial very closely .
tr	NN	Talking with you helped her resolve in her own mind what happened to her father .
tr	NN	Christopher 's voice broke my trance .
tr	NNS	As her eyes became accustomed to the darkness , Gabrielle could see blueprints and sheets of calculations scattered around .
tr	NN	That was like calling a shark cage a sure deterrent from shark bites .
tr	NN	I issued a command .
tr	NNS	The orphans put the candles on a piece of bark illuminating the darkness .
tr	NN	I heard a car door slam and went to the window .
tr	NN	They had abandoned the goose chase and were calling from the real list of volunteers .
tr	NNS	""" I didn 't bring antibiotics . """
tr	NNS	Time to shut down the hormones and get to work before she turned into a Brittany .
tr	NN	shouted the Death of Rats , jumping up and down and making suggestive motions .
tr	NNS	Around him he could see the other team members come to alert , their shoulders tensing , their hands flexing .
tr	NNS	Since she had been a vampire , they had avoided crowds in small spaces .
tr	NN	The king stroked his beard .
tr	NNS	We had sandwiches and snacks that we 'd brought with us .
tr	NN	He still wore his vest but his dark buckskin jacket and his bedraggled Stetson hung on pegs near the door .
tr	NN	Nox grabbed the rope , but even that wasn 't enough to lighten the blinding impact on her torso as the rope went taut .
tr	NN	He 'd readily accepted his promotion to Captain from first mate when the new owner had arrived at the dock hours before .
tr	NNS	' And we left the dogs behind , too !
tr	NNS	Thad returned scowl for scowl to the giant .
tr	NN	She got a glimpse of his taut backside disappearing through the doorway leading into the cafe and then he was gone .
tr	NNS	Through the open doors to other landings , he saw laundry facilities , kitchens , and they ended up in a wine cellar .
tr	NNS	The lizard fluffed up his scales excitedly .
tr	NN	Even though we will continue on our present course , prudence dictates caution .
tr	NNS	""" So do I , "" Valerie said fervently ."
tr	NN	Simon was begging a favor .
tr	NNS	""" Any objections ? """
tr	NN	He had heard the argument and the only thing that surprised him was how easy it was to accept Bickel 's summation .
tr	NN	Well , he had a cart loaded with crates .
tr	NN	He dismissed that possibility accordingly .
tr	NN	While Matt was talking baseball with Kyle 's brother , he caught a glimpse of Ava standing in the back of the room alone .
tr	NN	The brutality of our world can shake any man 's faith -- even in what he most strongly believes .
tr	NN	The bag takes my punishment without complaint .
tr	NN	We gave him a beautiful funeral until she ruined it .
tr	NN	"What could they ever offer the world other than bad art and worse philosophy ? """
tr	NN	Don 't look so glum .
tr	NN	I wanted nobody to see my blotchy face or hear my unsteady voice .
tr	NN	As he sat waiting , he got an inkling as to what he 'd put Nikki through these past months .
tr	NN	Luther gave a final scowl toward the closed door , then turned his attention back to Sarah .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to gag .
tr	NNS	In her mind she saw two fluffy white clouds , with a man on the left cloud and a woman on the right .
tr	NNS	""" I 'd rather take my chances on my own . """
tr	NNS	""" We all have issues . """
tr	NNS	The three of them murmured polite greetings to me .
tr	NN	""" She wants my cock ."
tr	NN	""" Dad , you can place the focus cap on or near the object being perceived . """
tr	NN	""" Yeah , well , we need proof ."
tr	NN	This angst helps nobody , and if you must behave like two spitting vipers , do it while I take a walk in the woods tomorrow .
tr	NN	Someone must have noticed his disappearance by now .
tr	NNS	A thought touched the banked coals , bringing the fire to vibrant life .
tr	NNS	She had maybe two hundred dollars in her purse .
tr	NNS	The mech wolves were recovering their senses .
tr	NN	He dug a condom out of his pocket and put it on , all the while watching her .
tr	NN	she said , the terror she was feeling evident in the breathless quality of her voice .
tr	NNS	He thrust the items forward , shaking his hands as they were freed from their burdens .
tr	NNS	She 'd imagined romantic strolls and dinners looking out at the mountains .
tr	NN	I finger the bot .
tr	NNS	Why hadn 't she closed the drapes last night ?
tr	NN	""" And the Heavens will separate the wheat from the chaff . """
tr	NN	"In this bag I have technology from the 21st century and proof of what happened to your brother and what will happen to you . """
tr	NNS	It gave him the creeps .
tr	NNS	Her fighting skills ... and I 've been told she has untapped Magick about her .
tr	NNS	It had seven small chairs around it .
tr	NNS	And you especially can 't have scientists creating viruses that can wipe out an entire ethnic group of people ... I get that .
tr	NNS	"We 'll both wear these uniforms . """
tr	NNS	He uttered fragments of it aloud .
tr	NNS	"I will send roses and lilies . """
tr	NNS	"And now it has my fingerprints on it . """
tr	NN	Agatha had brought home the newspaper clipping from Greta 's that had a clearer picture of Babs Mahoney .
tr	NN	"Could you have prevented the disappearance ? """
tr	NNS	""" Screw this creep show , Jackie , we 'll get directions somewhere else . """
tr	NN	She pounds the tailgate .
tr	NNS	For the first time since they had met , he didn 't hide his fangs from her .
tr	NN	"But I 'm afraid I 'm not , "" said the dragon , enthusiastically ."
tr	NNS	It piqued her senses as she inhaled .
tr	NN	Gene reset the game clock four more times as he thrashed and stumbled his way through the woods .
tr	NNS	Tom clambered over the boards and descended to the canal .
tr	NNS	She released her fangs in full , and felt the ripple of blood roll through her white eyes .
tr	NN	I have already located a witch , and unless we deal with it , we will be remiss of our duties .
tr	NN	So far , I hadn 't won the lottery , perhaps because magic wasn 't supposed to be for personal gain .
tr	NN	This time when his hand dipped lower , it found its goal .
tr	NN	""" You sink the needle into the back of the neck , or into the hand , and you keep moving ."
tr	NNS	""" You didn 't hear the hoof beats ? """
tr	NNS	""" You mean big butts or no butts ?"
tr	NNS	"We don 't need more complications ; this is going to be hard enough . """
tr	NNS	All Riddick 's flight members had blatant tells , yet none of them seemed to be aware of this .
tr	NNS	which shut their mouths at once .
tr	NNS	""" We 've been honing our skills . """
tr	NNS	He softly caressed my upper thighs first , using his foot to part my legs , snaking that little feather in dangerously close to my wet core .
tr	NN	They hadn 't seen any other traffic since they 'd left the highway .
tr	NNS	""" Do you always ignore your instincts ? """
tr	NN	""" And that settles the favor ."
tr	NNS	"Consider your homework assignments as practice for the real world . """
tr	NN	I couldn 't fight back the urge to scoff at him .
tr	NN	Damon 's Power couldn 't detect every monster , couldn 't predict every twist of the human heart .
tr	NNS	They had families , people who loved them .
tr	NNS	When I finally mustered the courage to look at him , he was cleaning his fingernails with his switchblade , and he was waiting for me .
tr	NN	I hate that video .
tr	NNS	"But Nik has other obligations and you 'll need to be prepared for any eventuality . """
tr	NN	She had a last glimpse of the white bandages around his neck as the nurse turned the corner ; then he was gone .
tr	NNS	The blade passed a scant few inches over his head .
tr	NNS	""" I have more pressing issues . """
tr	NN	"We 've a litter for you , if you 're too weak to ride . """
tr	NN	She chose a package of shortbread cookies , cheese , and wheat crackers .
tr	NNS	"Smile and bat your eyelashes and we 're defenseless . """
tr	NNS	She pulled the silver marks out of her pocket , fanned them out again ... and smiled .
tr	NN	""" So , your father turned down my proposal because he thought you were just trying to get laid ?"
tr	NNS	"We would make arrangements for you to be her roommate . """
tr	NNS	The other side overlooked orderly ranks of bookshelves on the first floor .
tr	NNS	"I could smell the changes in him . """
tr	NN	He had felt an initial terror and an urge to run for cover .
tr	NN	Heard the cover suck into its seal and its three bolts slam into place .
tr	NNS	Why hadn 't the feds stepped in and taken the money ?
tr	NNS	Ones that might not have security systems , but this was closer to his meeting point .
tr	NN	As a refugee , he told the fate of his departed lands and people .
tr	NNS	"I miss those meals . """
tr	NNS	He rested his palms on the edge of the chassis and closed his eyes .
tr	NNS	As his eyes opened he spotted two figures at his feet pouring something into the ground .
tr	NN	Begin your duty then , providing an unmatched contribution .
tr	NN	Chloe got off the swing and ran to the slide .
tr	NNS	She could hear the metal balls clanking on the concrete .
tr	NNS	We had our arguments , you and I , but we always ended up friends again .
tr	NN	He picked up the rod again .
tr	NN	I took great joy in running up the stairs to the weapons room to return the practice arrows .
tr	NN	Indian exporters were happy , they could make hay for a while .
tr	NNS	All attorneys , except for the contract attorneys , had offices along the exterior walls of the building ; each office had at least one window .
tr	NNS	Tyler had marketable skills , but she wasn 't sure if or how they 'd translate from sea to land .
tr	NN	I cracked my knuckles .
tr	NN	She 's always telling me I need more patience .
tr	NNS	He 'd take a few deep breaths , click on a game , or channel surf , or we 'd go get something to eat .
tr	NNS	She had no doubts that Frankie would listen to Pearl .
tr	NN	Out of necessity I get no credit , but I was instrumental in his rise to power .
tr	NNS	Severance took a few more paces into the dimly lit room .
tr	NNS	The six soldiers with pistols diminished the politeness of the invitation .
tr	NN	"I took the receiver and said , "" Hello , Major Walters . """
tr	NNS	Louise finished the arrangements for the car and ran the van 's registration number through the computer .
tr	NNS	Books had been swept off the shelves .
tr	NNS	A gust of wind shook the boards on the windows , but they were locked down tight .
tr	NN	As I did , I heard a muffled growl .
tr	NN	There went that Mother of the Year Award .
tr	NNS	Chapter Ten On a snowy late November afternoon in 2005 , I was putting away the dishes , and Megan screamed in the bathroom .
tr	NN	""" I don 't have a condom . """
tr	NNS	We lost the Southern wolves for the time being , but I 'm certain they 'll find us soon .
tr	NNS	""" I could get some strawberries to go with it . """
tr	NN	""" Well , the diver opened the jar as soon as we got away from the lodge ."
tr	NN	Not that he discounted her fury .
tr	NN	The flight crew boarded the aircraft , began working their checklists , and updated their flight plan .
tr	NN	""" Why don 't you an ' yer boy come inside , yer worship ?"
tr	NN	I feel a flutter in my stomach that appears every time I 'm around Anthony .
tr	NN	Doesn 't Louisa deserve that same faith ?
tr	NNS	It had three fins on its head and one going down its long back .
tr	NNS	Forget hormones and tattoos .
tr	NN	His friend had reached the landing now and was lunging toward her , his eyes darting from her to the heap at her feet .
tr	NN	I returned the gesture , wanting to be brave , too .
tr	NNS	"You know my driving skills ; right ! """
tr	NNS	He snorts out water and breath every few strokes , but shows no sign of tiring .
tr	NNS	Piers pats his biceps and laughs again .
tr	NNS	He switched the plates back to their original positions .
tr	NNS	They 've had messengers burning up the road between here and Tol Rane for the past two weeks . '
tr	NNS	She kept hearing whistles , and they were making her miss her cues .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs .
tr	NNS	The agent seeks data on the functional relationships which derive from our common universe and which arise from interdependencies .
tr	NNS	""" This will be your room for the time being , "" Jane instructed the two sisters ."
tr	NN	She could sense the hunger as it came closer .
tr	NNS	The President accepted his apologies and Colonel Patterson hit the red button on his phone , placed it in his attaché case and closed the lid .
tr	NNS	But my friends by the door have strange appetites .
tr	NN	She stood average height for a girl her age , but her build was slim , and she always seemed a little too skinny .
tr	NNS	If I Changed , could I combine my powers with David 's ?
tr	NN	After he backed onto the street , Niles searched along the row of hedges but didn 't see her .
tr	NNS	She dialed the numbers .
tr	NN	He flapped his cotton napkin out flat across his lap and smiled across the breakfast table at her .
tr	NNS	He could feel the tear tracks down his face .
tr	NN	With nerves on edge , she approached the shack .
tr	NNS	My words made clouds in the air .
tr	NNS	Mom was finishing up the breakfast dishes .
tr	NN	Maybe - Then he began his quest to shut off her thoughts and he was more than successful .
tr	NN	Stone turned the dial on his X. 50 to minimum ballistic charge and pulled back on the trigger .
tr	NN	Has it got a harbour ? '
tr	NN	"You must do this task alone . """
tr	NNS	Joseph took some coins from his pocket and handed them to George .
tr	NN	""" Women of Aliyah 's caliber can wreak untold havoc ."
tr	NN	"What language is that ? """
tr	NN	"Take some aspirin and see if you can make yourself feel better . """
tr	NNS	He told her tales of wars , the fights and triumphs of time .
tr	NNS	He would bring different members of the Wolf Guard to visit her , until the entire guard had come to know and love her .
tr	NN	I didn 't need her pity .
tr	NN	He just couldn 't track the little paper bullies long enough to get off a decent shot .
tr	NNS	He palmed her breasts and stroked his thumbs over her extended points .
tr	NN	""" You 'd brave the hated theater to see me ? """
tr	NN	While Gel played , he had tied down the sail and made it fast .
tr	NNS	A ring of piled stones held the charred remains of a campfire .
tr	NN	His kiss had the most amazing calming effect on her that in no time she was asleep .
tr	NNS	She liked surprises , Maxi .
tr	NN	He had his passport and boarding card in his hand when his phone rang .
tr	NNS	She 'd maxed out her credit cards and had already gobbled up her allotment of small business loans .
tr	NN	""" Hey , Stubs , get your fat butt over here ! """
tr	NN	""" To Deep status ? """
tr	NN	Mulberry reached into the bag , found a napkin , and vigorously wiped the wrong side of his face .
tr	NN	Then she opened the drawer of the night stand .
tr	NNS	The city has always had enough empty buildings that most people can find at least partial shelter .
tr	NNS	""" They mailed live birds in packages ? """
tr	NN	He liked the new hairstyle on her .
tr	NN	She sent another blast of power out , striking it where humanoid and spider met .
tr	NNS	I have no doubts about Dham .
tr	NNS	Applying pressure , I worked my thumbs up the muscles of his spine .
tr	NN	Kylie could feel the fragile truce shattering .
tr	NNS	Caitlin , though , like so many of us , finds Alex 's thinly veiled requests to be needed irritatingly patronizing .
tr	NNS	""" I can 't offer any excuses ."
tr	NN	Sending him home in such a miserable state could also damage Birds ' Colony reputation and reduce the current generous donations .
tr	NNS	How dare Edith judge her literary skills on her inept personal behavior ?
tr	NNS	""" You 're talking fire balls and moving objects with your mind ."
tr	NN	He managed a half shrug .
tr	NN	Blank walls , floor , and ceiling painted the same uniform matte white ; smooth , cool surfaces , unbroken save for lights in the ceiling .
tr	NN	After a moment of hesitation , Neil continued the climb .
tr	NNS	Pausing to catch her breath , she inhaled gulps of wet air .
tr	NN	The spirit changes her countenance .
tr	NN	The sight of the witches struck new terror in Gordon .
tr	NN	With a wild whoop of abandonment , I give chase .
tr	NNS	"If you 'll agree to reciprocate , I 'll accept those terms . """
tr	NN	Lydia 's frown showed her dismay .
tr	NN	As our waitress left , Claude spread his napkin in his lap and speared a shrimp .
tr	NN	Soon , she stiffened beneath him , her nails digging viciously into his shoulders .
tr	NN	By the last two hands I could feel a definite improvement .
tr	NN	"She would have used the word horrifying instead of "" nasty "" but she wasn 't going to argue with him ."
tr	NNS	The beds had numbers screwed to the wall above the bed , and repeated on the steel locker adjacent to the bed .
tr	NN	She was dressed young in a black miniskirt and immaculately ironed white t-shirt .
tr	NNS	Like me , he likes tidy conclusions , tidy reports ; he abhors loose ends and doesn 't always appreciate having to treasure his exceptions .
tr	NNS	"But how else would you get blood samples from a large population in just one night without breaking into medical facilities ? """
tr	NNS	"Maybe I have many layers . """
tr	NNS	Seth slid the clips across his dinner table so that they were beside Nina .
tr	NNS	The sisters admonished the students to reserve their love for God .
tr	NN	He hasn 't lost consciousness .
tr	NNS	The library still had some scientific magazines and a computer terminal so it did appear as if the folks that worked here would be back at sometime .
tr	NN	The cool evening air made scant impression on Howard as he recalled the events following the funeral .
tr	NN	Then Carol gave me the task of monitoring their gambling .
tr	NN	Polly ignored her outburst .
tr	NNS	""" Besides , remember the blank pages of the book when Conrad opened it in America ? """
tr	NNS	I hate missing meals .
tr	NN	The father confessor knew his trade ; like a good lawyer or doctor of medicine , Tibor reflected , he could draw his client out .
tr	NNS	I had some supplies left in my pack , and there was vending machine crap in the beginning .
tr	NNS	""" What happened Rufus ? """
tr	NN	Spencer selected a cracker and took a big bite .
tr	NNS	Dagan had his suspicions on how the man was capable of such things , but if anyone knew , no one said .
tr	NN	I see terror in her wide eyes .
tr	NNS	""" I wouldn 't take any chances . """
tr	NN	I expect resistance , but Cressida just waves me toward the hospital .
tr	NNS	""" Actually , could you bring two shots of tequila ?"
tr	NNS	""" So far I got ten bucks . """
tr	NNS	"Something frightened those birds , and we 'd better find out what it was . """
tr	NNS	""" I will endure no tricks . """
tr	NN	""" Then you should trust my advice , sire ."
tr	NN	Not because he suffered a defeat .
tr	NNS	If we keep out of sight , we can grow our numbers and train up a bit .
tr	NNS	As for other biological material ... The Hab has sophisticated toilets .
tr	NNS	Parker passed out cups of coffee .
tr	NN	Xi hooked the clasp to the dog 's nylon collar and went outside .
tr	NNS	"The man probably had contacts to Dream Syndicate personnel in his local area . """
tr	NNS	He 'd have told tales of me for bringing forbidden objects back from the past .
tr	NN	I 'd say fate owed me at least that much .
tr	NNS	' They 've been sacrificing members of their group through the elevator passage in order to stay alive .
tr	NN	I had brought with me a pistol , which I had loaded outside the house .
tr	NNS	His eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NN	Iona responded hungrily , tongue tangling his , lips bruising , mouth opening to take him .
tr	NNS	"Not that you 'll be needing those antiques anymore , but I don 't mind . """
tr	NNS	She 'd also coordinated his battle movements and because of that alone , he 'd been able to slay four , four , death vampires .
tr	NN	In her right hand she was holding a CD .
tr	NNS	A snarl exposed his fangs .
tr	NNS	He looked at me a few beats .
tr	NNS	He pulled the covers off her , instantly waking her up and sitting up in bed .
tr	NN	He was wreaking havoc with her insides , melting her like butter .
tr	NN	They were growing impatient now .
tr	NN	"I 've got no allegiance to the walls . """
tr	NN	Marlee scanned the briefcase for hidden devices , much to his amusement .
tr	NNS	Heard the shots from the assault vehicle .
tr	NN	I 'd made a huge leap about Art being responsible for kidnapping her and the others .
tr	NN	""" Aye , we have a gentlemen 's accord ."
tr	NN	She grabbed the receiver before it went to voice mail .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to put his fist through a wall .
tr	NNS	"We know so few planets so far . """
tr	NN	Did she detect a slight emotional tremble in his voice ?
tr	NN	I enjoyed the solitude it gave me .
tr	NN	Olivier must have seen the disgust on my face .
tr	NNS	""" I spilled the food trays too early into the trash and one of the trays flipped back on me ."
tr	NN	"I 'm extending the olive branch here . """
tr	NN	""" Stop swearing at me ! """
tr	NN	I fought the urge to cry .
tr	NNS	I dumped the pencils and pens from the mug that served as our pencil can ; they clattered and rolled every which way on the desk .
tr	NN	Taking the seat in front of his desk , I returned his gesture with a brighter smile than usual .
tr	NN	"I really enjoyed your lesson by the way . """
tr	NNS	Scrub floors in your theatre ... ' ' Who do I have to kill ? '
tr	NNS	""" I 've got connections around town , Walt , and the people who owe me and keep me out of the dark . """
tr	NN	Her eyes have a contagious gleam .
tr	NNS	Because we 're not shy eaters , we both took huge bites - and nearly choked to death from the heat .
tr	NN	' The Brits have a civil defence set-up called the Home Guard .
tr	NN	She didn 't close the privacy curtain .
tr	NN	"Mere murmuring never hurt anybody . """
tr	NNS	""" Probably supplied drugs and animals , among other things , and all of it funneled through Mexico . """
tr	NNS	""" We 've got your numbers and your lawyer 's address , just in case ? """
tr	NN	In that time I have learned patience .
tr	NNS	""" Okay , "" I handed Smith the bucks ."
tr	NN	I no longer have hunger .
tr	NN	She put up minimal resistance , quickly relaxing into his kiss .
tr	NN	Stunned by how he came to that conclusion , I lowered the towel .
tr	NNS	Metal and plastic don 't give off strong scents .
tr	NNS	I considered several possible responses , smiling all the while .
tr	NN	We don 't know the extent of her involvement , John .
tr	NN	Her temper really fueled his lust .
tr	NNS	""" Including new clients . """
tr	NN	She shoved the brownie toward Spencer 's mouth , but Spencer recoiled .
tr	NNS	Shane bared his fangs .
tr	NN	The surrounding darkness looked even blacker now .
tr	NN	""" What did ya do that fer ? """
tr	NNS	""" Starting price one thousand five hundred dollars . """
tr	NNS	She was doing her finances .
tr	NNS	I cleared the dessert dishes , and listened to them talk and giggle .
tr	NN	I also wasn 't forgetting my recent encounter with the giant , flying walnut .
tr	NNS	An angry red rash covered a few inches of skin on his wrist .
tr	NN	And if we lied , we would say an extra prayer .
tr	NN	The police already have a signed release from the family .
tr	NNS	She 'd made two pans of homemade biscuits .
tr	NNS	The wood had cobwebs on it so it was clear that it had been there for a long while .
tr	NN	She gave a growl in her throat .
tr	NN	He turned the knob , shoving the glass door open .
tr	NN	Our nation needs new and strong leadership .
tr	NNS	He tossed his goggles onto the deck .
tr	NNS	Maybe the Red Cross crisis center a few blocks away .
tr	NNS	He didn 't check for blood although I can see it , tiny red bubbles along the grooves of flesh .
tr	NN	But you had no proof , no basis for accusing him .
tr	NN	Then Bilbo heard the king 's butler bidding the chief of the guards good-night .
tr	NN	Has the wicked Cornelia extracted her revenge ?
tr	NN	In the distance she heard Caleb 's motorcycle approaching .
tr	NN	""" I ... I beg your pardon , High Lord . """
tr	NNS	Her family didn 't do hugs or kisses anymore .
tr	NNS	After fifteen minutes , Clarity was out five hundred dollars , after twenty five minutes , she had lost one thousand dollars .
tr	NNS	When she straightened up , she saw the scratches on the front door .
tr	NNS	During the train ride , I confirmed a few leads concerning the auction house Christie 's .
tr	NNS	""" Well , I got my MCAT scores in the mail this week , and it 's Devon 's birthday soon ."
tr	NNS	She removed a couple more titles from the shelf and noticed something hiding behind the books .
tr	NNS	""" I use indentured servants ."
tr	NN	He absentmindedly twists a strand of my hair around his finger .
tr	NNS	Frank ran down the contacts but none stood out , and his initial excitement began to fade .
tr	NNS	He had a few scratches but he 'd live , at least until the jury returned with a verdict .
tr	NNS	""" I know crabs . """
tr	NNS	"We all have our own talents you know . """
tr	NNS	Her eyes watch the buildings around her shake ; some are swaying side to side , and others she can see are forming cracks .
tr	NNS	More cables covered the floors .
tr	NN	And a part of her regretted the snap and snarl of her tone .
tr	NNS	The grass on the lawn still bore the fading whiteness of an overnight frost and the chill in the air hinted at the approaching winter .
tr	NNS	You could see a few majestic houses towards the top of the mountain , tough survivors in a dangerous land .
tr	NNS	I broke a few dishes after you left , and that made me feel better . '
tr	NNS	"I got quite a few brownie points from the old ball and chain . """
tr	NN	Holding the pitcher in both hands so that he wouldn 't drop it , he took a mouthful of water .
tr	NN	Flashing their tin around among the pack wolves and creating animosities .
tr	NNS	"I 'm not doing drugs . """
tr	NNS	I had expected bombed-out buildings and instead find myself confronted with broken human bodies .
tr	NN	Small waterfalls began spitting out of the newly burned holes .
tr	NN	""" I 'm a man of my word , "" he told her dangerously ."
tr	NNS	Actually , I don 't usually do restaurants at all because it 's too risky .
tr	NNS	""" In my fifth-grade photo , I had black rubber bands on my braces ."
tr	NNS	Then simultaneously , they fired the missiles .
tr	NNS	She toppled over the handlebars and continued her high-speed descent in the form of somersaults .
tr	NNS	' It 's not as if you 're a total failure , ' Martha said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	"You were continually making excuses for us to be together . """
tr	NN	I inspected the tower for some time .
tr	NN	If you 're careful , you can spot any intruder .
tr	NNS	Huw gripped her thighs as she leant forward and drank deeply .
tr	NN	I let my hand tangle in the back of his hair , slipping down to smooth over his brow , feathering my fingers there .
tr	NNS	She wiped down the warped shelves , using a step stool for the ones too high for her to reach , until they shined .
tr	NNS	Okay , she did have nice breasts , and a narrow waist , but she had ropes of muscle everywhere .
tr	NN	He found her nipple with his thumb and forefinger and tugged at it sharply in a rough , gentle demand .
tr	NN	""" I never did you any harm . """
tr	NN	""" I 'll return the favor . """
tr	NNS	She racked up serious points in his book for grit .
tr	NN	Their subject matter follows a precise theme that never varies : corpses .
tr	NN	Strong fumes as if the old plane had a leak or was overfilled .
tr	NN	Kenny finally reached the bench .
tr	NNS	"You know all the band members , right ? """
tr	NN	They had a fully stocked refrigerator in a working kitchen and told me where the ice cream was kept .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she 'd let go of his hand before they came !
tr	NN	"The character meant "" punishment . """
tr	NNS	That alone spoke volumes .
tr	NN	Gradually , the anger leaves her visage , and a look the boy does not recognize creeps onto her face .
tr	NNS	Rasputin smacked both palms against the gate blocking them .
tr	NN	Kylie 's heart did a tight squeeze .
tr	NN	The movement made the room spin .
tr	NNS	"You have to believe me , "" she said passionately ."
tr	NNS	Try attacking adults for a while .
tr	NN	I pulled the pager off his belt and threw it away .
tr	NN	So , Dr. Matthews , heard you have cancer ?
tr	NN	My parents have nobody else .
tr	NNS	I 'd had several lovers in my life , but Jackson had erased every memory of them the moment he walked into my bedroom .
tr	NNS	""" You must 've learned some tricks over the years ."
tr	NNS	Imagine so many fountains that they can only be turned on one day a week or they would drain the river Seine .
tr	NNS	She stretched her inner thighs .
tr	NNS	The red and blue and gold wool she was winding made bright splashes on her brown cotton gown .
tr	NNS	I dumped the pages on the desk again and rubbed my face .
tr	NNS	Fernando filled vases with fresh wild flowers .
tr	NNS	He could certainly dance around the night clubs with the prostitutes and enjoyed that very much .
tr	NN	""" If that is the case fear no punishment from me ; your family deserve your loyalty more than I. "" Rafe paused ."
tr	NNS	You give me a compass that tells good from bad , and boy I 'll be a soldier of the righteous truth .
tr	NN	said the email , which clearly identified the sender as Mr. Noel .
tr	NN	She shared this quality with Quinlan .
tr	NNS	Nice houses and grassy gardens that they were far too busy to enjoy .
tr	NNS	The Observer program has made great discoveries in this area .
tr	NN	I took my rifle from its sling then after making sure it was loaded , headed into the brush .
tr	NNS	Eight pages in and they were about to give up when Zeus suddenly shouted ' Stop ! '
tr	NNS	Slowly she and Adam inched nearer , but it was no use .
tr	NN	The jeweled riders crested the hill .
tr	NN	We dropped the topic of being together , probably because I was just so unsure .
tr	NNS	He warily clasped her buttocks pulling her in closer as he nuzzled her neck .
tr	NNS	Ancient books , parcels , and scrolls filled the mounted , timeworn shelves on two of the four sides of the room .
tr	NNS	She 'd transferred her attentions to Robin .
tr	NNS	My real friends and family had signed confidentiality agreements and weren 't speaking to the press without approval .
tr	NN	They were playing ' witch craft ' .
tr	NN	Millicent could follow the logical progression , though believing it was another matter .
tr	NN	But she feared punishment from Amber when Father went away .
tr	NNS	He didn 't fear Jess ... but maybe he did fear what she could do to him and what she could mean to him .
tr	NNS	I rub my temples .
tr	NNS	""" Nate , "" Trevor said , "" since you can 't talk , give the string three hard tugs when you want to come back ."
tr	NN	Remembering that they were both already infected she lowered the pistol .
tr	NNS	The flashlight revealed ugly mottled marks on Seth 's throat .
tr	NN	Cracks lined the hull , the sails were stained , and Leo picked up a subtle scent of mold .
tr	NN	... Selena was slowly sipping her cocktail , almost never letting the straw out of her mouth , so that she won 't have to talk .
tr	NN	And she 'd always had the strange conviction that she did belong somewhere .
tr	NNS	Draw the blinds and check to see if any vehicles are driving past the house with Chinese in them .
tr	NNS	"My first album will be titled One Foot in Hell Already I hereby deem that title "" Totally Stupid . """
tr	NNS	""" A song to break your hearts , "" Maran said softly , "" and a tune to promise all the heart desires . """
tr	NNS	""" Morgan has played his cards carefully . """
tr	NNS	His eyes never left the hot dogs .
tr	NNS	Browning 's wife has given him ten sons .
tr	NNS	And then he could hear the first few drops finding leaves both in the trees and on the ground .
tr	NN	I slapped the receiver in the general direction of the base , reached in the drawer for my purse , and fumbled for my keys .
tr	NNS	He would make his apologies in the morning ; Jane would understand .
tr	NN	I fought back the urge to defend Jason .
tr	NNS	"I eat cow brains ? """
tr	NN	"Or I can call the nurse ... "" I shake my head immediately , rushing to grab the shorts ."
tr	NN	She massaged her temple , aware of a vague sense of weary disappointment .
tr	NNS	They killed their engines , and the leprechaun leader leapt off his bike and made his way towards the dais .
tr	NNS	"We 'll fetch back your sisters to help your ma get the foodstuffs together . """
tr	NN	I pushed my ID under the window .
tr	NNS	We give them rights , powers alongside men .
tr	NNS	She knew the terms .
tr	NN	Just thinking about me being with Heather made her cringe .
tr	NN	This included the obvious , such as the garage position , helipad location , and beach access .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't you dare question my motives ."
tr	NN	Caitlin could hear Bede snicker behind her .
tr	NNS	""" You saw all those ghosts flying around all at once ? """
tr	NNS	"You might as well use those funds to buy us a van and a talking dog . """
tr	NN	He threw the rope to the dock and strode up the gangplank .
tr	NNS	The gentle pressure of her hand on his arm soothed Winston 's jangling circuits .
tr	NN	Grace let the memories flow as she drove .
tr	NN	He placed his briefcase at a table away from the television and mulled over the continental breakfast buffet choices .
tr	NN	He covered a yawn as he entered his own cabin .
tr	NN	""" She has cancer , but she refuses to go and get treatments ; she 's just going to let herself die ."
tr	NN	The limb made an audible snap as the bone shattered on impact .
tr	NN	He punched End , then turned back around .
tr	NN	That left one possibility .
tr	NNS	Placing me on a bed in the room , Andrew is hooking up IV solutions when Gabriel enters .
tr	NN	Maxim gauged the depth of the hole .
tr	NN	Next time he could damn well retrieve his own briefcase .
tr	NNS	They called the fluffy little white clouds of summer ' Granny Aching 's little lambs ' .
tr	NNS	' Now , don 't put up a fight , please , it releases unpleasant chemicals into the bloodstream . '
tr	NN	Of course , I could fake forgiveness and go back to work there and make everything seem fine .
tr	NNS	A few even had soccer balls .
tr	NNS	Pulling open the door , I perused the items inside but was disappointed to find very little food there .
tr	NN	"Imagine contracting to a soul ess . """
tr	NN	Leaping up , I caught the dagger as the first fury reached Aiden , its razor-sharp nails aimed right for his throat .
tr	NNS	I also had my doubts the snare would work .
tr	NNS	With a hand gesture , they fired only a few shots .
tr	NNS	"I make no excuses for being a stupid , greedy coward . """
tr	NN	Agnes turned the stove off and spooned some into a bowl .
tr	NN	"Did you give the presentation ? """
tr	NN	I kissed his knuckles and looked up at him .
tr	NNS	A couple of other members added their two cents when pressed for more from the reporters .
tr	NN	Closing her eyes , she let the water slowly rake over her face , rush down her front , and pool at her feet .
tr	NNS	""" I hate birds , Gwen ."
tr	NN	Now that she knew it , she could see the resemblance .
tr	NN	She grabbed the brim of my hat and shook it before popping out of her chair to take her plate to the sink .
tr	NNS	Apparently no one else could see the colored clouds .
tr	NNS	Raphael explained the benefits of busking and how the first day had progressed .
tr	NNS	With great care , Jess untied the ribbons of her bonnet and removed it , setting it carefully atop the seat of a chair .
tr	NN	"Get your little butt in the house right now ! """
tr	NN	No phantasm would be wearing such equipment .
tr	NNS	"He said that with the King 's army now in the mountains , we could move our interests from fighting the mountain folk to politics . """
tr	NNS	A little sugar can do wonders when it 's sprinkled over a wounded pride .
tr	NN	The town only had a handful of streetlights , and those were dim .
tr	NN	I have a strange hunch .
tr	NNS	Each of us would like some bits of it , but I am afraid very few of us would like the whole thing .
tr	NN	Chris stopped pacing and glared at Love .
tr	NN	When the computer checked a password it always compared the entered code with his hidden access codes .
tr	NN	They reached the bench where the young lovers had been sharing a kiss .
tr	NN	You could get dizzy and fall .
tr	NN	When he was a few feet away , she remembered palace protocol and dropped her pen and note pad while she dipped into a deep curtsy .
tr	NN	James didn 't eat cake and burn candles to commemorate it .
tr	NN	He clipped his safety rope into a spike they had anchored in the rock on the way down .
tr	NNS	They bound her Druid powers and those she had gathered , making it almost impossible for her to return to her former self .
tr	NN	Ada raised her soda with a dry expression , though I could see the tiniest hint of sisterly affection .
tr	NN	A stray wink knocked a bird from its perch .
tr	NNS	He analyzes more samples .
tr	NNS	She 'd missed enough classes to flunk out of college .
tr	NN	I rose off the bench .
tr	NN	""" Why are we doing this Calder ?"
tr	NN	I couldn 't help the jealousy that sprang through me at her beauty .
tr	NN	""" That should just about blow out the power grid . """
tr	NN	""" We ejected the pod soon after takeoff ."
tr	NNS	We 've found no marks on or near major arteries .
tr	NNS	I grabbed his briefs and pulled them down his legs , and then he kicked them off his feet .
tr	NN	The creature hit the first stair .
tr	NNS	They all had connections all over the world .
tr	NN	Maddie pulled out the People magazine she 'd bought , kicked off her shoes , and stretched out on the bed while Jack lit the fire .
tr	NN	Not for the first time , Jamie repressed the urge to call him and withdraw the suggestion .
tr	NN	""" I know the phrase from my days as a gamekeeper ."
tr	NNS	He 'd once rejected all their efforts to impose their brand of caring on him .
tr	NN	Nisha tossed her ponytail over her shoulder .
tr	NN	It would not see the trench .
tr	NN	Her expression exposed the piercing torment within as the light reached its climax and then folded inward .
tr	NN	She loved the gesture , but she tried to hand him back the book .
tr	NNS	""" Cabrera had bought all the worst elements of the police departments and now have their support ."
tr	NNS	How many more buffalo omelet opportunities would I get ?
tr	NNS	""" Take the first eighty pages for next week ."
tr	NNS	He pulls his black goggles back down over his eyes and then stands smiling for a moment with his fists against his sides .
tr	NN	""" If you plant a potato , you get a potato . """
tr	NNS	""" You 've studied witches ? """
tr	NNS	""" I have to-go cups we can use ."
tr	NNS	Stripes of late-afternoon sunlight seeped though the blinds , creating golden bands across her skin .
tr	NN	The room was full of cubicles , constructing a maze that needed a navigator if we were ever going to find the girl 's father .
tr	NNS	Although in Reacher 's experience an MP5 set to fire bursts of three sounded more innocent than a rifle firing single shots .
tr	NN	Losing your passport in Belize ?
tr	NNS	We can get small donations from the community , but we 're missing the whole operating budget for the rest of the year .
tr	NNS	His kiss stirred fires that hadn 't gone out .
tr	NN	He threw his soapy sponge onto the hood and met me halfway , just like he was supposed to .
tr	NNS	As I downed my scotch , I heard Alexis from behind .
tr	NNS	He created countless spells with it .
tr	NN	With each sound uttered , molten fire rippled up her spine , traveling out to her fingers in an explosion of rapturous energy .
tr	NN	""" I made a fresh batch just two days ago ."
tr	NNS	He pushed his mating instincts down , interested in knowing everything about Callie .
tr	NN	"You can 't leave the dorm . """
tr	NN	They both had a good bath , and were fully refreshed .
tr	NN	""" You want the witch . """
tr	NNS	I might have had many lovers in my short lifetime , but the way Kellen made me feel was somehow totally different to anyone else .
tr	NN	He had a flawless male physique .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't worry , I 'll handle assignments ."
tr	NNS	""" And yet you have no clients . """
tr	NNS	Maybe she had memorized the numbers , and they were now a part of her .
tr	NNS	See the photographs in Notes Sumer .
tr	NNS	Day by day I noticed small changes in her physical appearance and I learned to love her curves .
tr	NN	Finally , Tucker retrieved his rifle and moved deeper into the trees , where he found a tangle of fallen logs .
tr	NNS	The Sensor 's buttons didn 't have numbers on them , just more of those bizarre symbols , and there was no screen .
tr	NN	James watched her wishing for Prudence in his arms .
tr	NNS	""" We must avoid the video cameras of the fuel replenishment station . """
tr	NNS	They had been walking down dark corridors leading away from the computer room where they had first made each other 's acquaintance .
tr	NNS	""" You had no issues with that stuff before ."
tr	NN	""" You want some candy ? """
tr	NNS	"We 're doing some light renovations . """
tr	NN	""" Mr. Paul , you have more detail than I included in my debriefing reports ."
tr	NN	Horowitz paused and lifted the needle , allowing me the chance to speak .
tr	NNS	""" You hadn 't laid out your stupid conditions when I ... when I thought of Grandfather 's shop ."
tr	NN	She had always understood that distinction intuitively when it came to her painting .
tr	NNS	He nearly let several single balls escape but managed to catch them and slurp them down an inch or two in front of Jonesy 's cringing face .
tr	NN	Iseo dropped the sponge in the water and wiped her wet hands on her apron .
tr	NN	Charles said goodnight and moved off toward the bunkhouse .
tr	NNS	Those so chosen undergo terrible rituals to become something that is truly a living death .
tr	NN	She could feel his various sensors feeding in input , raw data detailing their surroundings .
tr	NNS	Skirting the back of the crowd , I placed the stolen items where they 'd be found .
tr	NN	"Give us some privacy . """
tr	NN	Clancy placed a towel around his shoulders and he quickly dried his hair .
tr	NN	I opened the trunk , pulled my bags out .
tr	NN	Each of his brothers had prepared a speech to declare their loyalty to him and to their family .
tr	NNS	I didn 't throw my accomplishments in other folks ' faces , or take pleasure when others struggled .
tr	NNS	I help families when they go out of town , if a neighbor can 't .
tr	NNS	I notice the marks on his skin , but it takes it a second to register .
tr	NN	This is like using your imagination , but stronger .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths , trying to calm down .
tr	NNS	"I always get dates and names mixed up . """
tr	NNS	August always got the creeps when he saw him , and when he was heading for him to play .
tr	NNS	I despise the sisters .
tr	NN	But when I reached into the coat pocket , I didn 't feel the familiar rectangular lump through the material .
tr	NNS	I pluck bits and pieces of leaves out of my hair and then comb the dirt out with my fingers .
tr	NNS	""" Why do you have those queer markings upon your face ? """
tr	NNS	""" They put down their burdens ."
tr	NN	He 'd only ignored the urge .
tr	NNS	Put our skills to use .
tr	NN	came a shout from below .
tr	NN	The long vacated office building , found by Michael , still had electricity .
tr	NN	""" Your sisters are planning an anniversary celebration for your father and me ."
tr	NN	You know my riding style .
tr	NNS	"When you want more we 'll make arrangements to meet with her again . """
tr	NN	They 'd lost another dozen fighting men , and most of the rest who had engaged the taken were wounded .
tr	NN	"You 've no claim of redemption here . """
tr	NN	Give me a code and I can crack it ; tell me a joke in Swahili and I 'll know when to laugh .
tr	NN	She touched her blouse , folding it away to reveal a sheer bra .
tr	NNS	""" Looks like somebody lost his balls . """
tr	NN	Thank goodness she hadn 't denied herself this fun experience .
tr	NN	Placing her hands on top his shoulders , she slid her wet pussy along his cock , coating him with her juices .
tr	NNS	""" You 'll do fine Henry , the first time is the hardest , "" Ms. Roberts said encouragingly ."
tr	NNS	I 'd get the PR folks cranking out the propaganda .
tr	NNS	""" Leave coins behind where ?"
tr	NN	She picked up her handbag and strode off to the washroom , determined on being what she was supposed to be for Jake .
tr	NN	I rotate a candle in my hand .
tr	NN	She can change the uniform she wears or the man that 's hanging off of her arm .
tr	NN	His hand glided up her thigh , cupped her entrance .
tr	NNS	The Hab mostly uses the batteries at night .
tr	NN	""" He married Mama because he knew a part Mexican , part Apache woman would never stand up to him or raise her voice to him ."
tr	NNS	""" Looks like all dirt roads , back roads and then it falls away to nothing ."
tr	NNS	The automatic pilot starts up the engines .
tr	NN	I had the wild urge to laugh as I pictured Darth Vader 's helmet descending on Abbot 's head .
tr	NN	Joseph turned the knob and pushed the door open .
tr	NN	The wooden door slamming vibrated the whole hut .
tr	NN	""" I make a mean martini . """
tr	NNS	The rope on Tara 's ankles restricted her movements .
tr	NN	She 'll have a heavy hangover tomorrow , but her job isn 't exactly brain surgery .
tr	NNS	Then he called the flight crews for Air One and Air Two .
tr	NNS	Gwen opened her senses a little and watched his aura as he shut down the SUV 's engine .
tr	NN	I pinched the cherry off my cigarette and stepped on it .
tr	NNS	"I brought you the twenty bucks I owed you . """
tr	NN	""" Only these don 't have insignia ."
tr	NNS	She has visions of some kind .
tr	NNS	Stave chuckled and his laughter brought more stares from the town 's residents .
tr	NN	Almost lazily , I drew the feather across the joint of the claw that held me .
tr	NN	When he turned back to her , he saw her panicking .
tr	NN	I read some manuscript once , centuries ago , and laughed and laughed at the words in it .
tr	NNS	The young woman sang her bitter taunts .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths , trying to calm myself .
tr	NNS	He brushed fragments of paper off his increasingly greasy suit .
tr	NN	Sam had a mysterious effect on him .
tr	NN	If Doug 's in a hurry I could just empty out a tea jar and fill it with the stuff .
tr	NN	""" I forgot protection ."
tr	NN	We have a reputation for being very aggressive , and we don 't mind taking chances if our clients instruct us to .
tr	NNS	"It allows medical workers a glimpse into how a person 's body is working "" George said ."
tr	NN	He tapped the litter beneath him .
tr	NNS	If it was an isolated plot , we will surgically remove those elements .
tr	NN	She suddenly recalled the pond and the children she had come so close to , but none of them had affected her in this way .
tr	NNS	""" What , you don 't like cats ? """
tr	NN	""" You 've played a keyboard before , right ? """
tr	NNS	On the ride back to Amarillo I planned my activities for the following week .
tr	NNS	He felt his powers growing as he kissed her cheek , and he quickened his fingers .
tr	NNS	My gaze fixes on a small splotch of blood on the collar of his pale blue shirt .
tr	NN	She made a vague gesture with one hand .
tr	NNS	Why waste forty-three dollars to take the test ?
tr	NN	He made his way to the teleporter room , gave the ID code of Stephen 's phone , and the world shimmered out of view .
tr	NN	None of you really wants justice or you would 've got some by now .
tr	NN	""" I could retire and buy a condo in Miami . """
tr	NNS	Ronnie watched layers of the building float past them and felt as if he were gazing out on fantastic terrariums of human activity .
tr	NN	It 's time Brax learns a lesson in respect .
tr	NN	That might add credibility to the entry she had found .
tr	NN	"We need a condom . """
tr	NN	""" We 're getting our revenge . """
tr	NN	He had a cough and tummy ache that had persisted for a few days .
tr	NN	He grabbed his rifle from the closet and drove to the woods near the abandoned farmhouse .
tr	NNS	""" I use old-fashioned oats instead of the quick kind , which is what the original recipe called for ."
tr	NN	""" I had the impression that was a backwater . """
tr	NNS	He still wore his slacks , though the top button was undone .
tr	NN	Not only Texas , but much of the world enjoyed his candy .
tr	NN	Kasey and the Brothers It really was just ahead thank goodness .
tr	NNS	"Altogether big bucks . """
tr	NNS	He also couldn 't help but notice the freckles dotting her nose , or the pink hue the warm afternoon brought to her cheeks .
tr	NNS	And now he commanded Jess to the back deck to look at stars .
tr	NN	Her scent made his body ache .
tr	NN	You can give her advice .
tr	NN	I committed every last detail to memory .
tr	NNS	She peeled her stockings off slowly , one at a time , and tossed them aside as well .
tr	NNS	"I envision ruffles and teddy bears every time I see it . """
tr	NN	""" Understood , we will follow our last command and seek and destroy the enemy ! """
tr	NNS	""" Four thousand bucks ."
tr	NNS	Stars filled the heavens , and the white road of the Milky Way blazed across the sky .
tr	NN	He let out a groan of frustration that tore into my ear and I held the phone a few inches away but didn 't give in .
tr	NNS	Soldiers only surrounded the buildings .
tr	NN	Calmly , certainly , Rachel uttered the command he had used to disperse her fire attack .
tr	NNS	What other sorts of terrors could he create ?
tr	NN	He stood transfixed , overpowered by the wonder of the beautiful bright star in the sky .
tr	NNS	Sitting in Teleport 's salon , Albert was studying several systems reports on an electronic tablet .
tr	NNS	Had the sound of the rain and wind dulled Shelby 's senses , so the approach of the trespasser was totally unexpected ?
tr	NN	She gave a faux shudder .
tr	NN	Now Thomas was feeling the hunger .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any apologies .
tr	NN	She heard the venom in his voice and wondered what the woman had been like .
tr	NNS	And they had a few cigarettes .
tr	NNS	He 'd gone through all my Buffy tapes , and I didn 't have Angel .
tr	NN	At the weapon she 'd just had the good fortune to stumble across .
tr	NNS	""" And they hate the highways that pass through the desert ."
tr	NNS	""" Good , "" Tom says to himself and then stares at Mack ."
tr	NNS	Yes , damn drafty hallways .
tr	NNS	Through their fragrance Eleazar smelled darker scents : bitter salts and acrid spices gathered according to an ancient Essene text .
tr	NNS	""" I 've been teaching folks how to shoot for a while now ."
tr	NN	I give it a twist .
tr	NNS	He pulled back the covers on the bed and shifted the mattress ; no signs of bug life .
tr	NN	He had a preliminary file on the man , along with files on many others who had witnessed the blast .
tr	NNS	"We watched the monkeys and pitched peanuts into the cage . """
tr	NN	"Take care of yourself , and be careful on the streets , "" Jim picked up his briefcase and walked out the door of the station ."
tr	NNS	"How did you find the carriage 's accommodations ? """
tr	NN	""" Did he specify capture ? """
tr	NNS	They both held their breaths waiting for the riders to disappear behind a half-dozen scraggly trees that stood alone at the bottom corner of their hill .
tr	NN	Sweat makes my body slick with a bright sheen .
tr	NN	Later , he silently told his cock , which leapt at the idea of getting near her breasts .
tr	NN	My mother looked unreal , a stranger to our eyes .
tr	NNS	Too much magic under one roof caused currents of energy to surge sometimes .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his temples and mumbled incoherently .
tr	NNS	He continued his slow movements along his engorged shaft , his hand gripping the base and sliding up over the sensitive tip .
tr	NN	""" Dolores Oaks , you have a class three power supply leak ."
tr	NN	In this case , I asked the lab to use uranium dating .
tr	NNS	As if they 'd been together like this just yesterday instead of more than a decade ago , he found her pleasure points with unerring accuracy .
tr	NN	I sit Indian style on the bench with the stats book on my lap and the pencil in my mouth , ready to go .
tr	NNS	He had no rights to her .
tr	NNS	The next breath I inhale shudders in my chest .
tr	NNS	""" Nah , live dangerously and blow off the homework ."
tr	NNS	""" Eleven yards . """
tr	NNS	Little beads of sweat were running along her rounded breasts , into the valley between them .
tr	NNS	I had no legal rights over the twins , and because of my love for my family , I never would .
tr	NNS	His blood was dripping down his hides .
tr	NN	Newton resumed his pacing , pointing at the young constable .
tr	NNS	Riley despised CCD classes .
tr	NN	Yesterday they 'd filmed a handful of montage scenes of Smith 's character , Graham , slowly wooing Tatiana 's character , Jo .
tr	NNS	He hated shots , needles , the whole medical shebang .
tr	NN	Alistair withdrew his thigh from between her legs .
tr	NNS	Still , Mom accepted two cups before sitting on the couch .
tr	NNS	This one brings crates of medical supplies and a crew of six medics - I can tell by their distinctive white outfits .
tr	NNS	He didn 't like loud noises .
tr	NN	Eddie still had youth and good health on his side , as well as the family longevity he 'd mentioned .
tr	NN	""" You 'd better not be , "" Edna told her granddaughter , even as she frowned at her daughter ."
tr	NN	Giant sycamores -- their leaves shed for winter -- dominated the landscape .
tr	NN	She 'd never liked Sal 's security chief .
tr	NNS	""" They make dollar coins ? """
tr	NN	She 'd given him her virginity for goodness sake and he held a big clump of her heart in his hands .
tr	NNS	Luke unhooked his daggers , eyes narrowing as he turned to me .
tr	NNS	""" Deckard rubbed his temples with the palms of his hands ."
tr	NNS	Halfway through the book , I found our pages .
tr	NNS	"We need those artifacts . """
tr	NNS	""" We can 't test Rags ."
tr	NN	He would also probably want an update .
tr	NN	Jacob smiled his favor with her way of thinking .
tr	NN	Luckily for Morn , he had learned the failsafe phrase by accident months earlier , after overhearing a private discussion between the Emperor and his engineers .
tr	NN	"I can throw a football over the mountains . """
tr	NN	At the moment the young man stood stiffly , hands behind his back , staring at a spinning map of the globe .
tr	NN	I tasted tape on his lips , mint on his tongue .
tr	NN	I hated the pleading in my voice .
tr	NN	From behind us charged the first onslaught , and there were so many .
tr	NN	"None claimed my talisman in the previous war , and none will claim it now . """
tr	NNS	They included leaders in their respective fields , many Nobel Prize winners .
tr	NN	He picked up his briefcase and headed toward the door .
tr	NN	""" I have a lightweight metal ramp that telescopes ."
tr	NNS	As time went on , both brothers started families of their own along the Sabine River .
tr	NNS	It could level whole lands with a sweep of a hand .
tr	NNS	"Like I mentioned last night , we mainly do cattle here . """
tr	NNS	He did not press any more servants on her , although he privately thought that she really should have at least one more girl and a butler .
tr	NN	When the haggling was over and the bargains met , they smiled and told themselves , they had made the best trade .
tr	NNS	Caring about someone so much has put the dangers into perspective .
tr	NN	""" Fire department on the way ."
tr	NN	""" I asked the jeweler what kind of ring could be worn while scaling down the side of a building and this is what he suggested . """
tr	NN	It wakes up the Phoenix bird in you so you rise above the ashes .
tr	NNS	"See you later , Cass . """
tr	NNS	I belted out the lyrics to every song on the radio when I was on my way home .
tr	NN	Jeremy , a girl hopefully only gets one proposal .
tr	NN	Panic slithered up her spine , lodging itself in her throat .
tr	NNS	Or Bishop ... That familiar gnawing of guilt attacked my insides with renewed strength .
tr	NNS	His admission sent talons of hope soaring through her veins .
tr	NN	Overhead , sea gulls screamed their defiance to the wind , swooping and diving in an endless dance .
tr	NN	She stole a peek at Fin dressed in a kilt .
tr	NN	""" And a couple of girls started bragging about losing their virginity . """
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of a solid granite wall , seemingly undisturbed for centuries .
tr	NNS	It rained four consecutive weekends last summer , which killed their outdoor crowd and live music .
tr	NNS	The author holds the rights to this work .
tr	NN	Following instructions , he entered the rear wagon 's cage .
tr	NNS	They could see the silhouettes of people walking along the top of the wall .
tr	NN	I 've had a sharp pinch to work my way .
tr	NNS	He had blood stains on the front of his shirt .
tr	NNS	Why not use our skills ?
tr	NNS	Better to cut his losses than waste any more men in this failed gambit .
tr	NN	"Why would I sacrifice a god ? """
tr	NN	I heard the resentment in his voice .
tr	NN	"First gaining traction in the 1960s , this discipline addresses the general ( and universal ) theme of "" How should we live and die ? """
tr	NNS	""" I have my doubts about these two subjects . """
tr	NNS	Turning to face him , I shoved the palms of my hands against his chest .
tr	NNS	One day and I was already seeing ghosts .
tr	NNS	Food trucks and various activities for children lined the sidewalks .
tr	NN	Each of these has a private balcony with a sliding glass door that opens out onto the atrium .
tr	NNS	Her eyes grew a little wistful , distant .
tr	NN	And yes we have the equipment and resources . '
tr	NN	I still have that vest and those leather pants somewhere ... unless the maids carried them off and burned them .
tr	NN	The nuns had always run the ferry traffic on Summer Island , but it was still a shock to see that nothing had changed .
tr	NNS	Red pads covered the floors and lined the walls , and there were large punching bags placed throughout .
tr	NN	But then , she had possession of its mouth , as well .
tr	NNS	Unable to think of anything else to do , she jotted down numbers that Valerie had stored in the cell 's phone book .
tr	NNS	He had caught fragments of hushed conversation and heard muffled giggles .
tr	NNS	""" Follow my instincts ."
tr	NNS	One last flash of the Black drained the Warlord 's Jewels and burned out all of the man 's psychic power , finishing the kill .
tr	NN	Far below him a vast plain rolled into the distance and beyond it blue cliffs rose , made ethereal by the ocean of air .
tr	NN	Ridge gave a snort .
tr	NN	"I won 't share even a glimpse of you with someone else . """
tr	NNS	Vlad brushed the floral bits out of my hands .
tr	NN	They 'll get a search warrant and tear the house apart until they find me .
tr	NN	Hating them was like hating the Easter bunny .
tr	NN	He set her hairbrush and his newspaper in one of two remaining empty chairs .
tr	NN	They didn 't have a translator , but it sounded more angry than scared .
tr	NNS	The royal tailor tacked more ribbons to Lucien 's good velvet hunting coat .
tr	NN	""" Didn 't anyone ever tell you my secret nickname ?"
tr	NN	I have a legacy , and I 'm going to be true to it .
tr	NNS	Remember all the stares we got when we started wearing sneakers instead of work boots ? '
tr	NN	I entered the foyer , and the vaulted ceiling with an enormous wrought iron chandelier immediately caught my attention .
tr	NN	I felt strangely passive , as if nothing mattered that much .
tr	NN	Jake felt the interruption like a kick to the gut .
tr	NN	The wind sweeps away the haze and reveals the world in all its crispness .
tr	NNS	But I took a few deep breaths , and it did help a little .
tr	NNS	We were silent a few more beats and I eventually turned the Land Rover into the circular drive of Kingsley .
tr	NN	""" Oh my god ! """
tr	NN	I stopped pacing in front of Caden .
tr	NN	And it had the marvelous sheen of such paintings , a gloss that no synthetic material can create .
tr	NN	He has a reputation for snapping his temper easily .
tr	NNS	We need the fires .
tr	NN	Albert checked the clip in the semi-automatic gun , unlocked the safety , and sat up slightly .
tr	NNS	""" The agent has two houses lined up on this side of town ."
tr	NNS	"Maybe give us a million dollars . """
tr	NNS	""" She 's got issues ."
tr	NNS	"My Board of Directors would have preferred six months actual data , but Dag convinced us there were time constraints . """
tr	NNS	Victor rose and surveyed the shattered ruins of the compound .
tr	NN	Within seconds , he had a large , spiked gauntlet on each hand .
tr	NNS	Ray gave me a few more rapid blinks .
tr	NN	Maybe she should splurge and get new eyeliner .
tr	NNS	Your assignment is located at : The Rosewood Academy 's state-of-the-art laundry facilities .
tr	NN	I didn 't dispute his assessment .
tr	NN	""" Indian chief ? """
tr	NN	Feeling as if I were about to collapse , I pulled back the curtain on my bed and swallowed a scream .
tr	NNS	She was busy at the side of the van , washing dishes , when he strutted around the side , and sweep her up into his arms .
tr	NN	Eva wanted every detail of the new scheme in the library .
tr	NN	His eyes had come alight at the mere mention of the idea .
tr	NN	He stood up , then began pacing the room .
tr	NNS	I brought some servants to help you dress and prepare for the Wedding .
tr	NNS	Or , if they were willing , he might promise them all sorts of things .
tr	NNS	We both had good families , good lives , but it wasn 't good enough .
tr	NN	So , I attempted the climb up there and discovered that it was truly beautiful .
tr	NN	Covered in sweat , I threw a pillow over my head and tried to fall back asleep .
tr	NNS	That had just seriously lowered my chances .
tr	NNS	The burger stand was situated five blocks above the Pier , facing the road that sloped down to meet the highway running parallel to the ocean .
tr	NNS	she then asked her students .
tr	NN	""" I can 't remember every detail , Celeste ."
tr	NN	After many conversations with Kata about this topic , she understood the psychology of it .
tr	NNS	Shaking with effort , he clamped his palms over his ears .
tr	NN	She had the impression of a great man , one used to wealth and authority , probably terribly humiliated by his present circumstances .
tr	NN	She heard a disturbance behind her and turned to see two horses galloping up the road .
tr	NNS	I make a few trips until the car is empty .
tr	NNS	Then Mack would have other targets to micromanage .
tr	NN	Myself , I was wearing only a light windbreaker .
tr	NN	""" We 'll have her ready for her adventure , my Lord Emperor ."
tr	NN	A shiver raced down my spine .
tr	NN	The older man brushed a feather across her hair .
tr	NNS	"She streamed the visions into my head and that 's how I got the job done . """
tr	NN	But ... I should respect donor who , with a good heart brought this from the other end of Bird 's World . '
tr	NNS	Love knew all the tricks .
tr	NNS	I didn 't even have contacts in , displaying instead the dorky glasses I wouldn 't be caught dead wearing in public .
tr	NN	She snagged a paper towel and came back to clean up the rest .
tr	NN	He zipped up the backpack after that and hefted it over his shoulder .
tr	NNS	Now he 's made ten yards , and another ten .
tr	NN	It only made her hotter .
tr	NN	She pulled free a vial , then poured the liquid into his mouth .
tr	NN	His laughter chafed her spine .
tr	NNS	He had been working these lands for many years and had had little trouble , so no reason for it to come now .
tr	NNS	The forest stopped a few yards from the pyramid 's bottom step .
tr	NNS	As far as he knew , the old arms master was still giving out the slaps that were meant to sting pride rather than injure flesh .
tr	NNS	""" Have you learned your body 's signals for changing ? """
tr	NNS	' We want no more excuses , slayer .
tr	NNS	""" Inside the bags you will find two suits ."
tr	NNS	Munro positioned the sentries .
tr	NNS	Even when the laws escalated to oppression and death because particular administrations created them , police followed blindly .
tr	NNS	A town that welcomed you back today with open arms and home made scones . '
tr	NNS	He handed out the desired cards .
tr	NN	To free Helena up for her little vacation he also hired a translator for himself .
tr	NNS	When my eyes were appropriately lubricated , I scanned my surroundings from where I lay .
tr	NNS	Alexis lit the six candles .
tr	NNS	We were discussing the crowds of people .
tr	NN	"I have a standing appointment . """
tr	NNS	The fading light of the fires reflected off its shining red scales .
tr	NNS	Because of pride or lust or envy or all three , she would stop Adonis from having the afterlife he deserved , and I hated her .
tr	NNS	""" Terry 's bringing marinated mushrooms . """
tr	NN	The clear morning gave no heed to the horrific night she had just endured .
tr	NN	Besides , maybe she 'd accept his peace offering and some of her anger with him would ease .
tr	NNS	Chapter Twenty-six Two days later , Tim 's following my directions to Mom 's campaign office for an interview .
tr	NN	We 'll give them the postcard ; it will be checked for evidence .
tr	NN	"When will y ' head out par your sibling ? """
tr	NNS	Fortunately she had sandals that fit Joey .
tr	NN	They have a reputation for a reason .
tr	NNS	If their bedroom chamber walls could talk ... Will would stuff their mouths with cement and be done with it !
tr	NNS	We don 't need any more distractions during the day .
tr	NN	""" To avoid permanent decommission , I bounced my consciousness and all relevant data to the nearest unit . """
tr	NN	And it heard the hammering .
tr	NN	""" You do have a motorcycle ."
tr	NNS	The village elder posted two sentries to guard the now sacred body of the sacrifice .
tr	NN	And then , finally , they were saying goodnight to Billy and were back in Smith 's car .
tr	NNS	""" Does it have other blossoms ? """
tr	NN	He devours the dossier , but shortly after it ends abruptly .
tr	NNS	She swept her oiled palms down his back , paused on his ass cheeks , and squeezed .
tr	NNS	I lift my mattress and place her beneath it before following my roommates to breakfast .
tr	NN	Seeing that manatee with Irina gave me the sensation that I was getting a second chance to experience something sublime .
tr	NN	She caught a single glimpse of his face , all angles and pallor and scars , before he drew a stele from his robe .
tr	NN	""" Maybe they used some accelerating substance ? """
tr	NNS	"And I 'll give you the five hundred dollars when we get back home tonight . """
tr	NNS	""" You mean prayers ? """
tr	NNS	""" Please , accept my apologies ."
tr	NN	At her car , she quickly pressed the lock release and slid into the driver 's side .
tr	NN	"Why did you do a review on my family 's restaurant ? """
tr	NNS	""" Only smouldering ruins ."
tr	NNS	""" Excellent , "" said the duchess gruffly ."
tr	NN	For some reason , she felt an urge to explain .
tr	NN	""" Why doesn 't plastic bother the lesser fey ? """
tr	NN	She twirls a clump of her hair with one finger .
tr	NNS	Thus armed , he took Sherry 's reins in his free hand and flicked .
tr	NN	"Quit whining and start . """
tr	NNS	""" You had two opportunities to get Laura , and you didn 't take either of them . """
tr	NNS	Ellison must have put cameras in the big living room and one on the front porch .
tr	NN	' Keep your faith , Adri .
tr	NNS	""" How fast can you run two hundred yards ? """
tr	NN	""" You mean the Cheyenne who 's now going out with Joe ? """
tr	NNS	I just send out the Christmas cards to everyone in your address book .
tr	NN	Dom took out the fireman and three others attracted by the sound entered .
tr	NN	They kept a steady vigil of hate in their eyes to any that passed by .
tr	NN	And tomorrow she would make her own leap of faith with no guarantees of where she 'd land .
tr	NN	We walked down the silent passageway , but instead of slipping into the library or somewhere she took me into the giant garden .
tr	NNS	Jackson had invited two other Greeks and they arrived , quite fashionably , an hour late .
tr	NN	I could feel his fingers tremble not with anger this time .
tr	NNS	She had pink slippers on her feet , pink rollers in her hair , and a little black dog at the end of a leash .
tr	NN	I just had an epiphany this morning and I feel that I need to be there .
tr	NN	"With a big smile , he said , "" I won the Philadelphia Inquirer 's writing contest ! """
tr	NNS	"Ready the ships for departure . """
tr	NNS	""" Your tax dollars ? """
tr	NNS	We 've been getting our own trays now , since he seems to think I want nothing but salad .
tr	NN	All I had to do was show my ID .
tr	NNS	The border patrol had attack dogs .
tr	NN	"We have a chocolate cake for her . """
tr	NN	Kate let the odd thought flow past her , too far gone to even worry about the eventual fallout when her brain clicked back on .
tr	NN	M. de la Lande conducted a lively tune .
tr	NNS	""" He had visions of the future ."
tr	NN	I was thinking maybe a rug .
tr	NN	And when he gives me one of his rare smiles my stomach flips and my heart pounds .
tr	NNS	Blue fell backwards , took two stumble steps , then landed on his back .
tr	NNS	One of the utility men made a few adjustments and patted a ready signal .
tr	NN	He pulled out a handful of plastic cards .
tr	NNS	The pilots had already placed four insulated crates on the ground , preparing for fast handoffs and quick bunny hops out of the park .
tr	NNS	More than baseball players love steroids .
tr	NN	She felt the same compulsion .
tr	NN	He heard a scratching at the door to the kitchen and a muffled yip .
tr	NN	Ben lay there , motionless , arm falling limp over the edge of the stretcher .
tr	NN	I picked up a beetle and looked at it carefully ; it didn 't move .
tr	NN	He held in his hands the familiar sty shovel , having just brought it down upon the bloodthirsty monster 's head .
tr	NNS	The machine spat out the pages in quick order .
tr	NNS	""" A hundred and twenty-two thousand dollars . """
tr	NNS	I grab her thighs and pull her back to me , and she feels even tighter this way , if that 's possible .
tr	NN	"You have a good imagination ; just picture the teacher that your Aunt Theodosia would hire for you . """
tr	NN	With each second those things didn 't happen , Jason silently thanked a god he hadn 't spoken to in years .
tr	NN	""" I demand equal treatment ! """
tr	NN	In a spray of blood , her teeth tore a chunk of skin from his neck .
tr	NNS	They didn 't take away parental instincts from us .
tr	NNS	Noticing that the water in the pool bubbled in reaction to his anger , he took several deep breaths to calm himself .
tr	NN	The plush leather cushion had a sloping design that catered to a woman 's curves .
tr	NNS	"With such power I shall make the leaders of the Earth bow before me and rule all that is . """
tr	NNS	Water cascaded over the deep scratches and gouges in Eric 's body , cleansing him , but unable to ease his pain .
tr	NNS	We 've both experienced your fighting skills .
tr	NNS	I was timing my three breaks so that each one would coincide with catching a bit of my favorite classes , or seeing my favorite instructors .
tr	NNS	""" You gave me multiple orgasms and never hurt me ."
tr	NNS	"I 've had enough surprises for one day . """
tr	NN	His eyes rounded to hers , his cocky grin flashed that damn dimple , the one that did a number on her stomach .
tr	NN	"To sell the harpy for the sacrifice . """
tr	NNS	Otis had two monkeys that helped him grade the roads around Black Oak .
tr	NNS	The woman replenished both their cups and left .
tr	NNS	""" You read my cards ? """
tr	NN	"We 'll order pizza . """
tr	NN	I also tried to protect you by not telling you we had set a trap to catch Howard .
tr	NNS	He had visions of chasing away a horde of armed security guards , dodging their bullets and dragging her limp body to safety .
tr	NN	""" We both have a version of the hand of blood ."
tr	NNS	"If you die , I don 't have the skills to save Orchid on my own , "" Maria said , her voice still blank and unemotional ."
tr	NNS	They planted the seeds that same day .
tr	NN	But as Isabella , I 've earned my status .
tr	NNS	""" Well , we 've had failed meetings before ."
tr	NN	This time , Waldo didn 't restrain his glare .
tr	NNS	Of course , every other room in the school gets plastic chairs .
tr	NNS	It has members who instinctively seek to expose weakness in others .
tr	NNS	The vibration made my insides all squishy and happy .
tr	NN	As she marched back into the Luxor , she couldn 't help but feel blind fury .
tr	NNS	Because you trust your senses .
tr	NNS	""" Our deepest wishes or worst fears or something . """
tr	NNS	"We 've got errands to run . """
tr	NNS	He slammed his palms repeatedly against the high stone wall , and each time sparks would explode and smoke would rise .
tr	NNS	We just made the deliveries .
tr	NNS	Visibly relieved at the change in the conversation , Creek gave him directions .
tr	NNS	The stations closer to Underground London Zone had tunnels but these outer ones didn 't .
tr	NN	""" Girl , you 'd be saving my butt . """
tr	NNS	""" I don 't get butterflies ! """
tr	NNS	Esme placed the dishes in the sink with a loud clatter and turned , her eyes blazing .
tr	NNS	She grabbed his arm , her face only inches away .
tr	NNS	""" Shouldn 't you get those pages ? """
tr	NNS	She personally handed out knotted arm bands to those she considered warriors .
tr	NN	We can have a pizza .
tr	NNS	The vamps bared their fangs , their faces twisted at the intrusion into their lair .
tr	NN	Pierce sketched a cheerful salute and departed for the kitchen .
tr	NN	"Have you called the owner yet ? """
tr	NN	Benjamin taught finance at a small college in Texas .
tr	NNS	Ellie pulled the chicken breasts she had been marinating from the refrigerator .
tr	NNS	A new leader can purge the party members .
tr	NN	"But this scenario raises one other intriguing possibility . """
tr	NNS	He could barely imagine multiple generations of his family marching back beyond truly modern time .
tr	NN	The newcomer had a grimy patch over his eye , a decided limp , and a stench like putrid flesh .
tr	NN	She found a soft t-shirt with little pink flowers and a grabbed one of my pink cardigans .
tr	NNS	"And you 're still doing drugs ? """
tr	NN	Rhiannon gave a small snicker .
tr	NN	His steps belied his physical health as he confidently lengthened his stride .
tr	NN	He even took his baseball cap off in the library .
tr	NNS	No half-empty coffee cups .
tr	NNS	But they had spent centuries trying to absolve their sins .
tr	NN	Although they all accepted him , only one university , Northern Mackinaw University , offered a scholarship .
tr	NN	Instead , she 'd gotten a goddamn marriage proposal .
tr	NNS	""" They have security cameras and guards happy to shoot you as soon as they see you ."
tr	NNS	Those blue eyes said volumes about her opinion of him .
tr	NNS	Gale 's plan exceeds anyone 's expectations .
tr	NNS	The ground around them is slippery with blood , littered with demon limbs , chunks of flesh , even a head or two .
tr	NN	He obeyed the judge 's command and lowered himself to the chair .
tr	NNS	Jeff shoved the dishes and paperwork off of the edge of the bench and sat down .
tr	NN	That doesn 't justify the fraud .
tr	NN	"And yet , some still speak regretfully of the royals who left , bearing the blood of the First Returned to their highlands . """
tr	NNS	""" So I can see ghosts ."
tr	NN	But before she could make it down the stairs , she saw her daughter riding into the courtyard .
tr	NN	Unearthing a small hand mirror out of a bottom drawer in a corner , he surveyed the effect with a critical and dispassionate eye .
tr	NN	Within seconds he sucked her nipple into his mouth .
tr	NNS	Many of them didn 't get their spears down in time .
tr	NN	Mr. Badass didn 't need anybody to go with him , oh no .
tr	NN	He had no shortage of dyes around from the current polymer sphere experiments , so he was able to mix up several quick tests .
tr	NN	openly , so that the earl would know he had defied his command , or to do it clandestinely so that they wouldn 't be interrupted .
tr	NNS	They 'd exchanged phone numbers and Julia had smiled her way through her shift that day .
tr	NN	Vampire scientists developed the substitute more than one hundred fifty years before and the vampire community was dependent on it for sustenance .
tr	NN	He took off his backpack and rummaged through it .
tr	NNS	""" I have a few more mouths to feed . """
tr	NNS	He tucked her breasts inside her dress , straightening her neck clasp .
tr	NNS	I would go backstage , tell him how brilliant he was , and leave .
tr	NN	The nearing lights then silhouetted Stu 's lean frame .
tr	NNS	She 'd broadcasted her doubts to him .
tr	NNS	The lawyer picked up the cards and slipped gently into the computer case .
tr	NN	I sensed a deeper meaning in his words .
tr	NN	She recognized the station wagon .
tr	NNS	""" You turn the knobs to get the water into the tub ."
tr	NN	"You have the most spectacular rack on the planet , but I 'm sure you know that . """
tr	NN	Riley read the illuminated dial of his wristwatch .
tr	NN	I found a rock resting next to a small trickling creek .
tr	NNS	Dickie put the coins in his coat pocket .
tr	NN	He 'd always disliked protocol .
tr	NN	While his youth made him unpalatable , at least he had the proper equipment in his pants .
tr	NNS	Lovely women , a rarity in men 's clubs at least in London , offered trays of drink and slender ivory wrists or shoulders .
tr	NNS	""" Remember the numbers next to your names ."
tr	NNS	At least her coven was stepping up to the plate , witches motivating like crazy .
tr	NN	Grayling could have easily misjudged his landing and gone tumbling down to the street level .
tr	NNS	The shelves had some neatly folded rags , a couple quarts of unopened motor oil , and coiled extension cords .
tr	NNS	Friends didn 't read other friends ' texts .
tr	NNS	I felt my insides melt a little at the picture of Ryder , holding his coffee cup with both of his absurdly masculine hands .
tr	NNS	""" They make manly candles now . """
tr	NN	He deserved the tormenting he was about to get .
tr	NN	Steve turned and marched to the front door , but stopped , his hand gripping the knob .
tr	NNS	The walls had tall gray panels and small flashing red lights .
tr	NN	While it was heating , I layered the tortilla casserole , including the grated cheese , and popped it in the freezer .
tr	NNS	""" More than forty cigarettes a day ? """
tr	NN	Lucan Thorne 's grim face filled the flat-screen monitor on the wall of the Boston Command Center .
tr	NN	Nicolas Kumar returned his cap atop his head .
tr	NN	He doesn 't have custody right now .
tr	NN	By the time he saw another grove of gigantic trees looming up ahead , his watch beeped , once , long and loud .
tr	NNS	Laila pats her pockets .
tr	NN	I felt the somber attitude of the morning cut through our happy moment and I reluctantly let go of my bride .
tr	NN	The Prince resisted the urge to comment and looked off into space , keeping his musings private .
tr	NN	""" Ok , "" before I could sit down , I quickly grabbed a fork and returned ."
tr	NNS	Next , he arranged all the chairs into 10 rows with 8 chairs each .
tr	NN	God , life really did suck sometimes .
tr	NNS	He 's standing a few paces away but doesn 't try to come any closer .
tr	NNS	"You may note the eleven rather large and irate furies trying to kill me at the moment . """
tr	NN	Not while there was a chance his brake lights would flash cherry and he 'd come back .
tr	NNS	She had other pressing issues that she could not ignore .
tr	NN	In amongst all this dirt lies the ignition of my desire .
tr	NNS	""" But what do you think the chances of that are ? """
tr	NN	I feel hysteria bubble up within me .
tr	NN	Caroline tugged up her bodice and fixed her beauty queen smile on her face .
tr	NN	Every hour or so , I would produce a handful of printouts , which she would then settle down to read .
tr	NNS	The image made her nauseous , which was probably a memory of either Lizzy or Tara .
tr	NN	Not being able to swim , he had offered little resistance to the water that kept pushing him down till he fainted .
tr	NNS	Now , its reach barely exceeded the workshop confines .
tr	NN	He had such an effect on me , and I began to wonder if it was because of our bond .
tr	NN	I tested the repair ; it seemed solid .
tr	NN	""" You do realize the decision to make us a final exam was arrived at without our input , much less our consent ?"
tr	NN	Without warning a sudden smile touched the lined countenance .
tr	NN	I didn 't get a recording .
tr	NN	He studied the clip for a second .
tr	NN	I hear my mother shout from the bottom of the stairs .
tr	NN	""" So did you bring protection ? """
tr	NN	"So stop pretending and tell me what 's up . """
tr	NNS	Ellie felt nauseous and felt bile rising at the back of her throat .
tr	NNS	They were getting nearer .
tr	NNS	Zack 's face spoke volumes to Fintan .
tr	NNS	She scanned the pages , gasping , her pupils dilating and turning white with visions .
tr	NNS	"Not many kids have diamond chandeliers in their dollhouses . """
tr	NN	Alex tapped his bat against first one foot , then the other , and she watched as red dirt clumped to the ground from his cleats .
tr	NNS	She 'd been blaming the changes on adjusting to married life .
tr	NNS	Or call Chess and tell her .
tr	NN	I printed out the article and phoned Ed .
tr	NNS	""" When I return I 'll have all your sons and daughters with me . """
tr	NN	Tucker pointed his pistol up .
tr	NN	Sarah slowly shrugged off her backpack , slightly embarrassed .
tr	NN	"Your bra doesn 't do you justice , but it doesn 't matter . """
tr	NNS	She didn 't need any more complications in her life .
tr	NNS	Have you watched the masses crawling over Gaia with steel and fire ?
tr	NNS	Eric read the first pages again .
tr	NNS	And even for them , booking a room would require references .
tr	NN	She stuck her fork into the cheesecake to emphasize her disagreement .
tr	NN	""" Deacon , I can call an apple a pear , but at the end of the day it 's still an apple ."
tr	NNS	"And you won 't like my methods , that I promise you . """
tr	NNS	Make apologies and take her out to lunch or something .
tr	NN	Charlie held his bloody thigh and grimaced in pain .
tr	NNS	Not to mention those eyelashes .
tr	NN	""" I know this valley ."
tr	NNS	Virgin white and innocent like the victims they held .
tr	NN	There hadn , t been a chance of his falling .
tr	NNS	So they must have high expectations for him .
tr	NN	I shrug a small shrug .
tr	NNS	""" Want some more , then , smartass ? """
tr	NN	Lacey crumpled her napkin and tucked it into her now empty cup .
tr	NN	He felt her stiffen , and then relax .
tr	NN	""" You have such potential if you would just open yourself up to the true possibilities of your nature , that part of you deeply vampire ."
tr	NN	She gave him a mock salute .
tr	NN	I touched the blossom to my nose , but smelled nothing .
tr	NNS	She brought the goblets to the table and set them down .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to cover myself as his gaze raked over me .
tr	NNS	The blade of the machete hovered inches from his chin .
tr	NN	He 'd received his promotion and was ready to defend corporate America .
tr	NNS	She marched herself to the closet and pulled out one of the brand new gowns Raoul had purchased for her .
tr	NNS	""" You have some serious issues . """
tr	NN	A small smudge of green must have missed the apron and hit her chin .
tr	NNS	We can talk figures later .
tr	NN	""" Wait a tic . """
tr	NNS	Regardless , after two weeks , I stopped my attempts , and the twins went on a strictly formula diet .
tr	NN	""" Did you find your net ? """
tr	NNS	The bald man accepted the reins from Rachel and Jason and began walking the horses toward the corral .
tr	NN	I clip each wire , rapidly .
tr	NN	Men turned feral and no longer thinking , no longer hoping or fearing ; men who had lost any sense of conscience .
tr	NN	With trembling hands she lifted the lid and gasped .
tr	NNS	""" Right now we are just gathering the data ."
tr	NNS	""" Woman 's got skills , Ab ."
tr	NNS	""" -- Herd us through the gate of the Necropolis like cattle to the slaughter ? """
tr	NNS	Most people already had by the time the machine scanned my fingerprints .
tr	NN	""" Why don 't you wear a beard like the other men ? """
tr	NN	Members of this council , do not accept this vote !
tr	NNS	"I haven 't crafted cards in a decade -- Russian cards longer than that . """
tr	NN	Jenn threw a towel at her , and Devon caught it , feeling shocked .
tr	NNS	* * * * She hated hospitals .
tr	NNS	Line up the deer in your sights , and bam .
tr	NNS	The tribe defends a circle , clans defend directions .
tr	NNS	In the darkness of the night , they heard and saw shadowy figures riding around moving the cattle into the loading pen .
tr	NN	Jack gleaned a strong impression of distance .
tr	NNS	See the scorch marks ?
tr	NNS	""" I learned the schematics of the tunnels under London ."
tr	NN	Her blond hair was so light , it shone platinum in the sunlight streaming through the many windows .
tr	NN	Tucker pulled the shepherd 's tactical vest out of his backpack .
tr	NNS	I feel an emptiness at times .
tr	NNS	Moving away was the first step , slowly cutting ties .
tr	NN	He risked a peek through barely open eyelids .
tr	NNS	""" Well , having a colt .45 under my bed can do wonders . """
tr	NN	I meant your hero .
tr	NN	As you approach nearer you make a gesture of greeting and the doorkeeper bows slightly in acknowledgement .
tr	NNS	"Save your judgments for later . """
tr	NNS	She made horrible noises and I knew better than to walk in when I heard those kinds of sounds .
tr	NNS	"To defeat Shifters . """
tr	NNS	By the fourth song he gently cupped her buttocks , rubbing his hands over the soft fabric of her red leggings .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't see any buildings that had not suffered damage , and very few that could even be recognized as buildings anymore .
tr	NN	If he didn 't , she would risk his rejection by telling him that she would be moving back to Seattle and hope for the best .
tr	NN	""" You 'll ruin my reputation ."
tr	NNS	""" She kick the drugs yet ? """
tr	NN	He dropped his empty briefcase on the concrete and sat on the bottom step .
tr	NN	She felt heat sweep up into her cheeks .
tr	NN	""" What if I told you we could offer you protection ?"
tr	NNS	Prime rib , turkey , two kinds of salad , steamed vegetables , potatoes , and all the works .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of herself in the rear view mirror and winced .
tr	NN	Initially , she would just grab a simple outfit from each of the stores , complete with underwear and accessories and shoes .
tr	NNS	Changing tack in her mind , Kathy examined the monitors .
tr	NNS	""" You didn 't notice anyone watching backstage , did you ? """
tr	NN	He lined up the needle at the beginning of track three and waited .
tr	NNS	""" Like philosophical objections to the concept ?"
tr	NN	""" Watching this silly duck in the pond . """
tr	NN	She couldn 't exactly make that claim .
tr	NNS	"It gave me nightmares for years . """
tr	NN	You no longer have any claim on my time , Jake . '
tr	NN	""" You see that bench over there , Rock ?"
tr	NNS	Then , I saw the whites of his eyes .
tr	NNS	"They 're giving him intravenous antibiotics , but he 's still unconscious . """
tr	NN	I had just popped the block of heaven into my mouth when someone tapped on my passenger side window .
tr	NN	""" What language is this ? """
tr	NNS	""" I 've got a compass that tells us what we already know -- we 're headed south ."
tr	NN	"Asia would have cut the rope . """
tr	NNS	""" You 'll lose more Reboots fighting a war against the humans ."
tr	NNS	Dean took the country roads too fast .
tr	NN	I can see the slight smirk on her face at my discomfort .
tr	NNS	He stroked her thighs apart and savored the sight of her glistening sex , then moved into position .
tr	NNS	"We 're having twins . """
tr	NNS	Leaves blinded their external sensors .
tr	NN	""" Wake the fuck up . """
tr	NN	""" Just turn on the television , "" he told his assistant ."
tr	NNS	He quickly summarized the terms .
tr	NNS	It kept his senses aroused and on edge .
tr	NNS	""" Let your instincts guide you . """
tr	NNS	They were walking a few paces in front of her .
tr	NN	The outhouse roof had a leak in it ... directly above the seat .
tr	NN	It entails a transition in the human mind .
tr	NNS	""" We didn 't use the extras . """
tr	NNS	They made sandwiches for dinner .
tr	NNS	She 'd make the other deliveries tomorrow if the roads in the Courtyard were passable .
tr	NNS	""" Oh He loved Judas ."
tr	NNS	She extinguished all the lamps , then lit the lighter and went back to the sarcophagus .
tr	NNS	""" Ah , that explains the missing cups . """
tr	NNS	Plus , we have medical teams to train .
tr	NN	Mr. More will be taking over both homeroom and history teaching duties from now until Mr. Lovejoy can return to us .
tr	NN	At last , I thought , I have reached the nation of poets .
tr	NNS	""" A computer can hold data , but can 't use it without being programmed ."
tr	NNS	She stepped inside the shed , which didn 't look like anything more than an ordinary shed .
tr	NN	Thank goodness she had just bought a new set .
tr	NN	He eyed the clock .
tr	NN	""" What classes do you take ? """
tr	NNS	"If you carry my name , you carry my burdens . """
tr	NN	She had perfected her sarcastic , uncaring attitude until it was an art form .
tr	NNS	Casey and Alex nodded encouragingly .
tr	NNS	""" Or they could be covering their tracks expertly , operating under radars that are yet to exist ? """
tr	NNS	""" Oh , thank heavens you 're here ."
tr	NNS	Marsh had found the servants .
tr	NNS	She knew too many would-be leaders and shakers of the world growing up in her father 's house .
tr	NN	Why bring your hobby into the jungle only to hide it away ?
tr	NNS	I could hear footfalls on the stairs .
tr	NN	He felt her flood with it , hurtling toward completion .
tr	NN	He has a pistol in his lap and is wearing brown and black military fatigues .
tr	NNS	She felt his hardness against her and the urge instantly came over her .
tr	NNS	They had few illusions about their own value to the villagers , or of the people 's drunken state .
tr	NNS	When the Muslim community gathers they offer collective prayers for the forgiveness of the dead .
tr	NN	This had an unexpected effect and I started choking on the air with each breath , trying to scream from the pain .
tr	NN	A rock caught her toe and she fell .
tr	NNS	I 've had offers to franchise , but it doesn 't feel right .
tr	NNS	He leaned down , his lips inches from my ear .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't trouble yourselves ."
tr	NN	The man pushed back his flat cap and looked at Reed then Golden then back to Reed .
tr	NNS	The list contained several references to dentistry and medical research about organs and tissue damage .
tr	NNS	"Which ones got the most points ? """
tr	NNS	Now he had built shelves and the shelves had spaces for storing boxes of objects from across the world and folders of information about these things .
tr	NN	My eyes roamed over those nice , hard abs and down to the waistband of his pants .
tr	NN	Katie put down her bagel and wiped her fingers on a paper napkin as intimacy flew right out the window .
tr	NNS	Those fantastic cake shops you have down at St. Kilda .
tr	NNS	Were they making babies , as demanded by Gilgamesh ?
tr	NN	Kane felt his own beard , yearning to sport his mustache again .
tr	NN	It has a strong red giant branch and red clump populations .
tr	NN	The recruits wore ridiculous thick padding to ensure no one got hurt .
tr	NN	""" You give me too much credit , Avery ."
tr	NN	""" But I made a clean getaway . """
tr	NN	Bastian smoothed the stray strand of hair away from my face .
tr	NNS	""" I 've taken some measures to limit the risks ."
tr	NNS	"You can 't waste your reserves on the nonessential . """
tr	NN	I briefly describe the incident .
tr	NN	""" You got something Markman , or you just bitched out ? """
tr	NNS	"To attract ships and lead them to the Disc . """
tr	NNS	Along the rest of the tunnel 's length stood military-style rifle racks .
tr	NNS	I withdrew my fangs and punched through his chest , ripping his heart out , shutting him up instantly .
tr	NNS	She gathered up the magazines around the room and stacked them neatly by his recliner chair .
tr	NN	Behind Vel , I enter a vault of some kind , filled with unfamiliar technology .
tr	NNS	"Even worse , he has bacteria and germs on him . """
tr	NNS	""" Did you make my pies ? """
tr	NN	"Kaitlyn felt a ripple in the web and was turning even as Gabriel said , "" Beats a campfire . """
tr	NNS	""" You have any whites ? """
tr	NNS	He then gave the resulting tapes to his band mates to learn .
tr	NN	"You can take your teddy with you . """
tr	NNS	Scanning the others , I see four other blues and one red .
tr	NNS	How she wished she had her powers to blast him and make him pay for this .
tr	NNS	"Magazines blanket the shelves with bylines proclaiming the "" Joys of Motherhood . """
tr	NNS	She studied her surroundings .
tr	NN	I was given the task of being the gatekeeper .
tr	NN	"Can I have another slice of pie ? """
tr	NNS	From across the still water Sarah could hear dogs barking and the loud laughter of men greeting each other .
tr	NNS	I can 't teach you any fancy rituals like hers , but I 'll be a friend for life .
tr	NN	Knox returned his handshake firmly .
tr	NN	"She a scary old witch , but she 's harmless . """
tr	NNS	""" I have the addresses of a couple of cabins that are for sale ."
tr	NN	""" But you like tennis , and I like you . """
tr	NNS	After an hour 's worth of calling I had garnered nine disconnected numbers , eleven voicemails and three actual people .
tr	NNS	I could feel several dozen pairs of eyes upon me as we made our way across the room .
tr	NNS	She could not allow all her efforts to be ruined now .
tr	NNS	""" We do have many regular clients here in the Phoenix area ."
tr	NN	"He read the clipping aloud . """
tr	NNS	You give them golden-haired freaks a sound pasting and I salute you all for that . '
tr	NN	"Then he tripped over the threshold on his way out the back door , where he stuck his head under the hose . """
tr	NN	Each of you has sworn an oath .
tr	NN	I felt his agitation .
tr	NN	""" Bad timing . """
tr	NN	He pushed off the frame , no longer relaxed .
tr	NNS	Wade pulled his goggles and snorkel on , and stepped back into the open hatch .
tr	NNS	"That night , she and Chapman paced the floors , wondering what to do , until she hit on an idea . """
tr	NNS	Being a lawyer has its good points .
tr	NN	It would create a paradox .
tr	NNS	""" Cindy , how many shots did you fire ? """
tr	NN	"I 've also assigned a security detail to guard the perimeter against any new threats . """
tr	NN	Lavina returned the firm handshake and nodded .
tr	NN	They 'd only be prolonging the worst misery a person could imagine .
tr	NN	Stuart removed his cashmere and folded it neatly on the back of his chair .
tr	NNS	The teachers who had stood by during the entire recess time like obedient sentries hurried the stragglers in doors .
tr	NN	""" First officer , supervise course acquisition from the pylon ."
tr	NN	"After we get our revenge on the gnomes , of course . """
tr	NNS	I have no illusions about my place or my role , Mrs. Henderson .
tr	NNS	I press my palms to her forehead , ignoring the heat of her flesh and the burning drops of liquid which strike my skin .
tr	NN	""" I suddenly get a promotion ? """
tr	NN	Sitting on top of his head sat a golden crown .
tr	NN	However , he did not question his command .
tr	NN	""" Why are you watching that tape , Norman ? """
tr	NN	We don 't really have a budget , though , so I would appreciate it if you could stay at your uncle 's place .
tr	NN	Thomas flipped off the concrete partition , up over the creature and blasted a barrage of gun fire into the top of his head .
tr	NNS	In one movement she kicked off the covers and flicked on the bedside lamp .
tr	NN	""" The exterior skin can only take so much punishment . """
tr	NNS	They weren 't taking any more chances that another mob of fundamentalists might show up and cause more trouble .
tr	NN	Jamil has equipment around here somewhere .
tr	NNS	I would be getting offers and proposals to star in other movies .
tr	NN	Sebastian understood the meaning of her words immediately .
tr	NNS	A law firm down the street had just given pink slips to thirty-five associates .
tr	NNS	When the egg hatches , the baby cuckoo pushes the other baby birds out of the nest .
tr	NN	His face lost its humor .
tr	NNS	""" But if the Leopard was serious about overthrowing the empire , he would need strong connections all across St. Petersburg and Moscow ."
tr	NN	Especially not while another Na ' ha was entering their small haven ... and it wasn 't alone .
tr	NNS	It had shelves that stretched floor to ceiling .
tr	NN	She was wearing an apron and used a dishtowel to wipe off a wooden spoon while she spoke with them .
tr	NN	And you will not survive the encounter .
tr	NNS	Not like this , not like this , I prayed fervently .
tr	NNS	But along the way , the travelers encounter all new dangers , both on land as well as in the sea .
tr	NNS	"In fact , I have photographs to pore over if necessary . """
tr	NNS	He picked up two paint tubes .
tr	NN	She snapped off the tape .
tr	NN	She had his protection , but she was afraid it might come at the cost of her soul .
tr	NN	He stroked his beard and pondered the question for a moment .
tr	NN	Kate grabbed the towel at the last minute and covered herself up but was thrilled as Carlo walked purposefully towards her stateroom .
tr	NN	He laid his briefcase on the toilet and took a moment to rinse sweat from his face in the washbasin .
tr	NN	Rob had that effect on me .
tr	NN	Just saying Logan 's name sent a flood of emotions through Melody .
tr	NNS	His voice shudders as I trail my palms across his body , tracing the lines of his torso .
tr	NNS	The flickering of light cast from the glow of candles shot their silhouettes on the walls .
tr	NNS	He used the elements against her .
tr	NN	I watched a butterfly , and a small bee , as each made the rounds of the flowers .
tr	NN	Finally , she scanned the woman 's last item , a carton of toothbrushes , and pushed the Total button .
tr	NNS	She made endless trays of food for ravenous boys and set out bowls of chocolate-covered dried cherries for the girls .
tr	NN	"This was a game , it wasn "" t real ."
tr	NN	""" When I was little , my dad made me a Belgian waffle we called Bob ."
tr	NNS	""" But you had your suspicions . """
tr	NN	""" I have a visitor ? """
tr	NN	Lisa opened the magazine to reveal a pull-out poster of Devon and some other guy , dressed in designer clothes , looking all posh and suave .
tr	NN	He spotted broken furniture that could have once been tables or beds .
tr	NN	Smaller ones control its flow , sending it through huge barrels .
tr	NNS	All of them had made multiple trips to set the transport markers .
tr	NNS	"We 'll freeze our butts off ! """
tr	NNS	Sheree had always hated hospitals .
tr	NNS	Here we have witch doctors to shrink heads .
tr	NNS	' She has hundred percent chances to win this contest . '
tr	NNS	I mean , most families around here and in the forest already have enough mouths to feed without adopting a child not of their own blood .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to wipe at it , since I couldn 't reach it anyway .
tr	NNS	""" Where did you get the steroids ? """
tr	NN	I already have a speculation of what he wants from me and that thought only grows when his finger drifts up my spine .
tr	NN	I felt a pang of sympathy for her .
tr	NNS	""" Some guys hit speeds of 120 mph in an eighth mile . """
tr	NN	The man had her running hotter than an engine without oil .
tr	NNS	Apple , peach and tuberose filled my senses .
tr	NN	From within a tent , a human narrated the video .
tr	NNS	"How many points have I contributed to the team this year , hmmm ? """
tr	NNS	Also , he has more powers than any Enforcer .
tr	NN	In a panic she whipped the rod the other way .
tr	NNS	"We had families to worry about . """
tr	NNS	She pulled the covers off the bed and grabbed some jeans and sweater to wear to take her dog for a walk .
tr	NN	"We have strawberry , hot fudge , and caramel . """
tr	NNS	She heard night noises , the croaking of frogs and the rushing of the river , with a peculiar intensity .
tr	NNS	She put down the wineglass and stood up ; then she moved to the window , staring out , as if her location had been the problem .
tr	NN	I heard his confession .
tr	NNS	I had left the blinds drawn up and the opaque curtains open , and the night unrolled past the glass in all its dark glory .
tr	NNS	Lea had troubles with all of her previous opponents .
tr	NN	I liked the sweet gesture .
tr	NNS	""" Microwave hot dogs - they 're still pretty hot - and Nachos and potato chips . """
tr	NN	Kali remembered Wes 's counsel and feigned complete ignorance .
tr	NNS	I 'd rather take my chances above than be trapped below .
tr	NN	It matched his British personality .
tr	NN	He returned the favor , wrapping her in his arms , pulling her deep in his body and dipping his chin to look down at her .
tr	NN	""" Not as such - "" "" You broke the Law ? """
tr	NN	""" This would explain the uproar around Val Hall ."
tr	NN	Franco led a sobbing Marita away , with Helena clucking soothing nonsense and promising a bath immediately .
tr	NNS	"Offer her weekends off , too ; we can go out . """
tr	NNS	"Also , you don 't have any powers of persuasion . """
tr	NNS	She pressed her palms against her cheeks , surprised that she had fallen asleep .
tr	NN	"I want a lawyer ! """
tr	NNS	Eddie and Emmy were deemed my legal guardians , leaving it up to them to decide which tests were too extreme to perform on a kid .
tr	NN	It took all my willpower not to try and gasp for air .
tr	NNS	Moving closer to the cellar , she examined several marks on the panel and the lintel .
tr	NNS	The blast of fury shook his insides .
tr	NNS	Did the horses eat your runners or what ?
tr	NN	We didn 't have a healer .
tr	NN	With a sharp mental command , I sent the clock flying toward his head .
tr	NN	"We don 't share every detail . """
tr	NNS	I walked up and down the hallways at school , wearing my beret and quoting the only poem I knew .
tr	NN	"She has a profound effect on you . """
tr	NNS	""" Cut off my balls ? """
tr	NNS	""" Now no-one shall have your treasures ."
tr	NNS	After breakfast , Mandy returned the dishes to Madge .
tr	NN	"We need new seed in our population , so let your troops know that they may give freely , without need of protection . """
tr	NN	Lydia 's face lit up the instant Alix stepped inside .
tr	NNS	""" But this house needs servants ."
tr	NNS	The enemy had exceeded his greatest efforts .
tr	NN	In response Jake gave a slight shrug .
tr	NN	As they let each other go , they almost resumed their old banter , but not quite .
tr	NN	Get outta here , Abraham .
tr	NNS	I checked my knives , knowing they were pristine and ready for action .
tr	NN	She stuck her candle inside , flopped onto her stomach and strained to see what she could see .
tr	NN	In the distance , Haven saw a bright pinpoint of red fire glowing amidst a sea of yellow and white city lights .
tr	NN	But we view justice differently .
tr	NN	The air in her room still held the lingering fragrance of a desert flower .
tr	NN	It made a striking contrast between modern and classical architecture .
tr	NN	I still have the condo .
tr	NNS	Once they were in orbit they had spotted several more ships leaving or returning to the planet , all of them through the North Pole opening .
tr	NN	Miranda spoke out another command .
tr	NNS	I 've already made the arrangements and the party is scheduled for tomorrow evening at eight .
tr	NNS	We sang the lyrics to each other , letting the impact of their words sink into our hearts .
tr	NNS	' You don 't get a million dollars . '
tr	NN	""" Relax and have a bath or something , okay ?"
tr	NNS	"He writes lyrics on his phone ! """
tr	NNS	"Most all of them have wooden roofs . """
tr	NN	One hand never left her hip , while the other hand flipped her glistening hair over her shoulder .
tr	NN	Or would they see a falling star ?
tr	NNS	Their departures allowed the loneliness that sometimes plagued her to move closer .
tr	NN	You didn 't regain consciousness , died in theater .
tr	NNS	The friends extended the blades toward the teens , bowing their heads in respect to the new defenders .
tr	NNS	Even though he 's not technically cheating anymore , he still loses points for being a creep .
tr	NNS	I eyed some students to see if they heard her , but there were no signs of it .
tr	NNS	From the bus station we walked the ten blocks to the location where Marcus Grey and Willow had stopped .
tr	NNS	By the end of the trip , at least two of them had scribbled their phone numbers on a cocktail napkin .
tr	NNS	Nobody had such clear visions of the future , especially not normal people in normal situations .
tr	NNS	""" I 've had houses in dozens of countries over the years ."
tr	NN	Jackie provided her private email .
tr	NN	A sure sign when the iPod followed along , like a fish on a line .
tr	NNS	""" You might meet some industry contacts ."
tr	NN	He stroked her thigh again and laughed .
tr	NNS	Did you just ruin your chances with the board ?
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths , seeking a way to divert Rachel 's aims without sounding hostile .
tr	NNS	""" Of course , we have photographs of her only as an infant ."
tr	NNS	As a wraith , you have powers beyond .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't you have any evil powers of darkness or something ? """
tr	NNS	Ajax did not notice the new arrivals , but Winston drew confidence from their presence .
tr	NNS	We set up our shields again .
tr	NN	"You 've suffered a terrible fright . """
tr	NN	She could hear Damien 's zipper coming undone and it nearly undid her .
tr	NN	My voice held conviction ; it had to be fine .
tr	NN	He liked the bluegrass flavor of the song .
tr	NNS	And we have shields .
tr	NN	Wherever I am , I will wait patiently for you , knowing you are carrying out the task that is so important to me .
tr	NNS	He had some wonderful changes he 'd like to make but also knew the hurdles he 'd have to overcome in order to implement those changes .
tr	NNS	Can I make monthly payments to you ?
tr	NNS	""" I 've never cast these spells before ."
tr	NN	A few weeks later he had his favourite walks , and his favourite foods ; he was beginning to develop habits .
tr	NNS	Wedding gown had several expensive gems that sparkled as Thalia strolled to the altar .
tr	NN	The girls stroked the dragon for a long while , reveling in its powerful beauty .
tr	NN	I left my shovel leaning against the largest pine tree I could find .
tr	NNS	I raised my mental shields , vowing quietly to give him nothing .
tr	NN	He 's got that really fair coloring , light blue eyes , invisible eyelashes .
tr	NNS	The rain kept most citizens and their troublemaking out of sight , providing the mean streets of lower Manson with empty respite .
tr	NN	""" And wrote an article about it that 's a total lie . """
tr	NNS	""" I am having visions of Eason 's life , Why ? """
tr	NN	I hate this universe , both universes , life itself .
tr	NNS	""" Any objections ? """
tr	NNS	Slowly and with great care he picked the remains of his harp off the bench .
tr	NN	This one had apparently made an exception for Hon. The alien froze when it saw the pistol in my hand .
tr	NN	Skyler didn 't let the joy sweeping through her take control .
tr	NN	Kylie let out a groan , punched her pillow , and pulled the covers over her head .
tr	NN	""" Did you say escort ? """
tr	NN	He read the affirmation again stopping on the line that read , demonstrating my gratitude through my actions as well as my words .
tr	NN	She would find justice for Hawthorne and see it served .
tr	NNS	"Sebastian has allies in more places than you know , little one . """
tr	NNS	The familiar buzz stirred her senses .
tr	NNS	The weather could take out his crops overnight .
tr	NNS	I ignored the reactions of the others and absorbed my father 's approving gaze like a flower absorbs the rays of the sun .
tr	NN	Though where on earth he could have gone , she couldn 't imagine , unless he 'd felt a sudden urge to visit the feed store .
tr	NNS	The maids were still laying the first breakfast dishes out upon the sideboard , and the coffeepot had just been laid upon the table .
tr	NNS	"I 've seen too many centuries of death and destruction . """
tr	NNS	Katie had crossed most items off and written names next to them stating who was giving the gift .
tr	NN	Why had Della chosen the closet ?
tr	NNS	""" Ah yes , Nick does have issues with shopping , though it pains him to admit it considering he adores fashion ."
tr	NNS	I counted the tiles as I followed my dad and try to walk on every other tile without touching the grout lines .
tr	NN	Instead , standing before me was my Gothic Guy , like a knight of the night .
tr	NN	He heard her plea , but he was too far gone to think much on it .
tr	NN	Peter Beresford had subsequently acquired his fortune , and had been in prime position to take advantage of the riot culture .
tr	NN	He opened the drawer and saw within , still sitting behind the pile of paper , that bottle from the old woman .
tr	NN	I couldn 't see a smashed motorcycle anywhere .
tr	NNS	""" Guard your sisters ."
tr	NN	He found his joy of a science that had many names .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of motion through a window in the cabin , and heard a chirping sound .
tr	NN	""" I have a life Mama ."
tr	NN	My mind swirled down the drain of insanity and I stared into the blank chasm that was my life .
tr	NNS	He can call up all the powers of darkness to destroy the soul of his victims .
tr	NNS	The pain strips away my defenses .
tr	NN	Travis tucked a strand of dark red hair behind Julie 's ear and indulged himself by then cupping her cheek in his palm .
tr	NN	A neighbor of mine owns a boutique in town .
tr	NNS	I glanced over the statues and saw it .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't like funerals ."
tr	NNS	They had never experienced prairie lands before so they were amazed by the open vistas .
tr	NN	Did they attack every suspicious airship like that ?
tr	NN	""" You can still have a farm and children ."
tr	NN	""" Beg your pardon ? """
tr	NN	Maddy shot an accusing glare at Edwin .
tr	NN	""" I have a mechanic , and a boy who works mornings for me during the summer , then shifts to afternoons during the school year . """
tr	NN	""" Take the hem of my shirt . """
tr	NNS	I could leave references for you , if you want .
tr	NN	They 'd been citing Beth Ann 's testimony as the case breaker , but Dale doubted she was telling the truth .
tr	NNS	She moved a few stacks of books , then retrieved the sleeping bag from her fold-out bed and spread it out on the floor .
tr	NN	"You know its past curfew . """
tr	NN	As I worked with almost unconscious ease , I contemplated the grid with new interest .
tr	NNS	Sampson ignored the stares .
tr	NNS	When they returned , I took two little cups and awaited instructions .
tr	NN	I notice the hunger in their eyes whenever they glance at me , the way their stares linger on the line of my collarbone , my breasts .
tr	NN	""" Lady , you take the cake !"
tr	NN	Gin , like the liquor .
tr	NN	"Clementine kept her entire scheme under wraps , which is surprising , given how many giants were involved . """
tr	NNS	Obviously he had powers .
tr	NN	Her throat closing with pain , with regret , she resisted the urge to look back at Wade .
tr	NNS	My heels massaged his buttocks .
tr	NN	""" Where can we find the Other Power ? """
tr	NNS	Instead , the surface reflected their tall torches and the last streaks of light in the sky behind him as Sebastian knelt next to it .
tr	NNS	Returning his mount to the cover of the trees , he tied off the reins and carefully turned to make his way to the castle .
tr	NN	"We 're pulling together an armed squad to go in and find out who these people are and where they 're located . """
tr	NNS	"Just don 't stay out too late or your mother will have both our hides . """
tr	NN	And the boy who went to juvie wasn 't returning the favor .
tr	NN	Knowing Mason , who never stressed about anything , he 'd probably written the speech last night .
tr	NNS	His heart banged his ribs .
tr	NN	One of our workers who likes sculpture created this statue using the material he found here at Callisto .
tr	NNS	She heard Devon 's soft hiss of displeasure , but she did not stop .
tr	NNS	I 'd merely package the meals and freeze them for another time .
tr	NNS	The Sphinx made quotation marks with her hands .
tr	NNS	"So do wolves . """
tr	NN	Camille grabbed a pillow from the nearby chair and threw it at the door .
tr	NN	I have a cap you can use in the carriage house .
tr	NNS	I 'd noticed the statues at the discount store in the mall yesterday when I trailed Cindy .
tr	NN	They crossed the passageway swiftly and reached a recess in the curved wall .
tr	NN	I then put the cloth over my face and I lied there silently .
tr	NN	White Shirt let out another moan , rolling onto his belly , struggling onto his knees .
tr	NNS	She 's having complications and I 've put her on bed rest .
tr	NN	He yanked open the closet .
tr	NN	The dowager duchess straightened her spine .
tr	NNS	She turned the pages idly , but then something caught her eye .
tr	NN	The last came out a growl , and she winced when he gripped her arms so tightly they throbbed .
tr	NN	Joan didn 't have much cake in the orphanages where she had been hidden over the years .
tr	NN	I felt victory sweep through me as if I were the one that did that to her .
tr	NN	A moment later , White Shirt let out a moan .
tr	NN	Chapter 27 Kara held the gauntlet and moved it in her hands and looked at it .
tr	NN	I could hear the skepticism in her voice .
tr	NN	Had she sensed some impending doom ?
tr	NN	The others reluctantly followed her example .
tr	NNS	This room had exposed beams and hardwood floors almost as shiny as the marble ones below .
tr	NNS	I should have just taken my chances with the Dream Walker , anything to spare Sam .
tr	NNS	Sunlight reflected off the daggers attached to his thighs , and I went for them .
tr	NN	Gabriel licked my earlobe .
tr	NN	""" Need more proof ? """
tr	NN	That I 'm wearing an uncomfortable metal coffin ?
tr	NNS	We have clearly defined positions .
tr	NN	The queen unrolled the second scroll and immediately recognized her husband 's handwriting .
tr	NNS	I take steady breaths , wondering how I 'm going to tell him the news .
tr	NN	Tentatively , she extinguished her copper , and realized that she could no longer feel the Lord Ruler 's Soothing .
tr	NNS	My fingertips poked his ribs unmercifully .
tr	NN	He found the stairwell and went down into the basement , emerging in a familiar corridor .
tr	NN	She could hear his exhalation of cigarette smoke into the receiver .
tr	NNS	They had reports about Godless Others massing their forces at one of their worlds .
tr	NNS	I collapse beside her , still breathless .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't I shake this attraction when I found him so annoying half the time ?
tr	NNS	On the other side of the bar a dwarf was playing cards with three humans , and winning by the sounds of his raucous peals of laughter .
tr	NNS	He sent the two crowns rolling , and then he pulled out four .
tr	NN	""" What language are they singing in ? """
tr	NNS	We have sufficient funds and resources to last a long time and the odds that these areas will be hit by the virus are slim .
tr	NN	He had a pen clenched in one hand , and scribbled furiously at a stack of forms .
tr	NNS	""" I have two moms . """
tr	NNS	"I have superior interrogation techniques . """
tr	NN	""" I should give credit where credit is due ."
tr	NNS	Fortunately for him , he had more than enough assets to pull off his minimalist approach .
tr	NN	he asks her skeptically .
tr	NNS	A short gravel lane led maybe a hundred yards to the asphalt road .
tr	NN	"Why have you moved all the furniture around ? """
tr	NNS	For the past week he 'd been making trips over to Possession .
tr	NNS	She could see two booths at the far end of the room which were partially obscured from her vision .
tr	NN	I take the dagger and swing at the troll 's blade .
tr	NNS	""" I 'm teaching all my classes online this semester anyway . """
tr	NN	When he heard this , he put the lid on the special cement he 'd been using , and stood .
tr	NNS	""" I take it , then , you 've only met members of our Elder families ."
tr	NNS	As soon as I spoke , she quickly opened the tent 's flaps and ushered me inside , closing them behind her .
tr	NN	It was small but not as compact as the others , it gave the impression of a crowded bedroom .
tr	NN	""" She 's got this big speech to give to the United Nations , don 't you know ? """
tr	NNS	""" How many rival packs are there ? """
tr	NNS	She couldn 't blame Jess for asking her to try to help him walk , as much as she wanted to .
tr	NN	Romulus lowered the shovel .
tr	NN	""" Bring me that mare as quickly as you can ."
tr	NNS	Eben could see the orange and red scales of the creature as it approached .
tr	NNS	You can see the marks on the far wall .
tr	NNS	Dr. Post Serenity turned and started leading everyone East , ' There aren 't many places I haven 't been Doctor . '
tr	NN	She doesn 't have an actual appointment .
tr	NN	From there he could see lush jungles stretch across the land all the way to the white shores that outlined the island .
tr	NNS	""" We collect the crops ."
tr	NN	He unfolded a pocket fork out of a clasp knife he took from his pocket and sat down , eyes bent on his meal .
tr	NNS	Two diners were finishing up their meals .
tr	NN	The solitary blossom overpowers the bouquet .
tr	NN	It took all her willpower to force a smile to her lips .
tr	NN	I set the magazine back on the nightstand and checked my phone .
tr	NN	""" Phantom One , you have the runway . """
tr	NNS	But when he started to reach between her legs , she squeezed her thighs together , closing him out .
tr	NNS	Allowed her hormones and her need to sweep away rational thought .
tr	NN	The lead Chinese jeep had a similar white flag tied to its driver 's mirror , a Chinese National flag beside it .
tr	NN	"What the devil could I have done with it ? """
tr	NNS	I had my mental powers that I 'd been practicing and three knives .
tr	NN	"You boys get outta here . """
tr	NN	Andy mentioned revenge , and Lord knows she was tempted , especially after the stunt Gavin pulled tonight .
tr	NNS	Flames shoot up her blades , and I step back , my mouth hanging open .
tr	NNS	They can also practice their abilities without fear of being discovered .
tr	NNS	""" Sometimes you can use mirrors and slowly move them at angles to see what the markings mean . """
tr	NN	It gave a convulsive leap that carried it in a spinning trajectory off the Lunar surface .
tr	NNS	"But you see the difficulties . """
tr	NN	The light had no substance , and I had to contain it with my mind .
tr	NNS	His filthy words sent fresh juices to my aching sex .
tr	NN	Eric squeezed the dagger in his hand , hoping he wouldn 't have to use it .
tr	NN	He pulled her closer , his arm wrapping around her back so she was touching him from knee to chest .
tr	NNS	Her eyes shot daggers at me .
tr	NN	""" So , I need the grease to get this deal going ."
tr	NN	Greg handed the rod over to Chelsea and she attempted a mighty cast .
tr	NNS	Two were made up , the others had their mattresses rolled against the headboard .
tr	NN	"At least take a bath once and awhile . """
tr	NN	""" Come in , wipe your feet and "" ( taking in his once white lab ."
tr	NN	The name came unbidden , but as soon as it left my mouth his head jerked around to me .
tr	NNS	I am ripping up blades and throwing them at the tree trunk and sobbing through my throat and yelling at Bobby .
tr	NN	It depicted a knight in chain mail mounted on a rearing black charger .
tr	NNS	""" You mean condoms ? """
tr	NNS	Meaning , the central street of the town holds houses and behind each house sits a large field for farming .
tr	NN	""" I don 't want a public concert . """
tr	NNS	Have the hots for him , horny -- I am not !
tr	NN	In addition to these dates , each village and town has its own designated patron saint to pay homage to .
tr	NN	She probably hadn 't anticipated the enormous scowl on Travis 's handsome , unsmiling face .
tr	NNS	""" How much time before we reach the southbound tracks ? """
tr	NNS	She would have expected plain white briefs .
tr	NNS	He chose his members wisely and those who begged to join his band usually never pass his test .
tr	NN	Martin had barely made any impression on his last drink and was surprised to see that his companion 's glass was once again empty .
tr	NNS	I punched the numbers in .
tr	NN	She eyed his large , muscular frame with amusement .
tr	NN	When unemployment went up , so did equipment theft .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't deal drugs ."
tr	NN	With Beth 's help , she finally got her first real glimpse of Gray 's home .
tr	NNS	""" The darts are poisoned , "" said Leonardo , "" so don 't ever touch the points with your bare hands ."
tr	NN	He doesn 't wear an insignia .
tr	NN	Then Paul remembered the savior he had almost , but not quite , expected .
tr	NN	""" If he hadn 't met Jimmy , I might 've had a mutiny on my hands . """
tr	NN	"We have a long cruise tomorrow . """
tr	NNS	So while the rest of the camp were snoring Alex was pounding the country roads around Carlisle .
tr	NN	You need a dishwasher .
tr	NN	Then beside the handle of his knife , he felt a soft square package of baking .
tr	NN	The system was typical , a small red star with a half-dozen planets , and scanners showed nothing .
tr	NNS	Laurence felt a great coldness descend on him ; he was very tired suddenly , and he had no heart at all to argue .
tr	NNS	""" I 've met ghosts like that , in fact a few of my friends are ghosts . """
tr	NNS	Mike watched the roads and the cliffs as they went .
tr	NNS	Sam scooped up the remains of their dinner and headed to the back of the apartment .
tr	NNS	Andrew had no illusions about himself : he knew that that was what he was .
tr	NN	She didn 't see her Warlord escort .
tr	NNS	""" Lowering all defense systems . """
tr	NN	Millar , of course , wore no protection of any kind .
tr	NNS	We collect artifacts for our museums .
tr	NN	""" Did you clean out my refrigerator ? """
tr	NN	I placed my cock inside her and pushed into her with force .
tr	NN	It had a very , very little liquid on the bottom .
tr	NN	Jane tossed her briefcase on the passenger seat .
tr	NNS	Then she took two sandwiches and retreated to the burgundy settee .
tr	NN	Each ring watered his sorrow .
tr	NN	Sounds like an efficient tool of castration .
tr	NN	Without knocking we entered the thrall and were immediately entrenched in party .
tr	NNS	""" We use those panels as sterile room panels , just like NASA needs to build space parts and pieces inside sterile compartments inside the hangars ."
tr	NNS	He needed the points .
tr	NNS	"I 'll take my chances . """
tr	NNS	Girls had dangers that guys didn 't have .
tr	NN	I appreciated the gesture .
tr	NNS	I 've had a good few beatings in my time from them .
tr	NN	We have had great success seizing them one at a time .
tr	NNS	Heat twisted her insides , but she wrenched her mind back to the task at hand .
tr	NN	I clung to him , my fear mingling with a relief so sweet it made the darkness recede , just a fraction .
tr	NNS	I 'd only remember fragments , blacking out and waking up not far away , often still frightened but somehow knowing that I 'd be safe .
tr	NNS	Yeah , seriously , just walk downtown , weed shops everywhere .
tr	NN	Ever since Darren lost his arm , she had resisted the urge to do things for him .
tr	NN	"You 'll find the Gate in a trunk in the loft . """
tr	NNS	I feel shudders still rocking through him .
tr	NNS	Veronica wasn 't sacrificing victims with knives and stone altars .
tr	NN	They can see the Comms pod as it now tumbles down the tunnel , getting smaller by the second .
tr	NN	That calamity caused a flood in the storage room where the feed was kept , turning eight bags of oats into mush .
tr	NNS	"Like the chunks of cleanser in the shower . """
tr	NN	And the death had a serenity to it .
tr	NNS	""" Loki will have some surprises waiting for us . """
tr	NNS	Waiting patiently while a man wearing a studded leather jacket purchased a few items ahead of them , Ashe totaled snack items in his head .
tr	NNS	When I arrived at the game , I scanned the bleachers for Brandon .
tr	NN	Let our combined faith heal her , too .
tr	NN	After I was King , I would decide your fate .
tr	NN	He felt the prick of splinters , the whoosh of bigger pieces flying right over him .
tr	NNS	Enclosed as she was inside the bubble preventing sound from escaping , MaryAnn couldn 't hear the birds or insects .
tr	NNS	Something that might very well give her nightmares .
tr	NN	""" Like Walker says , they wanted the vault ."
tr	NN	The Alpha within William was demanding obedience .
tr	NNS	And although she hadn 't seen or spoken to him in days , the thought of him leaving turned her insides .
tr	NNS	Then he searched his pockets for the meth he 'd put there and hurried to the Enlightenment Hall , where the privacy of his room awaited .
tr	NN	She headed down the hill toward the forest .
tr	NNS	Soon after , she delivered our plates , along with fresh bread .
tr	NNS	It wasn 't until she rested her palms on her hips that she relaxed and opened her eyes .
tr	NNS	""" I live dangerously . """
tr	NNS	""" Apparently , the women exchanged phone numbers while we weren 't paying attention ."
tr	NN	The contractor couldn 't find a mechanical malfunction either .
tr	NN	"We 'll get your Cajun cupcake up here for that . """
tr	NNS	""" Give me the dates , flights and hotel reservations ."
tr	NN	I 'm taking the braid out of my hair .
tr	NNS	""" You catch more bees with honey . """
tr	NNS	""" No , I rarely use these cards . """
tr	NNS	""" I absolutely love it , "" Susannah said fervently ."
tr	NN	Jazz flagged down the flight attendant and got a Sprite , which she figured was the Americanized version .
tr	NN	""" And the president ? """
tr	NN	He tucked a napkin in his shirt .
tr	NNS	"Other vampires lifted the domes , revealing a meal that might have been described as "" Predator 's Delight . """
tr	NNS	With two lines in the water , he doubled his chances of scoring breakfast .
tr	NNS	""" Naw , Dad don 't take much heed of what I say . """
tr	NNS	""" You are busting my balls , woman . """
tr	NNS	Ah the joys of starting a new job .
tr	NN	With a thought , Caesar turned his large , motorized chariot toward the deck lift .
tr	NNS	But he no longer trusted his own motives .
tr	NNS	Who else would take the knives of your love without flinching , without screwing up her eyes , without dropping the smile from her lips ?
tr	NN	I unbolted the trapdoor , reached for the keys and shook him to consciousness .
tr	NNS	"The lifting does keep my biceps in shape . """
tr	NNS	""" And hit points out the ass . """
tr	NNS	Perhaps he inherited his talents and disposition from his mother , though he wasn 't certain .
tr	NNS	The uppermost bridges have round platforms in their centers .
tr	NNS	""" For one , Señor Alonso has his own financial issues with Anthony . """
tr	NN	His fingers trailed down her hip to her thigh and rubbed across the hem of her shorts , then gently glided beneath it .
tr	NN	Aric cut the ribbon in one snip , and the crowds cheered .
tr	NN	Reaching into his pocket , Zack pulled out a handful of bills and pressed them into her hand .
tr	NN	Commissioner Winston requested the Governor to send a small military unit with trucks and other means to remove them .
tr	NN	She slipped her backpack off , pulling out her cell phone while walking faster toward the safety of her apartment building .
tr	NN	Lindsey picked the Rosewood vase up off the mantle , all the while avoiding making eye contact with Autumn .
tr	NN	He beamed goodwill at us .
tr	NN	As she continues along her trek she notices a large pier lined with elaborate wrought iron lamps .
tr	NN	I yell , fear mingling with anger , hot in my veins .
tr	NN	"Can Wolves eat chocolate ? """
tr	NN	Unsolved Mysteries would have a stroke if they got a look at my X-files .
tr	NNS	She could feel the hardness at the juncture of his thighs .
tr	NN	The officers returned his salute , but they weren 't staring at him .
tr	NN	Chapter Sixteen Waking up , Hannah felt the cold , wet cement against her cheek .
tr	NNS	That night I would call Eris , and stay up next to the computer waiting for any sign of her .
tr	NN	Bax tapped his temple as though struck by an errant recollection .
tr	NNS	""" Sookie was represented as Alcide 's new girlfriend to gain entree to the club , "" Eric said delicately ."
tr	NN	We must keep vigilant and be prepared to rush to his aid if necessary . '
tr	NNS	We can release the twins , get them back to the train and live happily ever after !
tr	NN	They only wanted the processed honey created from the hard work of pollen gathering .
tr	NNS	I took patients that had failed experiments , ones that were dying , and began to unlock their doings .
tr	NN	I rang up her purchase .
tr	NN	As soon as Johnny unchained Sam , Joshua gave Mister the command to attack with the clicking sound of his tongue .
tr	NN	In a whirl of dark cloak , he leapt over a row of topiary deer and disappeared into the gardens beyond .
tr	NN	Then he stole a peek at Alma .
tr	NN	He wore a green vest beneath his long , dark suit coat .
tr	NN	Oh wow the betrayal .
tr	NN	""" Feel like some hot chocolate ? """
tr	NNS	""" I returned your powers to you , unbound them , but only because I want that flower ."
tr	NNS	""" I practiced my talents enough in the past so I can please you . """
tr	NN	Of course , they knew his precise location at all times thanks to the microchip embedded under his hamstring .
tr	NN	He enjoyed the novelty of shaving when he first started , but it went away quickly .
tr	NN	Apparently he ran a fruit stall and was married to a girl called Angie .
tr	NNS	That probably trumped our relationship issues .
tr	NN	He dumped his briefcase on the desk closest to the projector and cleared his throat .
tr	NNS	I 'd gotten nauseous over pictures , long-dead women , and a killer who 'd already been convicted .
tr	NN	""" Can 't keep your liquor down ? """
tr	NN	She had endured the ache of separation from her childhood home , albeit a ramshackle shack on the edge of a beach .
tr	NN	The kind that said she should have faith .
tr	NN	Elena felt the sphere with careful fingers , final y finding a cleverly concealed catch and pressing it .
tr	NN	Just like that , I dropped the curtain on those memories and the small part of me that didn 't feel permanently hardened .
tr	NNS	They downed the dregs of their tea and stood up .
tr	NNS	But this woman held all the cards .
tr	NNS	""" Snow shovels don 't leave two inches of ice behind ."
tr	NNS	She put the cups down on a window ledge .
tr	NNS	Up until yesterday , I had had similar doubts .
tr	NNS	She hands them their coats reluctantly , and the three hug like dear sisters .
tr	NNS	Not the bad men or the nice soldiers who made her smile and let Tal y hit their shields with her sword .
tr	NNS	Looking up in total confusion , I saw the crowds of old human warriors pointing their waxy fingers at me scornfully while laughing their heads off .
tr	NN	He stepped around a large oak and settled the two of us onto the ground .
tr	NN	He worked the puzzle , mumbling to himself .
tr	NNS	He ripped off the skates and flew up into the sky to make another dive attack .
tr	NN	A lightning bolt seared up my spine as I heard him downstairs , talking in a low voice .
tr	NN	They probably welcomed the publicity , so they could sell all the surrounding land to a developer to build million-dollar homes .
tr	NNS	My assistant will give you backgrounds on all four of them plus several people at both parties .
tr	NN	Delilah had ordered another black leather duster to replace the one Boone had cut .
tr	NN	Chapter 34 Vann checked the clock tower that rose above the Blocks again .
tr	NN	""" It will offer some protection . """
tr	NNS	I had blocked out everything else about that night , I was enjoying my bliss .
tr	NNS	Some wore the pressure suits and oxygen packs of Damage Control , others the helmets and heat vests of gunners .
tr	NNS	""" And sporting white ribbons ! """
tr	NN	"Then again , "" You neglected the Cup . """
tr	NN	He finally reached a spacious foyer whose windows gave onto a beautiful garden .
tr	NNS	"If you were to visit our neighbors in the North you would find their halls filled with men . """
tr	NN	They skirted the knoll of the pyre and entered a gully which led onto open plain .
tr	NN	Warrior spat angrily , her claws digging into the rock under her paws .
tr	NN	The ice bubble had a high rate of spin compared to the planet within .
tr	NN	Feeling like a fool , I hopped down from the platform , my stomach a knot of embarrassment and shame .
tr	NN	Rose moved a watercolor painting on top of the others .
tr	NN	""" We have missed an important announcement ."
tr	NNS	"The people can draw their own conclusions as to who is guilty . """
tr	NN	"I need some advice . """
tr	NN	Before everything had fallen apart at Moffett Field , the two men had discussed the possibility of setting up a new cell on the east coast .
tr	NNS	"We saw the first reports on the news , but the TV broadcasts didn 't last for very long after the outbreak . """
tr	NN	Meanwhile , Bart worked his own keyboard with renewed zeal .
tr	NN	My hands caressed perfect abs and sculpted pecs in the process .
tr	NNS	Diane had always had a reporter 's directness .
tr	NNS	I do not understand these terms .
tr	NNS	""" What you cannot do , or fix , I will send the appropriate senior students over later to finish off . """
tr	NN	I gave you the next location .
tr	NNS	By the end of today we should have the stage shots and the disco shots wrapped up .
tr	NN	""" Why are you two sitting here looking so glum ?"
tr	NNS	""" You 've been sending nonstop messengers to all the great cities these last few days , telling them to marshal their armies for war ."
tr	NN	The deputy touched his cap and nodded .
tr	NN	""" I 've got that itch crawling down my back . """
tr	NN	It had taken all his self-control to keep his breathing steady , to keep pretending that he was asleep .
tr	NNS	""" How could they have so many ships working so soon after ' the Pulse ' ? """
tr	NNS	Apparently , he had multiple talents and one of them was extremely debilitating .
tr	NN	"It 's got a beak . """
tr	NN	Abbey gave him a mock salute .
tr	NN	""" Actually , we do double duty around here . """
tr	NN	A hand brushed her backpack .
tr	NNS	He makes the society pages all over the country , wherever he goes , and he 's a regular feature on a lot of those celebrity websites .
tr	NNS	She could see the cogs in his head turning , like he was adding , multiplying and dividing .
tr	NNS	A small smile playing on her lips , she hooked her thumbs into the sides of her panties and slowly shimmied them off .
tr	NNS	They rubbed their noses together .
tr	NNS	Damnation , man , that takes balls .
tr	NN	We left his lab and headed back to the hide out .
tr	NNS	""" He was cutting his fingernails ? """
tr	NN	The addition of one or two vegetables or fruits gave a small pinch of luxury to a meal that would be otherwise extremely miserly .
tr	NNS	He applied the same concepts to the boys , efficiently organizing their activities while giving them the encouragement to keep going .
tr	NNS	Or , rather , blowing his little security blocks to hell and back .
tr	NNS	He took his goggles off , able to see the small room .
tr	NN	Despite the immortal 's reassuring tone , I could not stop the icy lump of fear forming in my stomach .
tr	NN	She is holding a bolt of purple fabric , pointing out a visible defect on the leading edge .
tr	NN	We probably know two dozen of the same people .
tr	NN	He removed his undershirt revealing a perfectly muscular bare chest .
tr	NN	She brought the hilt down at the base of his skull , and he went down like the rest .
tr	NNS	"I 'd bet a thousand bucks that she wants you . """
tr	NNS	"Or ... "" Carlos made little quotation marks in the air with his fingers ."
tr	NNS	I slid a little closer and hovered one of my hands a few inches above his bare arm .
tr	NNS	With his other hand , in the same motion , he fired two shots in quick succession .
tr	NNS	Like Daire , I see the fangs .
tr	NNS	I have all but 4 dollars that you sent so dont fear for us .
tr	NNS	I felt dizzy again .
tr	NN	They use their students ' intelligence to solve problems their own scientists haven 't been able to fix , to help them advance their weapons and programs .
tr	NNS	I would get rags and fresh clothes and report back to the RV to prepare Jeremy .
tr	NN	""" Did you sign the document ? """
tr	NNS	Pet and Mikey traveled several additional blocks until they embarked at the station .
tr	NN	From where he stood , the road rose up a slight hill to where wooden gates stood closed at the crest .
tr	NNS	""" You want babies ? """
tr	NN	He lifted the lid and pointed it at the building .
tr	NN	He grabs a handful of chips from a bag on the table .
tr	NN	At the end of the area , where all roads seem to lead , sits the castle .
tr	NN	Michael felt a hitch in his gut , but he had to ask the next question .
tr	NNS	But listen , I 'd just given the bastard five thousand dollars .
tr	NN	"I got a real bad stitch down the trash chute . """
tr	NNS	Superman and Lois Lane , eat your hearts out .
tr	NNS	Or am I just making assumptions ?
tr	NNS	Not even Julie would abandon her babies to run off with a lover .
tr	NN	"You ... want ice cream ? """
tr	NNS	It would have stretched a woman senseless on the floor .
tr	NNS	He 'd even added some bubbles , making the room smell wonderfully soft and romantic .
tr	NNS	In any event , she had more pressing subjects to discuss .
tr	NNS	He 's paid out over three hundred thousand dollars based on Jessie being his daughter .
tr	NNS	The hot water cascades over my breasts , down my stomach , and tickles the small patch of hair between my thighs .
tr	NNS	Any move or accusation against King James will only further convince his cautious allies that he is in the right .
tr	NNS	They had low expectations of him , so he did as well .
tr	NNS	Within the books , alongside other sketches of the symbols , some of the writers had made attempts at researching the possible meanings that lay behind them .
tr	NN	Sebastian dropped the other boot and removed his stockings .
tr	NN	He dashed out a short email describing the high points of his analysis .
tr	NNS	Just take deep breaths and try to relax .
tr	NN	Raj pulled out his pistol and aimed it at the creature responsible .
tr	NNS	Even as a baby , only Grandpa Abraham could calm her frantic crying spells .
tr	NN	I make a strange half moan , half gurgle noise in response .
tr	NN	""" Excuse me , ladies , but I have an announcement to make . """
tr	NNS	Piper hugs the sisters .
tr	NN	He then opened the bottom drawer and reached for the money .
tr	NNS	I hadn 't received any visions since we left Connecticut , though I probably wasn 't accessible during my time in the Deeps .
tr	NN	She put down the notepad and pen .
tr	NNS	Carrying the tray to the table , she served her sisters , then leaped up to get a plate of Norah 's home-baked cookies .
tr	NNS	' Never mind if she 's all right , she stole Kaspar 's condoms ! '
tr	NN	"Without waiting for permission , he picked up the easel and the "" Faith Embassy "" sign ."
tr	NNS	Anything that would bring out my freckles and clash with my red hair .
tr	NN	""" Maybe you should be drinking orange juice instead of that stuff . """
tr	NN	""" Wait a minute , Jessi knew Front before ? """
tr	NN	Coach Julian makes consideration for us girls , since his wife had breast cancer ; he made sure we were protected in areas that were easily targeted .
tr	NNS	Star 's light brown skin , almond eyes , and long , dark hair referenced universal concepts of beauty .
tr	NN	Isaac turned his dagger into a pole and rode it down to the ground .
tr	NN	He had a neatly trimmed beard and a dangerous expression .
tr	NNS	Messick points to one particular stack on the table .
tr	NNS	He had tried chemicals , laser probes , tiny implants but the person who had been Alyssa Marsh survived them all .
tr	NNS	Presley dated bikers , many of whom were ex-cons , so she had more than a few scary stories about them , too .
tr	NN	Miss Jennings made a mocking gesture of pointing at the floor as she held her head down .
tr	NNS	And if anything or anyone tried to interrupt , she 'd rip out their hearts with her bare hands .
tr	NNS	If the shooters were hiding behind there , we were sitting ducks .
tr	NN	He made the inquiry from standing within the confines of the door frame .
tr	NNS	I made assumptions about you , and about Thomas .
tr	NN	"Can I have the waitress bring you anything ? """
tr	NN	Thompson had fought the urge to speak those words to her .
tr	NN	Finn gave an overly elaborate flourish with his hand , indicating his own greatness , before propping his elbow up on the counter .
tr	NN	They had almost identical coloring , too .
tr	NN	Using her nail as a scoop , she tapped the powder into the bowl .
tr	NN	He popped the candy into his mouth and dropped the empty wrapper back in the bowl .
tr	NN	"You 've got talent . """
tr	NNS	Still , it only moved a few inches .
tr	NN	""" This place has so much potential ."
tr	NN	Finley leaned one hip against the table and crossed her arms .
tr	NN	Olivia stiffened her spine .
tr	NN	He would have preferred some privacy for this call , but he sure as hell was not going to get any of that right now .
tr	NNS	When not caring for his fellow soldiers , he assisted the two Polish physicians .
tr	NNS	It sank its fangs into Spruce and , as Tarleton stared finding it impossible to move , a slight rose flush suffused under the creature 's skin .
tr	NNS	""" Jesus has a few pints wi ' His mates ? """
tr	NN	"She flipped open the cube and cautiously said , "" I must speak through the box , because my true voice can be quite dangerous ."
tr	NN	He always ended up offering to do me instead .
tr	NN	Then he smiled a little sadly and went downstairs .
tr	NNS	' Therefore what you believe changes what you would do . '
tr	NN	Hunter lost his rifle as it slid down into the monster 's rampage .
tr	NN	He folded the sketch and put it in his pocket .
tr	NNS	""" The goblins don 't keep dogs ."
tr	NNS	He had no illusions about who he was .
tr	NN	Crack , crack , crack , crack , crack , reported the rifle .
tr	NN	""" It 's only right , you bein ' the man o ' the house . """
tr	NNS	We can 't watch over any sitting ducks .
tr	NNS	"Forget those ugly nightmares you have of Sofia . """
tr	NNS	They photographed the spectators on the outside of the police tape at every crime scene since then , looking for anyone whose face appeared at multiple scenes .
tr	NN	She pressed her cheek to his wet chest and held on to his shoulders , one hand still gripping the towel like a lifeline .
tr	NN	""" Did you find the football ? """
tr	NNS	All three hundred acres , and we give Joshua a thousand bucks a month to run it .
tr	NNS	Kitchen drawers revealed butter knives , nothing sharper .
tr	NN	""" Trust me , you will win the fiance of the year award . """
tr	NN	Her voice sounded shrill , defensive , fearful .
tr	NNS	The Angels , logging twenty thousand years , have those positions filled -- and there they 'll stay until the universe has passed away !
tr	NNS	Some warlocks could hide their marks under their clothes , but Jocelyn could look at as much of Tessa as she wished and never find a mark .
tr	NN	He 'd sworn loyalty .
tr	NN	The monster crying for blood had entrapped my consciousness .
tr	NN	"Behind me , I heard a woman groan and shout , "" Oh , God . """
tr	NNS	I could hear dogs howling in the distance , and a loud bang , like a garbage can toppling over , echoed through the air .
tr	NN	Erin looked paler than he 'd ever seen her .
tr	NNS	""" Should I make excuses to the Associated Press ? """
tr	NNS	They saw wonders , and they said so .
tr	NNS	I hate short forms .
tr	NN	That man did indeed stay true to his word and over the next few days , both William and Timmy had a constantly increasing flow of passengers .
tr	NNS	The big man could hit targets far out of range of any of the village archers .
tr	NN	As soon as they were safely aboard , Captain Cook had the anchor raised and some sail set .
tr	NN	""" Each world specialized in specific powers -- handling elements , manipulating time and space , spell casting , precognition of future events , and displacing energies ."
tr	NNS	"What if we 've just been making noises , assuming a communication content which doesn 't exist ? """
tr	NNS	""" All right , I 'll handle the meetings . """
tr	NN	I laugh and open the soda .
tr	NN	""" Well , Deacon Jenkins , you saved our butler ."
tr	NNS	""" I 'll throw the cans in the back of the truck ."
tr	NNS	The raccoon had left crumbs in my sheets ; it had been in my bed .
tr	NNS	""" Depends , "" he answered slyly ."
tr	NN	"Later that day , "" okay , Jen , lets divide and conquer ."
tr	NN	I wouldn 't give them that much credit .
tr	NNS	""" Who the hell fired the shots ? """
tr	NNS	""" No hugs and kisses ? """
tr	NN	""" Did you actually see your brother enter number twenty-seven ? """
tr	NNS	"Just the vampire basics . """
tr	NNS	"Finally you 've got the hots for a girl other than Amy . """
tr	NNS	Trust me , it will increase our chances of survival beyond measure .
tr	NN	""" Don 't worry , "" he muttered , "" you have my vote for the Most Wicked Woman of the Year award ."
tr	NNS	Her quick aggressive posture alerted the dogs .
tr	NN	Mitch aimed his pulse rifle at the guard and started to pull the trigger .
tr	NN	He grabbed his backpack off the bed he claimed and gathered whatever odds and ends had made their way around the room .
tr	NN	I crest a hill to see the silver sports car pulled over on the opposite side .
tr	NNS	She had cut her losses and abandoned him .
tr	NN	He slid the duffel off his knees and placed it on the floor and unzipped it .
tr	NNS	He thanked the gods instead , then immediately moved to save her .
tr	NNS	"A guide gave us directions . """
tr	NNS	A major talent has joined the ranks of thriller writers ' .
tr	NN	""" This gentleman just wanted a haircut ."
tr	NNS	I racked the balls and got ready to start and a new game .
tr	NN	The light touch tickled and caused a fluttering sensation deep in her belly .
tr	NN	Her green eyes betrayed complete and utter terror .
tr	NN	She banged her toe and her knee on something but didn 't stop , running full out as fast as her legs could carry her .
tr	NNS	In that moment I forgive all his rudeness .
tr	NNS	Tonight I bought condoms , and almost nothing else , with the boy I 'm planning to use them with .
tr	NNS	Tickets probably cost ten dollars ... And who 'd look after the shops when I 'm away ? '
tr	NNS	After waving goodbye to the ambassador and his wife , Dana yawned hugely and smiled her thanks to the wait staff who had helped during the meal .
tr	NNS	she announced , sitting up , breathless , her skirt hitched up .
tr	NN	He popped open the vial of pills the hospital had given him and swallowed three of the small , yellow tablets .
tr	NNS	He patted the mattress .
tr	NNS	This young man had all the markings that talents agents dreamed of .
tr	NN	The master sergeant dropped the weapons carrier 's tailgate and clambered inside .
tr	NN	""" Let 's just show a little patience ."
tr	NNS	""" You haven 't really had poverty issues though . """
tr	NNS	"We 've promised other pack leaders to report our findings . """
tr	NNS	He picked up the roses and the small Tiffany 's box beside it , wondering if the expensive gift would redeem him .
tr	NN	I snatched the receiver up in a hurry and practically shouted hello .
tr	NN	I saw a very good size buck , and I decided to give it a try .
tr	NN	I shook out the quilt that lay at the bottom of the bed and draped it over the girl .
tr	NN	It stamped a hoof uncertainly .
tr	NN	"You sound a little panicked . """
tr	NNS	""" If you go against Lucien , with that signed contract , he 'll have certain rights , Leah ."
tr	NN	He picked up his briefcase and stood , smoothing the wrinkles from his slacks before following her inside .
tr	NN	Liza admired the other woman 's attitude .
tr	NNS	Nathan couldn 't at first understand the families they found sitting around their dinner tables , all dead from eating or drinking poison together .
tr	NN	""" Maybe one of the girls here will take a liking to your new friend . """
tr	NNS	He made jokes and I laughed so I didn 't lose my mind .
tr	NN	"We couldn 't stop the bleeding once we 'd removed the chip . """
tr	NN	I ordered a delivery pizza .
tr	NNS	Quinn paid little heed and was more concerned by reaching the top and getting some help for his possibly bent divers .
tr	NN	No reply met his questioning .
tr	NNS	He consulted the compass on his watch .
tr	NN	Here , they use vanilla powder instead of syrup ; the powder adds just enough texture to the drink to give it some added density and grit .
tr	NNS	"But I have priorities so we need to go about this properly . """
tr	NNS	""" Well , Simone can 't do locator spells ."
tr	NN	Shut the fuck up .
tr	NNS	""" Nineteen , "" Bobby answered slyly ."
tr	NN	A moment later , she flung her napkin furiously onto her plate and walked over to the sink .
tr	NNS	""" Your boss made billions of credits by selling weapons in this war ."
tr	NN	""" They can copy the design with the exception of one important item . """
tr	NN	He shook his tankard hopefully .
tr	NN	Memories wiped out , personalities modified , hostile attitude to Security .
tr	NNS	I could see the wheels turning with him .
tr	NNS	""" Listen , should we try the mattresses first and then have some champagne ?"
tr	NNS	They left their suits at home , and tried to act younger and cooler than they were .
tr	NNS	""" Any more diaries ? """
tr	NNS	"I have my suspicions about how those Federation ships found us . """
tr	NN	"When I submitted a synopsis for a second book , she stole the universe I had created and most of the plot . """
tr	NNS	He 'd soon be breaking hearts .
tr	NNS	He changed switch positions on the monitor .
tr	NNS	She would go through the motions when in a social situation .
tr	NN	His picture appeared over an article he wrote on the company 's history .
tr	NNS	They were choosing their targets .
tr	NNS	They rarely use the bodyguards that they need .
tr	NNS	""" I was inspecting possible sites for a new sewer treatment plant ."
tr	NN	""" I broke curfew earlier in the week . """
tr	NN	Donning it , she removed her museum identification tag from her shirt and fixed it to the smock .
tr	NNS	The simple touch stirred fires in him , stoking embers he 'd thought had long ago turned to ash .
tr	NNS	This new plant converted millions of gallons of salt water into fresh water for the residents of Guadalajara , Mexico .
tr	NNS	He called two hirsute giants over , gave them a short briefing , and then said , ' Something 's happened to us , my friends .
tr	NN	He pressed down the brake , and that did the trick .
tr	NNS	Upon the table set polished chrome humorous bone with a snake of wires protruding from several locations along its length .
tr	NNS	I chose the bicycles .
tr	NN	Clare halted the rented compact behind it and turned off the engine .
tr	NNS	Really , you can never know what would make another person happy , you just can 't read their vibes .
tr	NNS	He lowered his wineglass as if nothing was amiss , and reached for his fork .
tr	NNS	The fresh smell of rain saturated her senses .
tr	NNS	They were sitting ducks .
tr	NN	They will all swear allegiance to me tomorrow and whoever refuses will lave cause to regret it before an hour has passed . '
tr	NN	He just quietly drinks his soda .
tr	NN	I picked up the tool and stood .
tr	NNS	Jackson heard several other pairs of boots crunching through the snow .
tr	NN	Eve accepted the handshake with a mischievous gleam in her dark eyes .
tr	NNS	It took several trips to quench their thirsts .
tr	NN	Entering the room she 'd only just recently left , she again saw the long row of bars that stood between the vampires and the humans .
tr	NNS	You can 't trace the instincts !
tr	NNS	Thank heavens for Marie , our housekeeper and my nanny .
tr	NN	He abandoned his prayer and sat brooding .
tr	NNS	Everyone was doing their own versions of yoga poses .
tr	NNS	Thankful for the darkness , she shoved the covers aside and started to rise from the bed .
tr	NNS	""" I have some meetings , but tonight , I 've arranged for dinner ."
tr	NN	Submerge your own personality and feel the nature of the various minds I 'll show you . '
tr	NN	' What if I can 't find a buyer for Mrs Granger 's house ?
tr	NNS	"They 're called libraries . """
tr	NNS	""" How about if you toss a few balls at me ? """
tr	NN	He handed the slice to me and also pushed over a bowl of salad .
tr	NNS	""" Why don 't we just buy leads from the regular sources ?"
tr	NN	"Can I turn my rental in and collect my car or is it still impounded ? """
tr	NNS	I felt the hardness of a very different body part before realizing who all the parts belonged to .
tr	NN	Starting Monday , he would thoroughly grill the landlady .
tr	NNS	The fabric covered her breasts , hugged her waist , and covered her all the way to end of her fin .
tr	NNS	He did take several trips .
tr	NN	He extended a boot , doing me the courtesy of providing a brake for my momentum .
tr	NN	He pulls out the orange juice .
tr	NN	"Unlike him , I know the folly of trying to receive absolution while still intending to sin . """
tr	NN	Barret forget a responsibility ?
tr	NNS	His eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't feel blocks ."
tr	NN	Offering an apologetic smile , he lowers his trident instead of bringing it to attention .
tr	NN	"Just a ' pissy old cock . ' """
tr	NNS	Andrew cleared away the cups while Aaron hunted down two more chairs .
tr	NN	The package included his high altitude parachuting equipment , with the new oxygen breathing pack that allowed a higher jump than currently possible .
tr	NN	He paused the film and pushed several buttons on the remote for the movie to start from the beginning .
tr	NN	Which brought another realization to mind .
tr	NNS	Black Scorpion lit other torches that were mounted to the walls .
tr	NNS	The creature sank its long fangs into her breast and she screamed as it 's hot venom flow into every fiber of her body .
tr	NN	I knew the drill .
tr	NNS	"I 've heard bits of what life has been like for everyone , but not enough I could answer any questions if anyone asked . """
tr	NNS	Mr. Kent leaves the room and Max flops onto the bed .
tr	NNS	"Hell , I even know the lottery numbers for tonight . """
tr	NNS	""" You 've got your insurance cards ?"
tr	NN	I spies a likely piling next to the water .
tr	NN	I grabbed a hand basket and wove my way up and down the aisles , grabbing various items as I went .
tr	NN	Rachel picked up one shoe and flipped it over to see the price .
tr	NNS	"Take some swings ; I 'll be fine . """
tr	NN	My son and I have been getting some free lab equipment from the university .
tr	NN	He tucked the treasure in his purse and made his way to Kerner .
tr	NNS	The musky sent of her sex met his senses before he forced her legs aside to make room for him .
tr	NN	I don ´ t trust him either .
tr	NN	""" I don 't know anybody by that name . """
tr	NN	""" Yes , and my parents made a bargain , too , and look how that 's turned out ."
tr	NN	I wanted some payback .
tr	NN	He slapped my cop on the shoulder and called a goodbye to Lois , who was speaking into her headset and typing at her computer .
tr	NNS	If Amber were by Simon 's side , she could better determine the man 's motivations .
tr	NNS	""" Did you at least get any napkins ? """
tr	NNS	He makes a few movements , like a child trying to roll over in its sleep but lacking sufficient energy .
tr	NN	He could feel her skin cooling and knew when she 'd fallen asleep .
tr	NNS	I indicated the marks beneath the initial wound .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't be scared , "" Dmitri said slyly ."
tr	NN	Peter saw the assessment because he was doing his own .
tr	NN	This insignificant Burg and its impertinent Lady would soon feel the yoke of the Order and cower in fear at the merest hint of his wrath .
tr	NNS	This time the fat man did not stagger backwards , but his legs buckled under his own weight where he stood .
tr	NN	She blew a party horn at his face , the coiled paper tickling his cheek playfully .
tr	NN	""" I 'm paying your debt . """
tr	NN	""" You 've taped off the concourse ; rumor will have hit Level 9 by now ."
tr	NNS	In fact , I spotted several folks who had to be Mythos students , judging from their pricey clothes and expensive jewelry .
tr	NN	""" Despite evidence to the contrary - "" he looked at Ava , and she rolled her eyes "" - we do not abide lust . """
tr	NN	Alexia prepared her parasol with her free hand .
tr	NN	He caught her earlobe between his teeth and bit down a little , needing to reinforce the words .
tr	NNS	She turned the pages , leafing through the book as the guests chattered and the children played .
tr	NN	Leslie pushed the cart outside and helped load the groceries into the trunk of Evelyn 's car .
tr	NN	They followed the butler through the large hall and into the side parlor .
tr	NNS	One can only obey blindly .
tr	NN	Now I could see the fright beneath the defiance .
tr	NNS	She traces the empty gilded frames with her fingertips .
tr	NN	"They valved off their hydrogen , fluting their peculiar songs that included one long shrill "" all clear "" whistle ."
tr	NN	Then , as you know , the ship turned back a sixth of the way to Proxima .
tr	NNS	Together Noah and Hailey ate their first meals of the early spring .
tr	NNS	I had only two Saturday clients at the moment , and neither of them would be open the day after Christmas .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , Thomas didn 't protest the flying arrangements .
tr	NNS	She rolled her khaki slacks up and sat down , letting her feet dangle into the water .
tr	NN	If he got forgiveness ?
tr	NN	The arriving volunteer fire squad crowded the passageway as Spud suited up , and close behind them the usual throng was forming .
tr	NNS	She only knew bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	I don 't mean like the scratches of little animals , I mean marks that gouged the metal deeply .
tr	NN	""" Whoever they find to replace him will recognize your talent . """
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths as she waited , trying to reduce her stress level .
tr	NNS	""" You have the hots for her too ?"
tr	NNS	The fact that we have no desire to use it speaks volumes .
tr	NN	Brick took the podium next to him , still checking the bottom of his shoe as an excuse for slipping .
tr	NN	I covered my bubble of laughter with a cough .
tr	NN	At his nod , she cut a slice of cake , speared a piece with a fork , and offered it to him .
tr	NNS	They often traded chores with Levi just to get out of their turn of cooking for the family .
tr	NNS	He opened his senses , searching for Kay .
tr	NNS	I have a built in desk for my computer which I mainly use to stay in touch with friends and a few family members .
tr	NN	I can feel her vitality oozing off her .
tr	NNS	It did wonders for his eyes .
tr	NNS	"Somebody tipped off the feds because they were waiting on that truck for a couple of days . """
tr	NNS	His hands pushed her thighs apart , moved up to find the buttons of her shirt , slowly slipping each button free .
tr	NN	Sirens flood the air as leaves sweep through the kitchen , swirling around with no other purpose than to go wherever the wind carries them .
tr	NNS	"Good folks and good friends as well as our closest neighbors . """
tr	NNS	Stopping the cabriolet next to a small thicket of lilac and forsythia , he gently wrapped the reins around the small post there for just that purpose .
tr	NNS	For pity 's sake , he 'd seen maids better dressed .
tr	NNS	""" And for once , I played my cards well ."
tr	NNS	He knew those twisted figures .
tr	NN	"You can also seal his file and place it into the completed cold case archives . """
tr	NN	""" Erin did all the heavy lifting on this ."
tr	NNS	They 'd lived centuries ago .
tr	NNS	For centuries , my people have believed our powers come from the gods .
tr	NN	How could she regret fate , or the life growing inside her ?
tr	NNS	I could already feel his hardness grinding against my leg and my core heated , almost like I could feel him thrusting inside me already .
tr	NN	Carlotta ordered a turkey swiss wrap and a lemon scone with clotted cream .
tr	NN	"What if Andrew wrote that creepy "" covet "" e-mail ?"
tr	NN	He touched each item .
tr	NNS	Or should I call them , victims ?
tr	NNS	We got some chairs and a cooler of cold beer .
tr	NN	I gave his arm a light yank , lost my balance , and we both fell into the water .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to stick my tongue out at her .
tr	NNS	Great honors beget great burdens .
tr	NN	It belonged to his landlady , Mrs. Clark , a fellow Scot whose name had been recommended to him by an acquaintance back home .
tr	NNS	Quintus dropped his shears .
tr	NN	Just when Alix was drifting back to sleep , she heard a loud moan , as if Laurel was in horrible pain .
tr	NNS	He must not permit baser instincts to control him .
tr	NN	I need a favor .
tr	NNS	I 'll have no more pies stolen by the likes of you !
tr	NNS	""" I don 't want your pathetic apologies . """
tr	NN	They restrained their bloodlust , hunted other vampires , and protected humanity .
tr	NN	' Mother drilled it into me duty first .
tr	NN	""" You have electricity . """
tr	NNS	Despite its fluidity , I had no doubts about its temperature .
tr	NN	""" I do not understand your meaning . """
tr	NNS	"Sheila laid the pages out on the kitchen table , and said , "" Check this out . """
tr	NN	And then he felt the prick of a very wicked knife pressed against his throat .
tr	NN	He had an overwhelming affection for me .
tr	NNS	The stunned officer watched heavy ceramic wheels and a long section of armor skirting tumbling crazily through the air .
tr	NNS	It contained no shelves , feed bins , or feed of any kind .
tr	NNS	You must forgive our methods but like you we are wary of those we encounter .
tr	NN	The doctor moved the instrument around her stomach .
tr	NN	""" Hey , watch the cream ! """
tr	NN	""" You make a handsome pirate . """
tr	NN	I pinched his washboard abs through his t-shirt .
tr	NN	"They swore him to secrecy , "" I waved my hand in between our faces , "" the whole Buchanan reputation and all that ."
tr	NN	After all , he had had longer , better instruction than her .
tr	NNS	Its soothing effects did wonders .
tr	NN	We navigate a maze of what I can only describe as pure madness .
tr	NN	He brushed a strand of hair back from my face and tucked it behind me ear .
tr	NNS	Pressing my hands against my face , I take deep breaths and then slide my fingers down to my wrists , snapping the rubber band .
tr	NNS	""" If you pass , I 'll name my terms . """
tr	NN	When she and Domenico encountered Aurelius Castellano , she felt her husband stiffen beside her .
tr	NNS	She took a few calming breaths once on firm ground again , and then shouted a long string of threats at Nicolas .
tr	NN	"I have no liking for witches , but not even I can deny they know how to brew a hell of an ointment . """
tr	NNS	Exposed to open air , the stench of decay and filth once again flooded his olfactory senses .
tr	NN	The rum was already taking effect and the group was getting loud and boisterous .
tr	NNS	""" Just spread the word , tell folks to keep an eye on it ."
tr	NNS	Now she , too , could sense the darker currents swirling beneath the exotic energy of the chimes .
tr	NN	""" We should go in , "" I admitted lamely , not willing to acknowledge my sense of powerlessness to comfort Jenny ."
tr	NNS	She took three deep breaths and came back to her upright position .
tr	NN	He wore a long white gown with voluminous sleeves , pinched in at the wrists .
tr	NNS	' Did they mention drugs or any other illegal substance during this argument ? '
tr	NN	"Turning back to the girls , I said , "" Any of you have reception ? """
tr	NN	Jack Reed had the reputation of a great white shark .
tr	NNS	Connor caught the apples and bit into one .
tr	NNS	He has two hunting dogs .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to deepen the shallow contact and stuffed my hands in my pockets .
tr	NN	Ice heard Dale snort derisively .
tr	NN	In the immortal words of Number Five , I need input .
tr	NNS	Cole scanned the mixing bowls and ingredients spread across his counters , and the island covered in a dusting of flour .
tr	NNS	So why not shove all the Shifters into one ?
tr	NN	He said them aloud to show her he was seriously staking his claim .
tr	NNS	They 're called engineered apprentices .
tr	NN	said a familiar , half growl of a voice .
tr	NNS	She poured two cups of steaming , fragrant coffee and went to the table .
tr	NNS	The flat planes of light made little cups , like flowers , drifting back and forth to a wind I couldn 't see .
tr	NN	""" I opened the fridge and saw the marmalade and grapefruit ."
tr	NNS	The man fell backwards and tumbled off the side of the tank .
tr	NNS	In that next instant , she shattered against his mouth , hips bucking , spasms rippling through her in pretty waves .
tr	NNS	She cooked my favorite meals and made me some new clothes .
tr	NNS	I threw the cards I was holding in his face .
tr	NN	""" I 'll call your uncle and see if you can stay in Ford 's old apartment at the shop ."
tr	NN	They had no butter .
tr	NNS	You 'd bring your grazes to me then .
tr	NNS	If our business isn 't successful we can 't feed our families .
tr	NN	Tiny shivers raced up and down my spine , creating goose bumps that scattered over my scalp and caused my eyes to flutter closed .
tr	NN	She 'd been his submissive and was nearly his fiance .
tr	NN	If you read scientific articles in newspapers or magazines , you will encounter this argument frequently .
tr	NN	"We made an appointment - "" And now Denison had it ."
tr	NN	He patted the knight on the arm .
tr	NN	I could feel my exhaustion all the way to my bones .
tr	NNS	But she wore the same intricate braids and heavy strands of beads snaking around her neck in both life and death .
tr	NN	She gave a lazy yawn and nearly purred at the large hand rubbing up and down her back . '
tr	NN	"It 's really moving and like Ali said , it 's getting hotter as it goes . """
tr	NNS	"They 've got troubles there with some gangs . """
tr	NN	"Did you need proof ? """
tr	NNS	You mentioned uniques being able to tell when they meet another one .
tr	NNS	He took deep breaths and closed his eyes .
tr	NNS	""" I accept your terms , but don 't try to weasel out of this by finding an impossible woman ."
tr	NNS	He 'd stacked his Solo cups , and had about six of them .
tr	NN	She offers him the jewellery , which is still sewn into the hem of her skirt .
tr	NN	""" And if you pul a weapon on us again , I 'll blow your knee cap . """
tr	NNS	The beasts ' tails made several more connections , slicing through her clothes and skin .
tr	NNS	He fingered the long blades in a kind of wonder .
tr	NN	And I needed her forgiveness .
tr	NNS	If so , they would have the roads covered .
tr	NN	He opens the fridge and puts his hand out like he 's Vanna White .
tr	NNS	These last wore uniforms with black shirts .
tr	NN	""" You ever shot anybody before ? """
tr	NN	Well , he 'd shown that hypocrite , and he wasn 't done yet .
tr	NN	""" In the bedroom , please , "" he told the waiter ."
tr	NN	She had no proof that Jimmy had bribed anyone .
tr	NNS	"She doesn 't have powers anymore . """
tr	NN	Stefan used a sharp wooden letter opener from his desk to cut himself .
tr	NNS	' Unlike dogs , human society doesn 't only challenge leaders .
tr	NNS	Therefore , Sonia could not abide her own wonky efforts .
tr	NNS	I dug up planets and ate the roots .
tr	NN	""" Will I get extra credit ? """
tr	NN	Once there , he lit a candle he had brought along with him .
tr	NNS	I pull the reins until my horse goes over and follows suit .
tr	NN	As he hurried up the street , the aroma coming from a restaurant entrance was making his stomach growl .
tr	NNS	"He has had ties to the Black Knights gang on near north side of town as well . """
tr	NNS	Lauren threw the covers back and ran for the bathroom .
tr	NN	""" We enjoy the physical universe ."
tr	NNS	Too bad the collar also negates my powers except for a tiny bit of mind control .
tr	NNS	Though my magic was fleeting , I still had human instincts I could rely on .
tr	NNS	She had ordered some blinds , but they wouldn 't be installed until next week .
tr	NN	""" In battle , you always take the offensive if you want to - "" "" This isn 't battle , "" Skye said softly ."
tr	NNS	""" We get two raft trips this summer . """
tr	NNS	"How do you tell twins apart by their cries ? """
tr	NNS	Except for Daphne , everybody had some lumps , bumps , and bruises .
tr	NNS	Then I felt a coldness that started in my core and traveled thru my limbs and out my hands .
tr	NN	My girl likes doin ' that .
tr	NNS	Their pain will cause carelessness .
tr	NN	Mark explained the gem of his many projects to them .
tr	NNS	""" Still , I have numbness and weakness , tremors - "" "" It 's still too early to predict a final prognosis ."
tr	NN	He wore his favourite uniform of denims that fit snug and comfortably and a softly ribbed jumper , a rich maroon today .
tr	NN	It 'd favor your coloring , actually .
tr	NN	But if you can neither take our advice nor give us anything to do , what are we all sitting here for ?
tr	NNS	Needing more air to attempt to deal with the panic gripping her lungs , she took fast , and hopefully silent , breaths .
tr	NNS	On the street she took deep cooling breaths .
tr	NNS	Mike aligned his priorities .
tr	NNS	Elijah has taken two bites .
tr	NN	""" Whose version ? """
tr	NNS	My tablet sent signals to the road sensors , telling them to ignore the passing vehicle , but tricking the cameras was well beyond its programming .
tr	NNS	He saw the wariness in her eyes and wished he could do something to reassure her .
tr	NN	I found the chem lab and slipped inside .
tr	NNS	You don 't refuse Black Cross assignments .
tr	NN	I blew the lump of pasta before I brought it to my mouth .
tr	NNS	She also packed forks , spoons , and knifes , along with dainty little napkins .
tr	NNS	Esmeralda noticed an emptiness behind the yellow eyes of the beast .
tr	NNS	I turn the wipers off and buckle my seat belt .
tr	NN	I never killed anybody , though .
tr	NNS	As we moved through the musty and rank smelling passageway , I noticed greasy marks on both sides .
tr	NN	She ate her strawberry ice cream while looking out of her window at the countless stars scattered across the night sky .
tr	NN	But he had no patience for that , either .
tr	NN	""" Oh , thank goodness ."
tr	NNS	"You 've been sleeping off the drugs during since then . """
tr	NN	I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain .
tr	NNS	' When we do find him , he 'd better have some very good excuses for this little excursion . '
tr	NN	He felt an instant affection for the little girl .
tr	NN	My heart wouldn 't let my finger squeeze .
tr	NN	Slowly , I wound around the complex and slipped out one of the side gates .
tr	NNS	Never under-estimate the mental powers of children .
tr	NNS	She could see the cogs that marked off the days .
tr	NN	I have done my duty and sought honor on each occasion .
tr	NNS	She separated the candles in order to lay down the book .
tr	NN	Brick couldn 't resist a little mockery .
tr	NN	He lay there panting , a sheen of sweat on his forehead .
tr	NN	The boy let out a rough groan that made Caleb 's stomach churn .
tr	NNS	I quickly deflected such fears .
tr	NNS	One make , which he recognized , could weigh a mere billion atoms .
tr	NN	The kid gave them all an egotistical smirk and sauntered back to the table .
tr	NN	' Because it is self-abuse and a sin .
tr	NNS	To the north , they could just glimpse the clear waters of the Blue Lake .
tr	NNS	""" What about empty paint cans ?"
tr	NN	She can feel the brittle nails digging into her skin .
tr	NN	"I also took your advice and went to bed with someone . """
tr	NN	I turn my glare on her .
tr	NN	She let out a whoop and jumped into his arms .
tr	NNS	""" You know fathers . """
tr	NNS	He opened her thighs , draping her there , her feet flat on the floor .
tr	NN	Uncle Jack pulled her insistently toward his truck .
tr	NNS	"Make all arrangements . """
tr	NNS	""" You got your million bucks . """
tr	NNS	It opened its jaws and inched forward , fighting for every stride .
tr	NN	What fruits could it possibly bear ?
tr	NNS	""" Meaning if I keep trying , I may just wear down your defenses anyway ? """
tr	NNS	I could never get such donations , but she travels in such circles and could probably do it in a heartbeat .
tr	NN	""" Then you don 't want your info ? """
tr	NNS	""" Juliette - "" His body presses closer and I realize I 'm paying attention to nothing but the dandelions blowing wishes in my lungs ."
tr	NNS	He lifted the remaining cards , and she inserted her card approximately halfway into the deck .
tr	NNS	He is standing a few paces back ; arms crossed over his chest , and is regarding me with a somewhat amused expression .
tr	NNS	Helping her sort blocks .
tr	NN	""" May I just give her a little peek ? """
tr	NNS	I will melt the stony hearts of your enemies by my tears and prayers .
tr	NNS	My heart pounds as I scan the roofs again .
tr	NNS	Everyone knelt down and vigorously shook canisters in their hands .
tr	NN	""" Sit down , honey . """
tr	NNS	"Sometimes they accused whole families . """
tr	NN	She fingered the dagger in the sheath at her hip and wrinkled her nose at the sulfuric odor trailing off the demon .
tr	NN	"Source matches last known location of Iris . """
tr	NN	""" A Vampire attacked a Werewolf ."
tr	NNS	""" Did he do any mighty deeds ? """
tr	NNS	"Not knowing what to say , she just nodded and mumbled , "" Thou hath thy apologies . """
tr	NN	We rarely used this terminal .
tr	NNS	She has issues just like the rest of us in the world except her issues try to kill her on more than one occasion .
tr	NNS	Daniel was untying the knots , rubbing my wrists where the rope had left depressions in my skin .
tr	NNS	Now they 've lost their senses entirely and only care about destroying this dancing thorn in their side .
tr	NN	Gary mimicked the gesture , waving his finger immediately behind Cass ' as Joanna worked hard to keep from scowling at them both .
tr	NNS	""" I have more than nineteen dollars in tokens ."
tr	NNS	He put down the shears and the trowel and stripped off his gloves .
tr	NNS	I force my fingernails into my palms .
tr	NNS	She shouldn 't have doubted her instincts .
tr	NNS	""" We have the steaks going , cousin ."
tr	NNS	It 's raining cats and dogs .
tr	NN	""" Or maybe carried only the sandals ."
tr	NNS	She sunk her fangs into his shoulder , ravenous for the taste of him .
tr	NNS	He 'd toss the items to Liv and make her put them in her backpack .
tr	NNS	Frank put some numbers in the ground at his feet .
tr	NNS	She overheard the word hormones and little else .
tr	NNS	A firebomb flew inches past me and hit him full force , slamming him down again .
tr	NN	She gave a little smirk before shoulder bumping me and exiting the gymnasium .
tr	NN	He resisted the urge to take another pain pill .
tr	NNS	An uncomfortable oddness suddenly permeated their surroundings , flooding Michael with fear .
tr	NNS	What little I could see of her face , my poor sister was playing the scenarios in her head and quickly deduced that she couldn 't win .
tr	NN	I can taste the salty sweetness of myself in the kiss .
tr	NN	Apollo took pity on me .
tr	NN	No simple sandwich could satisfy the hunger inside her .
tr	NNS	We shall need two spears and a cloak .
tr	NN	""" Who will take the crown ? """
tr	NNS	He too had noticed the approaching teens .
tr	NNS	If anything major happened , we 'd alert all leaders .
tr	NNS	John followed a few paces behind .
tr	NN	The masuk snarled a command , but the child 's crying rendered it inaudible .
tr	NN	Nicolas murmured his chant as he raced toward the door , a silent bid to the gods of his grandparents to lend wings to his feet .
tr	NN	I have no advice to offer her .
tr	NNS	Sadie had sewed new cushions for the seat and back .
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to fortify myself with more caffeine , to put off even further what I had to say .
tr	NN	""" Oops -- dropped my pen . """
tr	NNS	You know those little sitting areas in the mall ?
tr	NN	"Like I said , you have potential ; you just need to work it . """
tr	NNS	Tessa felt the hairs on her arms rise , and was uncomfortably aware of the eyes of everyone in the room on her .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump that wanted to choke her .
tr	NN	"That 'll teach ya ' some respect . """
tr	NN	He opens the refrigerator , still laughing .
tr	NN	That chance is remote , his appearance at our party would be like winning the lottery .
tr	NN	One day he would run his own promotion , and it would be done properly .
tr	NNS	Bram approached the twins , looking from one to the other before he fixed his gaze on Ronan .
tr	NNS	I wracked my brains for weeks wondering if I 'd left the breakfast dishes out or if I hadn 't cleaned the floor well enough .
tr	NNS	He read the figures back to Boris .
tr	NNS	""" I 've done sixteen missions ."
tr	NN	AH , BUT WE ARE NOT IN THE WORLD , said Death .
tr	NN	The one who yelled pulls a dagger from his belt with a very strange curved blade , an even stranger looking handle and is heading toward Cassandra .
tr	NN	""" We had a strong closing argument ."
tr	NNS	He pushed the pages toward her .
tr	NN	Some of you I 've already had the privilege of having in my class before .
tr	NNS	He had nine inches , after all .
tr	NN	He withdrew the brass letter opener from the drawer and sliced through the top flap with its dull blade .
tr	NNS	Discover other titles by Vincent C. Martinez at his official author webpage .
tr	NNS	""" You put the charge into here , "" she indicated the cables heading to each of the lasers ."
tr	NNS	Sarah took the biscuits out of the oven and slid one onto a small plate for him .
tr	NNS	""" You can put yourselves up in here if you like . """
tr	NNS	She gave the canisters in the airlock a brief inspection .
tr	NN	shrugged the hotel owner .
tr	NN	The lad gave a mocking salute .
tr	NN	Not that she offered much resistance .
tr	NNS	I was wearing three layers , including a tank top , my favorite silver sweater , and an orange fleece vest .
tr	NNS	I 've broken two fingernails .
tr	NNS	Chapter Thirty Meet the Parents I had no idea that Logan 's parents once lived on the mainland before moving to Paragon and buying the bowling alley .
tr	NN	But it didn 't trouble Maryanne .
tr	NN	""" You 'd better sit down a sec , "" he said , "" and let me tell you about Al Schwartz . """
tr	NN	Not a cloud mars its perfection .
tr	NN	He was taking another oath .
tr	NNS	Mordecai , on his side , had his visions of a disciple , and I corresponded with the image his longing had created .
tr	NNS	He unlocked all security measures on the laptop and activated his wireless Internet card .
tr	NN	Didn 't know this Queen .
tr	NN	""" Fantastic , "" Jericho mumbled sarcastically ."
tr	NN	We can 't risk a leak like that .
tr	NNS	Oakes knew the arguments .
tr	NN	Then , she dropped the extra clip in her purse .
tr	NN	Charlie and Kate clambered into the SUV , Charlie silently cursing the height and size of the vehicle .
tr	NNS	""" I hate delays . """
tr	NNS	She 'd met enough marriage counselors to know that open marriages were a thing that worked for some couples .
tr	NN	The rescue squad has a rope .
tr	NN	""" I need a favor from you two . """
tr	NN	And he raised his crossbow and fired , right at the main bellows .
tr	NNS	Yet , that very same night I heard noises and I knew somebody was trying to get in .
tr	NN	"She must have gasped or screamed as she stumbled back inside because they all looked up and Carlo shouted , "" Oh fuck ! """
tr	NN	He then shouldered his assault rifle and shifted sideways , staying clear of the sonic cannon 's blast .
tr	NN	""" But believe me , we know the drill . """
tr	NNS	Alanna chanted more spells , and Niall watched runes appear and disappear as he formed the tang , made the hilt , and ground the blade .
tr	NNS	And if I lose the bet , I 'll win the million dollars .
tr	NNS	"I 've had enough chili dogs this week to last me a lifetime . """
tr	NN	It all created the effect of a TV series high-school cheerleader , squashed and malformed by the wrong viewing settings .
tr	NNS	""" Your body heat will warm the suits quickly ."
tr	NN	The use of auxiliary devices to sustain the life of the brain can in no way invalidate the fundamental and inalienable humanity of that brain .
tr	NNS	Starting tomorrow we 'll move families into the empty buildings .
tr	NN	He extended the mic near Yolanda .
tr	NN	He couldn 't believe the sudden pang that shot through his heart at the hazy sight .
tr	NN	"You 'll not get me that easy , knight . """
tr	NNS	""" You fired those shots ? """
tr	NNS	""" The Pale take your lies and deceit . """
tr	NNS	I shook the cards out of their box , cut the deck , and then shuffled them back together .
tr	NN	""" I have a huge favor to ask . """
tr	NN	""" Your alpha one password . """
tr	NNS	The sound crew was fixing the special accommodations that had been made for the Senator .
tr	NNS	The Author holds exclusive rights to this work .
tr	NNS	As soon as I clapped eyes on the little fellow bobbing and puffing on the mat , I had my doubts .
tr	NNS	Out of the corner of my eye I watched the two ghosts that had appeared in the darkest corner of the room .
tr	NNS	""" You guys got families ? """
tr	NN	Katherine stopped the nurse .
tr	NN	You may have deduced the location of this cabin , but I assure you I 'll be leaving this desert with you .
tr	NN	""" Sounds like a bargain . """
tr	NN	At last she would find success .
tr	NNS	"Bill wants the actors to think about slippery stuff , about slime beneath the city streets . """
tr	NNS	""" You 're still you , "" it comes out breathless ."
tr	NNS	""" How many Officials do you suppose there will be ? """
tr	NNS	I was still feeling dizzy and my stomach was turning .
tr	NN	Belinda regarded her uncle from where she was sitting on the sofa and had to agree .
tr	NN	In addition to being the best fighters at Mythos , the Spartans also had a reputation for being the most bloodthirsty .
tr	NNS	""" Two Dungeness crabs , four drawn butters , and two orders of garlic bread . """
tr	NNS	Not that so far Miranda 's rituals had prevented the ghosts from visiting .
tr	NN	The man is offering me forbidden Ice !
tr	NNS	Jeremy Washington , eighteen thousand dollars .
tr	NN	The minute I heard the slow tap of shoes descending the cement steps , I raced down the block .
tr	NN	The bitch has got a blood bath . '
tr	NN	I 've only met a handful .
tr	NN	""" How did you make the transition ? """
tr	NN	He grabbed David 's fork and began to eat his second breakfast of the day .
tr	NN	""" Wait , "" Cole said , the realization of what I 'd said sinking in ."
tr	NNS	I warn you , I have ulterior motives .
tr	NNS	"I can see the marks of the Apollyon . """
tr	NN	That single fact instantly told a visitor just how powerful Damon Kincaid was .
tr	NN	His fingers found the hem of her nightgown and with one yank , he ripped it away from her body .
tr	NNS	""" A truck driver gave my mother twenty dollars to let him fondle me once . """
tr	NN	Jewell turned from the mirror and followed Ms. Beaumont to the room they 'd set up a theater for the event .
tr	NNS	We resumed our natural forms and marched to the city gate .
tr	NNS	Charlie ignored the alpha 's taunts , focusing on his movements .
tr	NNS	More than once I heard paper ripping , and Noelle winced as a guard tore through the pages of a book she had under her pillow .
tr	NNS	Next came the coats of arms of the other distinguished major houses organized into rows along the roof .
tr	NNS	While Alma had been slowly stepping into darkness , Kane was reclaiming his abilities with light .
tr	NNS	""" Like goddamned cats and dogs , right there in his room ."
tr	NN	Thank god for her .
tr	NN	She shook out the braid she 'd managed in those few seconds and began again .
tr	NNS	""" I will not abandon my teammates . """
tr	NN	""" What the fuck are you doing ? """
tr	NN	I have no argument with him .
tr	NNS	Piranha kidnapped countless victims who went missing for years ; many he forced into prostitution .
tr	NN	So take my advice , Claire .
tr	NN	Yves noticed what he should have seen long before : her exhaustion , her despair , her love for him , her disappointment .
tr	NNS	He didn 't look panicked at all .
tr	NNS	""" I like labels ."
tr	NNS	Ditto the dirty dishes and stacks of pizza boxes -- they crept over every inch of free space in the living room .
tr	NNS	"At the podium , Gabe continued his remarks . """
tr	NN	Winston began his descent on the curving exit ramp -- tapping his brakes , exercising great care so that he did not tumble over .
tr	NNS	I licked the last few drops of blood off his throat afterward and let him sit back in his seat .
tr	NN	I double blink at that thought .
tr	NNS	He staggered backwards but didn 't fall .
tr	NNS	""" We have checked 1000 soil samples , and there is no evidence of the parasites ."
tr	NNS	He brushed his palms on his sides and took hold of Justus ' hand with both of his , shaking it wildly .
tr	NN	"Well , please enlighten me , oh great identifier of problems . """
tr	NN	she asked worriedly , her hand unconsciously moving to her throat .
tr	NN	A cold finger of unease crept up my spine at the news of the giant 's escape .
tr	NN	Her fingers curl around the door 's molding with each bump .
tr	NN	This , of course , had the desired effect as Briar was quickly flogged across the head with a rumpled blanket .
tr	NNS	"They will be watching the airport and bus stations for you . """
tr	NN	She only had so much willpower - and she 'd reached her limit for the day .
tr	NN	Conlan squeezed her thigh .
tr	NNS	Ward snapped the reins , and the horses started to move .
tr	NN	When he doesn 't answer immediately , I sneak a peek out of the corner of my eye .
tr	NNS	Laura did the honors and poured a glass at the side table , while Molly took her leave of them .
tr	NN	He blew a grey twisted horn resonating dull in the breaking of the evening .
tr	NNS	""" Therefore , I only excavate three planets per quarter . """
tr	NN	He never refused a treat .
tr	NN	She unrolled the scroll .
tr	NN	Slightly spreading my legs apart , I caught a glimpse of the bottom part of jeans and men 's white sneakers directly behind me .
tr	NN	"They set up the fenced off portion of the base first and immediately started sending shuttles full of soldiers into the city . """
tr	NN	I also remembered the ache you get in your heart when love has disappointed you .
tr	NN	I nodded weakly , which turned the volume up on the pain .
tr	NN	He pulled out a file from the inside of his jacket and handed it to her .
tr	NN	"You 'll set a bad example for Sam . """
tr	NNS	He left drugs in our hotel room .
tr	NN	""" We don 't need a demonstration of how it should be done , crewman . """
tr	NN	If she was willing to offer him the gift of her innocence , then he would offer her the respect she deserved .
tr	NNS	Joseph rubbed his temples as if they throbbed .
tr	NN	""" I 'm not getting a ' view cam feed ' option . """
tr	NNS	It meant the animal instincts taking over , the human side being suppressed until the animal ruled , no matter what form the Shifter was in .
tr	NNS	"She now has bodyguards of her own . """
tr	NNS	""" How many patients did you have in mind ? """
tr	NN	I could hear an internal ticking clock , reminding me that I didn 't have much time , but being discreet was very important .
tr	NN	Ry had used his warlock talent to search while I 'd done the physical part of it .
tr	NNS	I took several sharp breaths .
tr	NN	"Some old wizard designed this sanctuary . """
tr	NN	"Would you grab a candle ? """
tr	NNS	We have our burdens , do we not , you and I , Mary ?
tr	NNS	Making their egress from Chesterfield Hall , Marcus and Eldridge retrieved the reins from the waiting groomsmen and mounted their horses .
tr	NNS	I felt the coolness of the evening air , the pounding of Rafe 's heart as he summoned a young woman to his side .
tr	NN	Then I saw a narrow ramp leading down .
tr	NNS	Shay and I have our suspicions , but without proof we can 't do anything , and that is all they are right now .
tr	NN	Paul rammed his hip against the elevator door and shoved with all his might , the claw trapped between the twin rectangles of heavy steel .
tr	NNS	Just before entering , Sir George grabbed the reins of her horse , bringing it to a sudden halt .
tr	NNS	I scoured social media sites in search of an alter ego and I finally found him .
tr	NN	He pulled back a curtain .
tr	NNS	I had two weekends free , and if I planned to see my dad on the second weekend , I had to see hers the first weekend .
tr	NNS	""" It probably would give me nightmares . """
tr	NN	The Dwarf pulled his beard .
tr	NN	After a flash of guilt she carefully used the other postcard to tell her parents that she was completely still alive .
tr	NN	Dorothy removed Kay 's gown from the hanger .
tr	NN	I 'd put my backpack in the massive room filled with coffins when I arrived a few hours ago .
tr	NN	And I suddenly felt a new responsibility to represent America accurately to these foreigners .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the white pages and thumbed through it , tearing out a page when I found what looked to be the correct listing .
tr	NNS	All three lifeboats shuttled workers down from the Domingo .
tr	NN	A shiver ran down his spine , as they usually do .
tr	NNS	Riley and those damned cats .
tr	NNS	He also had long black eyelashes .
tr	NNS	""" From the drugs ? """
tr	NN	By now it must have known the female universe , but he did not .
tr	NN	He held the candy out to the gang of kids surrounding him , but no one accepted it .
tr	NNS	""" Who would take these photographs ? """
tr	NN	"Maybe I can rig your video to play on the TV so you 'll have a bigger screen . """
tr	NN	asked Tristan 's captor from behind him .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , postponing the confrontation with Valerie Shipley was not going to improve matters .
tr	NN	Preston couldn 't see any harm in letting Max talk to him .
tr	NNS	Slowly he approached the Big Boss ' offices , where at least the swinging double doors offered him much easier access .
tr	NNS	His hands cupped her shoulder blades , his fingers stroking lightly along the material of her shirt .
tr	NN	""" She did the second review . """
tr	NN	And every now and then , you can avoid an unwanted confrontation with a little fear , or use a mix of emotions to extract information .
tr	NNS	I decided to try things nicely first , if that didn 't work , I was drawing the knives and making a run for it .
tr	NNS	""" But , Hazard , no one has used the marks of secret for centuries ."
tr	NNS	There he saw shadowy figures and adjusted the grip on his sword .
tr	NNS	""" Thanks , Mum , but I don 't want the biscuits . """
tr	NN	Every once in a while she 'll take pity on a commoner , or perhaps a servant .
tr	NN	""" Thank goodness it only took me two visits to get her to accept my dinner invitation ."
tr	NN	Claire gave a thumbs-up .
tr	NN	She had no other option but to look away and regain control of her emotions .
tr	NN	They parked their pick-up in a dark location of the bar parking lot .
tr	NNS	In those days , they took trips together with her father .
tr	NNS	"He was running drugs through Yavapai County and Stutz found out . """
tr	NNS	"Get your priorities in order . """
tr	NNS	She no longer had those pearly whites I coveted .
tr	NNS	In my defense , I have never seen antiques so well taken care of from that time-period outside of a museum .
tr	NN	Hey , they even did a feature in Country Houses .
tr	NNS	If that was the case then I could understand his motives .
tr	NNS	This included the batteries and charging systems .
tr	NN	Kylie let sarcasm leak into her tone .
tr	NN	Anything you say could shake up the economy or have an impact on a hundred other countries around the globe .
tr	NNS	I fired three more shots into the two men .
tr	NN	And when it comes to Indian philosophy , compartmentalizing its various branches also facilitates comparison with Western philosophy .
tr	NNS	You didn 't fix our sorts of problems by post .
tr	NNS	"It reads palms , see ? """
tr	NN	She nervously fingered a strand of her hair .
tr	NNS	Did Romania get earthquakes ?
tr	NN	Shaking his head slightly , Cleon gave her an amused smirk as he walked past her .
tr	NNS	"Like when you disabled the cameras in the lab ? """
tr	NN	He heard the carriage wheels crunch on the gravel behind him , getting farther away until it disappeared .
tr	NNS	This was proper exercise , I thought , breathless from all the twirling .
tr	NNS	"I 'll split the fifty bucks with you . """
tr	NN	My hands slowly crept up her ribcage until my thumb swept across the swell of her breast .
tr	NNS	So who had called the shots before Yeager Awakened ?
tr	NNS	Air formed solid , spinning wheels spread out across the plain like enormous scythes .
tr	NNS	"The machine transits picture visions , instead of words , to and from our minds through the air 's atmosphere . """
tr	NNS	Carefully he unrolled the pages for her so they didn 't disintegrate .
tr	NNS	He hooked his thumbs in his wide leather belt .
tr	NNS	"Do not make excuses for your misguided actions . """
tr	NN	"Use your peephole and call me if anything seems ... um , I guess ... strange . """
tr	NNS	""" Why don 't you all find some females for us and guys for yourselves ?"
tr	NN	Neil lugged his dirty uniform into the locker room and saw Nicky waiting on one of the benches with a black gift bag .
tr	NNS	The conversation raised the hairs on the back of his neck .
tr	NNS	"We did some islands in Southern California last year with Marco . """
tr	NN	I pulled the medal out of my pocket .
tr	NNS	So Tandy was always sending requests for small articles he found difficult to get in France .
tr	NN	Alphas who were born into a pack had the option of staying and learning to submit to the current Alpha .
tr	NNS	Something else was transmitting the nightmares to Sini 's implant .
tr	NN	They continued the climb for the rest of that day and most of the next .
tr	NN	"It gives visitors a bad impression . """
tr	NN	I can 't take those moans .
tr	NNS	Unlike most dragon breeds , Sand dragons didn 't have multiple scales covering their vulnerable flesh .
tr	NNS	Alex 's research turned up reports of female body parts found in the desert east of Roswell .
tr	NN	""" I 'd rather not stick a fork in you ."
tr	NN	When we are alone I can give you a better demonstration .
tr	NN	When night fell , Ares slumbered and Dionysus took the throne .
tr	NNS	""" Haven 't the twins been doing their chores ? """
tr	NN	Some bigwig 's lending a very special painting to one of the displays .
tr	NNS	""" So , why the balloons ? """
tr	NN	""" I 've learned my lesson . """
tr	NNS	He read reports and conducted depositions and drafted pleadings , but all the while he was waiting .
tr	NN	He didn 't need a scarred and wounded High Demon mate .
tr	NNS	He posted the tapes ahead as they became filled up so that his secretary could begin work on the famous American Report even before his return .
tr	NNS	From what Eddy told me he 's been getting bolder lately .
tr	NNS	The hot water felt nice , I could feel all my aches and pains disappear within minutes .
tr	NNS	"Let 's finish our chores and then walk over mid-morning . """
tr	NN	""" Looks like the church escaped the high tide . """
tr	NNS	On top of the mountain , hidden among the peaks of the peaceful sanctuary , the clear , still water mirrored the clouds passing over .
tr	NN	One of Ellen 's shots had nearly severed the snake in two .
tr	NNS	I cannot use my powers on him .
tr	NNS	""" You shouldn 't make assumptions about things you don 't understand . """
tr	NN	Don 't ever clean a fish .
tr	NNS	They both had good brains .
tr	NN	Trystan steps toward me , pulls the pillow from my hands , and slides his palms up my cheeks and then tangles his fingers in my hair .
tr	NNS	Instead , she 'd acknowledged her worst fears .
tr	NN	Cautiously and defiantly , I pulled the piano wire out of the case .
tr	NN	To leave he 'd need a false passport to travel on , not to mention the language skills to help him survive wherever he wound up .
tr	NN	Maybe they would give us a good rate to feature their wines .
tr	NN	I missed my little giggling vixen .
tr	NN	She most likely would give him the silent treatment .
tr	NNS	She wanted some allies , but soon realized these girls wanted one thing -- money .
tr	NNS	True , all criminals have motives , but those motives may not be rational .
tr	NNS	His voice held a roughness .
tr	NN	""" I had an uncle in the service ."
tr	NN	Chapter Three HOW DID ONE hold a funeral for a person whose body was gone ?
tr	NN	"He bit back the urge to retort and said , "" You 're right . """
tr	NNS	""" Stop street killings in D.C. ?"
tr	NN	"I 've got a pressing engagement elsewhere . """
tr	NN	I pinched the ridge of my nose and squeezed my eyes shut .
tr	NN	I search the fridge for food , and find some eggs and a pint of milk .
tr	NN	I knew the rider .
tr	NN	I returned the favor by removing his shirt and was quickly reminded of how incredibly sexy his body was .
tr	NN	"If I 'm home , locking it gives me some privacy or a few seconds to prepare if they 're breaking in . """
tr	NN	Plus , she didn 't want her reputation to become any more tainted .
tr	NN	She retrieved the tin of cookies , shut the car door and hurried up the driveway and over to the front door .
tr	NNS	He denied those particular requests .
tr	NN	With a detectable note of impatience in her voice , she cut off Paul 's silent admiration .
tr	NN	Seth considered the proposition for a little bit .
tr	NNS	They didn 't have any professional connections .
tr	NNS	I put the tapestries back on the wall to occupy my mind and stood in the middle of the room feeling useless but not much else .
tr	NNS	Eliza could barely make out the connecting wires from the balloons to the ship below .
tr	NNS	She could barely imagine the emptiness Liam must have endured with only his brother to love him .
tr	NN	Once she injected the blood , Roxie pulled the needle out and recited the words of the spell .
tr	NN	I carefully fill the vial with the smoky substance and get the hell out of Dodge .
tr	NNS	She eased the undergarments from her body and threw them behind her .
tr	NN	At the mention of his father 's name , he exhaled a long groan .
tr	NNS	People like suits of armor .
tr	NN	We won 't have the airport in Raleigh much longer ; somebody will be in there soon and will vandalize the place .
tr	NNS	He operated the computer systems as Anna continued to push the shuttle to its max speed .
tr	NN	"You should see the instrument on his arm , not only can they hear each other , but they can their faces also ? """
tr	NN	"What my dad calls a "" good starter "" ."
tr	NN	We 'll have a big barbecue and watch the 49er game .
tr	NNS	The other ships had all taken up anchoring positions around the large green bridge that towered over the river .
tr	NN	"I should have gotten you a rattle and a pacifier , too . """
tr	NNS	Eve tapped purple metallic fingernails against the china of her coffee cup , and didn 't look away from Oliver 's glare .
tr	NN	He had missed their Sunday appointment and now she was here .
tr	NNS	"We barter and sell antiques . """
tr	NN	"Winston handed the package to one of his team , and said , "" Five , please . """
tr	NNS	""" I 'm painting my toenails ! """
tr	NN	He finds a soda and grabs two glasses .
tr	NN	He spread his napkin out on his lap .
tr	NNS	George Walker High School in Scottsdale , Arizona , had no interior hallways .
tr	NN	"Lousy fucking CIA intelligence . """
tr	NNS	But other times , the big empty building gave me the creeps .
tr	NN	I found sick humor in that knowledge .
tr	NNS	The vampire snaps his fangs at me .
tr	NN	Frowning , he twisted a dial on the side of the gun .
tr	NN	Why didn 't she remember this uncle at all ?
tr	NN	I wore that clip in my hair every day for two months and my mother never once mentioned it .
tr	NN	""" Honey , he couldn 't risk the bad publicity . """
tr	NNS	If only someone half as hot as Luca would walk into my life ... With a sigh , I tuck the final bits of greenery into place .
tr	NNS	You know his strengths .
tr	NN	At the same time , he couldn 't hide a quality of what seemed almost stunned disbelief at his own words .
tr	NN	"Marc , of course , gives his usual "" You got ta get through me to get to Holly , lady "" glare ."
tr	NNS	In fact , his exact expression sent all sorts of wriggling sensations through her stomach , and they made Henrietta grin for some reason .
tr	NN	""" He 's em 'n ince , do 'n wan ' slime like you bein ' able t ' touch ' im ."
tr	NN	I set the needle down and grab a paper towel , mopping up the blood on my arm .
tr	NNS	A mix of spices and aromas overwhelmed my senses as I wondered how I was going to control myself from eating everything in sight .
tr	NN	""" He loves your treatment ."
tr	NNS	""" I 'll call if anything changes in his condition ."
tr	NN	You 're carrying my reputation .
tr	NNS	""" Take deep breaths ."
tr	NNS	I took several deep breaths .
tr	NN	Please contact the editor at the above email address for further details .
tr	NNS	Oh ... thank the gods .
tr	NNS	My beloved boss always had his connections , and he 'd chuckle with me on the phone about the information that came his way .
tr	NN	But I needed her involvement to implement my plan .
tr	NN	His eyes followed the rope up and over the stone wall high above his head .
tr	NN	After three of the glossy cakes were demolished , I drew the tray nearer to me .
tr	NNS	We need new leaders with fresh views .
tr	NNS	Lucien and Lorraine drew aside the tapestries of the King 's four-poster bed .
tr	NN	Not to mention the cost of replacing the carpet that had been burned .
tr	NN	I drained the second vial and thumped the syringe .
tr	NN	The coach gave a cruel smirk .
tr	NN	""" We will get an update on that when we meet next week , but it does seem as if the threat is real and growing . """
tr	NN	""" I never told anybody what to do in my life ."
tr	NNS	He hooks the two reins , one on each side of the walkway , and continues to saddle up the horse .
tr	NN	The door appeared no different , the knob loose and easy to force open .
tr	NN	He followed an agenda .
tr	NN	He read the file twice quickly , and then settled on a few of the key pages .
tr	NNS	Someone had rigged up lamps and mirrors below it .
tr	NN	On those black days , I visit a different universe .
tr	NN	""" We have no proof . """
tr	NNS	She cut the cards into three piles .
tr	NN	After a quick search he found a pencil , a ruler and a piece of paper and set to work carefully drawing a picture of the Talisman .
tr	NN	A frisson of warning skated down his spine .
tr	NNS	As she does , she explains the various processes and procedures .
tr	NN	Emily picked up a People magazine and opened it randomly to a page .
tr	NN	Fingers traced her jawline and then his teeth grazed at her ear and neck , tiny little nips that made her h * ps buck wildly .
tr	NNS	"They have already reached the strategic points . """
tr	NNS	""" Just what I thought , you have your powers . """
tr	NN	"* * * "" Mum , do you want some more hot chocolate ? """
tr	NNS	""" Colin and I haven 't yet discussed our living arrangements in depth . """
tr	NN	Stefan grabbed another handful of my hair and turned us around so I was pinned between himself and the wall , the predator inside of him resurfacing .
tr	NN	""" We 're just ... uh ... "" She twirled a strand of hair between two fingers ."
tr	NNS	It 's probably got more wires than a switchboard .
tr	NNS	His strange eyes flashed dangerously .
tr	NNS	""" Then you will have fulfilled the conditions of the codicil and after the ceremony , Beaumont Shipping will belong to you again . """
tr	NNS	It would take all our combined efforts to do this quickly .
tr	NNS	"It would have gotten both your dogs without a doubt . """
tr	NN	I grabbed a towel from the stack next to the door , and wrapped it around my scantily clad body .
tr	NNS	Then he slid his fangs into her jugular again , deeper this time , sinking them to the hilt .
tr	NNS	The pads of his fingers trailed along my ribs , as mine reached around his neck to twirl around the hair at the back of his head .
tr	NN	Like the outside , the inside had a clean minimalist design .
tr	NNS	"It turns monotonous rather quickly . """
tr	NNS	""" At least she will bring up our test scores . """
tr	NN	He picks up a file .
tr	NN	He charged past her abruptly , the roaring in his ears almost as loud as the crashing waves hammering the shore .
tr	NN	"I seek your forgiveness for hurting you . """
tr	NN	He could hear her weeping .
tr	NN	""" Instructions my lord ? """
tr	NNS	They pointed out the areas where the debris was blocking the way , where we 'd have to use hallways to get around .
tr	NNS	He was given a few stares but he ignored them .
tr	NN	Besides , I 've got a good-bye celebration to get to .
tr	NN	She hadn 't seen her attorney since their lunch date .
tr	NN	And this eclectic collection of furniture and art .
tr	NNS	He pushed the covers back and sat up in bed .
tr	NNS	Bulk e-mail programs blanketed on-line news wires .
tr	NN	""" How do you like riding ? """
tr	NN	I could almost feel the nausea of the change rolling over in my stomach .
tr	NNS	""" Four million dollars ! """
tr	NNS	He massages his temples .
tr	NNS	She could not remember any prayers or Gods that would listen to her now .
tr	NNS	I skim these pages quickly , but as I reach the second half of the book I force myself to slow down .
tr	NNS	They can touch all the pillars , but cannot create or destroy .
tr	NNS	We wanted to go more west , because dare I say it , he had visions of California to find gold and become rich .
tr	NN	The oldest architectural drawing of the building showed very little construction detail .
tr	NN	He had a bouquet of fresh roses and had changed his clothes .
tr	NNS	Providence carefully lit both candles .
tr	NNS	""" You display abilities beyond what someone in your position should have . """
tr	NNS	""" It won 't hurt the apples . """
tr	NNS	As he studied the outline , he remembered the small outlying islands at the entrance to the Cook Strait .
tr	NNS	Katherine watched her movements without comment until Julia stopped at the front door and turned to look at her .
tr	NN	Her eyes didn 't see the intricate mosaic design , nor did she hear the heavy feet that were coming towards her .
tr	NNS	I set some explosives , pushed a button , and it all went up in flame .
tr	NN	I took the vial out of my pocket and carefully poured the Dixie Cup 's contents into it .
tr	NN	Why couldn 't she abhor sin ?
tr	NNS	""" We have talents that make it easier for us to do some things , so it make sense for us to help out . """
tr	NNS	Will you delude yourselves with the idea that all men are really equal ?
tr	NNS	""" Kick their butts ! """
tr	NN	The sailors dropped the basin .
tr	NNS	""" No restaurants , hotels , or other locations . """
tr	NNS	They sound more distant than the other doors .
tr	NNS	The fact that the woman wasn 't certain only confirmed her suspicions that Royston and Miranda weren 't actually engaged .
tr	NNS	She ran her palms over the defined muscles of his chest and then down to his six-pack and narrow waist .
tr	NNS	Even after all these centuries , she still underestimated his abilities .
tr	NN	When she released the curtain and turned with tears in her eyes .
tr	NNS	I slowly moved my pelvis up and down , all around her sweet spot .
tr	NN	I had one goal now , and one goal only : to kill his human before the sun set tomorrow .
tr	NNS	"He explained to the old man , "" You see , he can fill up balloons with hot air to make them float ."
tr	NN	The room was getting hotter , the warlock chanting faster , his black hair curling in the humid heat , sweat gleaming on his cheekbones .
tr	NN	""" There was a time when I owed $ 400,000 , "" he said and removed the tape , his voice quiet ."
tr	NNS	Okay , so he had skills but ... Wow , I needed to stop the arguing in my head before I got a headache .
tr	NNS	I crack jokes at funerals and hit on women during earthquakes .
tr	NN	He had given her a glimpse of the darkness in him , the violence .
tr	NN	He had jammed a baseball cap over his telltale red hair , and I turned my face away to hide my smile .
tr	NN	Kylie recognized her dad 's new assistant whom she 'd met last month at a company picnic .
tr	NNS	For the first few minutes , Nate and Trevor roamed the aisles of games , surveying the different ways to spend tokens .
tr	NNS	I had too many doubts .
tr	NN	""" Maybe you haven 't ordered enough pizza . """
tr	NNS	Then he stripped off his boxers and stood naked , except for his hat , to accept her inspection .
tr	NNS	Webb Travis , who seems so angry all the time , has the same abilities and no one else seems to notice the way he hides it .
tr	NNS	Then , the Army people would check over their cards and discover the discrepancy .
tr	NN	When I came running after you , I grabbed my emergency backpack .
tr	NN	He hoisted the lid and looked inside .
tr	NNS	Sasha massaged her temples .
tr	NNS	""" Life takes some odd twists and turns , doesn 't it ? """
tr	NNS	""" I had my doubts . """
tr	NN	My father had replaced the hay that had been burned because of Andrew causing the fire .
tr	NNS	Evidently men had their own bizarre notions .
tr	NNS	""" What 's a training bra training my breasts to do anyway ? """
tr	NN	Someone , or something , was running along the rooftop , toward the end of the roof above Bax 's head .
tr	NN	As the busy harbour came into view , he felt his shoulders tense and his rigid posture as stiff as a plank .
tr	NNS	In the dimness , she could only see the broad strokes of his expression , but it looked like a yikes .
tr	NNS	Wreck my chances ? '
tr	NN	""" Well of course I want another puzzle ! """
tr	NN	""" Would you give me a quick lesson if I paid you double ? """
tr	NNS	He made little noises under his breath and repeated the same words over and over .
tr	NN	She held my gaze for several moments and without looking away from me she grabbed the gauntlet out of my hand .
tr	NNS	You could see small birds flitting in and out making nests and bringing food to their young .
tr	NNS	I should throw the roses away .
tr	NN	I got the usual zing going through me when he touched me .
tr	NN	I had the definite impression that he 'd rather be anyplace than here .
tr	NNS	""" I 've been having nightmares about you every night . """
tr	NN	Amos Thompson lifted a handful of dirt and let it fall in the grave .
tr	NNS	I had all the chances in the world .
tr	NN	I 'd been given one reprieve from breaking the rules .
tr	NNS	"Scar , you just got your knives back . """
tr	NN	She 'd called the devil , and now he 'd come calling on her .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't even call Jess now .
tr	NNS	' You 've got your instructions , ' he told his sons .
tr	NN	I need a new desk clerk at the hotel .
tr	NNS	And you can keep the slippers .
tr	NN	""" Over that hill . """
tr	NNS	I spat the remains of my cigarette into the beggar 's cup .
tr	NN	"Perhaps Summer can give you some advice on carrying a baby . """
tr	NN	An elderly man walked a Labrador retriever past my car .
tr	NN	Though he was only twenty six , she could pick out the occasional silver strand scattered throughout his dark hair .
tr	NNS	"Blake and your brother Gavin have been building hotels , mostly in Las Vegas and they 've done exceptionally well out there . """
tr	NNS	Sarah faced the giants again .
tr	NN	Michael felt a stitch in his gut .
tr	NNS	I check my settings .
tr	NN	""" I can handle a pistol as well as you , maybe better . """
tr	NN	Again I felt the shroud of being alone envelope me .
tr	NN	He felt her stiffen before she was whirling around to regard him in shocked horror .
tr	NNS	Tony dropped his balls .
tr	NN	"It got Editor 's Choice in the ' What to Buy When Rich Uncle Sidney Dies "" category !"
tr	NNS	The basement diagram displayed several intersecting corridors .
tr	NNS	"So we cannot miss the islands . """
tr	NN	Her fingers were gripping the steel railing and her forehead was pressed against the back of her hands .
tr	NN	She 'd lost the only worldly possession that mattered : a lifetime 's worth of medical research that had been entrusted into her care .
tr	NNS	Next , he withdrew her stockings , groaning out loud when he realized she was only wearing thigh high stockings .
tr	NN	Savannah had a strange , mesmerizing effect on men , as if the memory of her haunted them for eternity .
tr	NN	Almost instantly , Antonia felt an orgasm sweep over her .
tr	NN	""" Thank goodness . """
tr	NNS	She scanned the Triton 's control panels and levers for something that could help , but all the indicators were black .
tr	NNS	And , they could find other assignments for his candidates if he were not inclined to use them as the experimental group .
tr	NN	He had always enjoyed the solitude of his profession .
tr	NNS	My feet tread the familiar halls easily .
tr	NN	The old man gave a shrug .
tr	NNS	I don 't have lovers ... I don 't have one now .
tr	NN	""" Ill spawned red tide ! """
tr	NNS	""" I 've been securing our lands ."
tr	NN	Chapter Twenty-three We call her Jacey now .
tr	NNS	Then he understood the reactions , or lack of reactions , that he saw around him .
tr	NNS	So we play on what 's left , 90 yards .
tr	NNS	And I have the houses , some property .
tr	NNS	I filled my pockets and dragged myself back up the hill .
tr	NN	Frank and Alma Eriksson had a good creek bottom farm .
tr	NNS	I took a few deep breaths and tried to compose myself .
tr	NN	It looks childish next to the very grown-up clothes I 'm wearing , so I slip it off and set it on the dresser .
tr	NN	An icy shiver crept up Spencer 's spine .
tr	NNS	Fathers who spent their weekends working instead of tending to their sons ' needs ?
tr	NNS	""" I 've dispatched armies , but they 've not been as successful as I hoped . """
tr	NN	Now again I made a deep resolve .
tr	NN	I caught the railing and saved myself .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms out with intent , straightening her arms towards him !
tr	NN	But I got Marcie 's tuition at ARC to pay for , in addition to all the other bills .
tr	NN	He twirled a strand of my hair on his finger and leaned in to kiss my nose .
tr	NNS	""" Did you attend such meetings ? """
tr	NNS	There were mumbling noises of assent .
tr	NNS	She was loosely holding the reins , allowing him to drink the clear , cool water , when she saw a whirl of dust .
tr	NNS	""" Gita , will you take your fingernails out of my arm ."
tr	NN	""" We need an update from NASA -- "" Gutierrez interrupted by diving across the table , reaching for Alexander ."
tr	NNS	Her eyes shot daggers into his , but she inclined her pretty head .
tr	NN	I didn 't understand this effect he had on me .
tr	NNS	This man knew his drugs .
tr	NN	Diego focused his pistol and quickly stepped through the thick mists , his foot landing on solid rock .
tr	NN	Alexander took a white gold S-shaped letter opener lying on the hall table .
tr	NNS	Most ships had electrical panels at regular intervals to access the guts of the electrical systems .
tr	NNS	Tessa calculated her funds .
tr	NNS	Fin noted several reactions , from dismissive to serious .
tr	NN	He 'd taken full responsibility .
tr	NN	Afterwards he 'd be given the sofa to sleep on .
tr	NNS	""" You saved their butts , huh ? """
tr	NN	And then she 'd lose her sanity .
tr	NN	""" The restaurant out at the Running Y serves a nice Sunday brunch . """
tr	NN	He shoved back the shower curtain and discovered she 'd neatly replaced the showerhead after her little orgy .
tr	NNS	She counted the pages .
tr	NNS	Frustrated , Carmine grabbed the brown wires again and held his breath as he touched them to the others .
tr	NNS	I kicked off my slippers and was out almost immediately .
tr	NN	After meeting with Dr. Lee , I gave him a rank of five stars .
tr	NN	Pierce can only manage a snort of derision before he walks toward the hallway .
tr	NNS	They were still wearing the same uniforms they had been five years ago .
tr	NN	Rachel was already dishing up a napkin of calamari for him .
tr	NN	She turned the package over and read the description on the back , then smiled .
tr	NN	At one minute to the hour he entered his password and watched as the software recognised , and listed attendees on the conference call .
tr	NNS	"Touching you is not like petting the dogs . """
tr	NN	Theo had no option but to take it .
tr	NNS	Below the tunic he wore under his mail shirt , his bare wrists held red marks in the exact shape of the cuffs .
tr	NN	""" They must have missed the Queen . """
tr	NNS	She couldn 't destroy Cammie 's illusions .
tr	NNS	Tonight , the gods have finally answered my prayers .
tr	NNS	Gumshoe rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	Albert unlocked the helm and positioned the rudders to neutral .
tr	NN	""" We have a responsibility for you now . """
tr	NN	Alexia unhooked her parasol , took aim , and then realized she was out of numbing darts .
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of Gregori before she closed her eyes and let herself cry for the loss of her two friends .
tr	NNS	"That earned a hiss from Isaac , but he did manage to ask using great control , "" Is there something wrong , Sabrina ? """
tr	NNS	I have about 50 cards .
tr	NN	I accepted his firm handshake .
tr	NN	Finally , he looped his pinky around mine .
tr	NN	She scanned the index until she found Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare .
tr	NNS	Case could see Scores sitting inside , moving a yellow pencil across a legal pad .
tr	NNS	She had many allies as well as enemies .
tr	NNS	They exchanged greetings , then Shaw brewed Mack his double shot .
tr	NNS	I dug my fangs into the fish .
tr	NNS	""" I have no doubts that you would sacrifice everything for me , but I won 't let you . """
tr	NNS	As usual , this mirror wasn 't telling any lies .
tr	NN	""" He 's a Master Wizard , "" Drew nuzzled my temple before placing a gentle kiss ."
tr	NNS	Cory rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	Then he phones his assistant and says the same thing .
tr	NN	With that thought , both terrifying and vindicating , she raised her veil .
tr	NN	Quickly , they made a hasty dash and hid next to me beneath a metal walled table .
tr	NN	Kali had a hunch that he was listening closely .
tr	NNS	Bowe puffed out clouds of smoke .
tr	NN	""" I won 't accept responsibility for his death in the prison though ."
tr	NN	He punctuated his advice by pulling her back closer to his chest .
tr	NNS	""" Getting permanently marked and becoming an outcast kills all those opportunities for me ."
tr	NNS	They have all their meals in the cabin . '
tr	NN	""" Anyway , I ordered the prime rib because she would have liked you ."
tr	NNS	We both have issues from our past we needed to get over .
tr	NNS	"He questioned your credentials on fiscal conservatism . """
tr	NN	""" Get the powder . """
tr	NNS	He felt the spasms in his chest , the riot of pleasurable feeling in his scalp .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to laugh out loud .
tr	NNS	I still hate new Sunday School classes but this one doesn 't feel new anymore .
tr	NN	The door and a large window faced the stern .
tr	NN	In all our years , Salvation hasn 't seen such misfortune since the pride plagues .
tr	NN	He twisted the knob , and the hissing Cale had noted earlier started again .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was pumping so hard I could barely feel the throbbing in my unsteady legs .
tr	NNS	I find my sweats and tank and put them on quickly .
tr	NN	They packed a picnic basket with food and drinks and grabbing the fur blanket Odin had sent them , they headed out for another day of eavesdropping .
tr	NNS	Why can 't they just light the fires ?
tr	NN	""" Actually , I 've eliminated almost nobody ."
tr	NN	The young mage shook his head fervently .
tr	NN	I could feel my cheeks heating and I was glad we were in the dark .
tr	NN	But in any event he cannot access his pension for another year , by which time he will not need it .
tr	NN	She could hear the caution in his voice , the effort he was making not to expect too much .
tr	NNS	Case told Scores about Tom Coleman .
tr	NN	He did appreciate the quality of the TV set here ; it was almost like being there .
tr	NN	"We 've got a Chinese buffet to terrorize . """
tr	NNS	""" Twenty million dollars ? """
tr	NN	Together we 'll fulfill the destiny we were born into .
tr	NN	Gray 's mouth took possession of hers , demanding that she hold nothing back .
tr	NNS	' Right we will , ' he said encouragingly .
tr	NNS	He always smoothed out the snarls she got into .
tr	NNS	"He must have heard the shots . """
tr	NNS	"I have photographs of it . """
tr	NN	She 'd already felt his arousal more than once , but she hadn 't actually seen him .
tr	NN	From the front doors of the house , she saw a familiar red Camaro parked behind Marnie 's Corvette .
tr	NN	Jackie set the paper wad on the desk and leaned back again .
tr	NN	In the air he loosened Angel 's gag .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't hold down more than a few bites at a time , but I could knit .
tr	NN	He offered a timid smirk , to which I replied with a pout .
tr	NN	"And I 'll just sip a martini and pretend that the USDA isn 't coming in less than five hours . """
tr	NNS	Paul and Brian sipped their coffees in silence .
tr	NNS	You can 't cover all your tracks , Hannon .
tr	NNS	He rubbed his palms together hard enough to chafe them despite his leather driving gloves .
tr	NN	A slight chill ran down Terrance 's spine as he considered the potential ramifications of this unexpected information .
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the news reports of Tatiana Harris 's neighbor claiming to have seen your father 's truck leaving Tatiana 's house .
tr	NN	Out of the corner of her eye , she saw Brim climb over the rocks .
tr	NNS	Joseph actually loves his sons , something you don 't often see in wealthy families .
tr	NN	Every other volunteer would drop a chunk of stale bread into the soup .
tr	NN	He found an injured kitten , so I showed him where the vet was .
tr	NN	He stopped painting and turned his gray eyes on me .
tr	NNS	I walked the halls .
tr	NN	"we did some gardening this morning and we got all muddy so ... I took her upstairs and gave her a bath . """
tr	NN	He pulled out a soda with two tiny bottles of liquor .
tr	NN	He touched a branch .
tr	NN	""" I promised you a massage ."
tr	NN	I punctuate my command with my tongue at her entrance , sliding into her , tasting her , filling her .
tr	NN	Watching the breeze playing with her hair I felt a sudden urge to kiss her but it didn 't seem like the right time or place .
tr	NNS	And by now he knows us all , knows our weak points .
tr	NN	I don 't want her throne or her power .
tr	NN	Now , shall we prepare your bath , miss ?
tr	NN	She 'd had a nice condo on the club 's property , completely paid for , but after Jace 's death , she moved out .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the windows of that apartment had the blinds drawn .
tr	NN	Ethan offered a small backpack to Pilcher .
tr	NNS	Women chasing runaway geese , men pulling donkeys laden with spring seed , and children leading sheep on their way to pasture .
tr	NNS	* * * Iain kept careful tabs on Jackie , opening himself to let her chaotic emotions trickle into him .
tr	NN	His painstakingly built reputation as a serious financier with hardly a remarkable social life was threatening to collapse .
tr	NN	He found the fury inside him that strained against him for release retreating to ease itself .
tr	NN	The one among them not armed , a capped and robed bureaucrat with a seahorse 's face , consults his scroll .
tr	NNS	But she and Peter did have conflicting desires .
tr	NN	I pick up the receiver and dial Mrs. Bowen 's number .
tr	NN	He caught a glimpse of a metallic flash underneath the Cardinal 's robe .
tr	NN	Somehow I got more purchase on the clay .
tr	NN	"Jasmine only pulled out my hair ribbon . """
tr	NNS	""" I can feel the knives in my back ."
tr	NN	Love had taken backseat to the only emotion powerful enough to rival it , anger .
tr	NN	The gate guards took his rifle and eyed him suspiciously , but they let him pass .
tr	NN	I don 't want any fussing . '
tr	NNS	Brick had watched too many magicians on telly .
tr	NN	She spotted the staircase and slid down the railing .
tr	NN	There was nothing there except the steady , beaming swirl of the Tillamook Lighthouse doing her duty off shore .
tr	NN	I want complete privacy .
tr	NN	""" The end of the bow -- the part that 's probably in Ms. LaGuardia 's stomach -- is called the frog ."
tr	NNS	""" I don 't like weddings . """
tr	NN	Estrada swallowed his grief and directed his energies in to his work , and in making sure that his daughter would fulfil his ambitions for her .
tr	NN	"I 'm investigating the disappearance of James Edwards . """
tr	NN	Wind hammered the Clarity and threw us into a tilt .
tr	NN	"Thanks to his efforts , we have a more honest police department and the Ross crime syndicate is out of commission . """
tr	NNS	' Three hundred dollars ! '
tr	NN	she said , her fury blooming ahead of all the other emotions in an effort to save herself .
tr	NNS	He 's been shitting proverbial gold bricks for as long as I can remember .
tr	NNS	We pass another few houses , buried in the dense tangle of weeds by the road .
tr	NN	She let the frequency flow , of instincts and calculation .
tr	NNS	Bradley scrutinized a few more coins and concluded that they were indeed real but of some other country .
tr	NN	The dragon rarely left the healing bath these days , and even so he looked terrible .
tr	NN	She lowered the rifle to her side .
tr	NN	She picked up a small tooth , it was the first tooth , her eldest son had lost as a child .
tr	NN	I didn 't miss her meaning ; in fact , her words hit the bull 's - eye in my stomach .
tr	NN	She could understand his outburst , but his way of thinking .
tr	NNS	The layout showed twelve floors of basement , quite an elaborate engineering feat , yet the drawings barely outlined any detail of the building 's superstructure .
tr	NN	He tore open the wrapping on the big blueberry muffin and began eating .
tr	NN	""" The Son of God would not lack faith . """
tr	NNS	The mere fact that you have been able to channel it into something useful speaks volumes about your talent .
tr	NNS	Invisible threads linked their hearts and in that moment , she knew she was going to love this child more than life itself .
tr	NN	"He even embraced his Ancestral status in order to gain enough power to accomplish his goal . """
tr	NNS	"He has made allies of - ? """
tr	NN	She lifts the umbrella at the first step and discovers that the wind is persisting and that in the wind it has become a kind of sail .
tr	NNS	They always had drivers to take them wherever they needed to go in a car that will always be a BMW , her mother 's favorite brand .
tr	NNS	They gave me one very strong yank , and I came out of the shaft as if I 'd been lathered in butter .
tr	NN	Like he said eventually the majors chase the bands . '
tr	NN	""" Make a sketch for us ."
tr	NN	""" I recommend padding as well , "" she suggested , puffing out her chest slightly , "" and a hair fal . """
tr	NN	Someone made a garbled announcement over a megaphone , and a second wave peaked .
tr	NN	The last three speakers each gave a prayer .
tr	NNS	"And I 'll need a thousand dollars up front . """
tr	NN	She carefully folded the wing and started checking his right shoulder .
tr	NN	""" I have a sweet tooth . """
tr	NN	Asked the magistrate in surprise .
tr	NN	The money had escaped his hunger for the moment .
tr	NNS	Russ reads directions off a piece of paper and his grandfather makes the necessary turns .
tr	NNS	Even if she wasn 't a married woman , she couldn 't afford distractions , not now .
tr	NN	She had a reputation at work for thinking fast on her feet and being good in a crisis .
tr	NN	Lydia got a wet rag and wiped up the sticky excess .
tr	NN	Her mouth formed a surprised O .
tr	NN	With the blessing of her parents , he could court his precious Lynette .
tr	NN	she asked the owner , who was usually in the back or walking through , talking to customers .
tr	NNS	She had big round breasts and flabby arms where the triceps would be .
tr	NN	""" You are making this sound sordid ."
tr	NN	With fall 's approach , the air had cooled , a tepid breeze winding itself through the trees .
tr	NN	""" Feels like cheating . """
tr	NNS	Suddenly I found my face inches from a large , hairy black spider dangling from the ceiling on a thick strand of web .
tr	NNS	I had butterflies in the pit of my stomach .
tr	NN	She rubbed the extra pillow like she were comforting it .
tr	NN	Each short , staccato beat of my knuckles rapping creates a sharp , blunt echo over the gentle hum of the fluorescent lights in the hallway .
tr	NN	"You got a warrant for my arrest ? """
tr	NNS	Rather than dying off , they could multiply their numbers and keep humanity on its final stand .
tr	NNS	He could hear Marge rattling pots and pans in the kitchen .
tr	NNS	I toss the cushions back in place hurriedly .
tr	NN	""" How far did he explore the file ? """
tr	NN	I 'll give him credit for that , but everyone was staring .
tr	NNS	""" Excuse me , folks . """
tr	NNS	He handed the cups over to the cook and bid Henry good-night .
tr	NNS	I studied the rich red colored roses .
tr	NN	I don 't need protection and certainly not from Saber .
tr	NN	You now complete a chromatic scale .
tr	NNS	Boys were riding bicycles , trying to keep up , and threading their way between the people who lined the banks .
tr	NNS	His humbleness won the hearts and respect of many people .
tr	NNS	The wood shaft was broken just a few inches below the metal part .
tr	NNS	This time she would dictate the terms .
tr	NN	The clock was striking seven forty-five by the time we finished our meal .
tr	NN	""" What harm can it do , Stephen ?"
tr	NN	""" Shut the fuck up . """
tr	NNS	Belinda took short and shallow breaths .
tr	NNS	Ava bats her little eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	He 's even enacted many new policies towards progressive politics .
tr	NN	' Yeah I got a bloody pension , and I suppose you think I could live off of such pittance , ay ?
tr	NN	He could feel her tremble in answer .
tr	NN	We can 't leave the baby bird with her when we leave .
tr	NNS	Waiting several yards ahead of him was young Alex Frost with her back against a tree , its bark wide enough to cover her shape .
tr	NN	""" If you 're exposed to the mystery gas , pop the cap and jab yourself in the thigh . """
tr	NN	Grant held a second crown as Craig escorted Ruth to the small stage .
tr	NNS	""" To feed the ducks . """
tr	NNS	When I was little -- fifth and sixth grade -- I picked strawberries and raspberries at the Magruder farm .
tr	NNS	If we deny our emotions , it can block our powers .
tr	NN	They 've caused so much harm throughout history !
tr	NNS	Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash .
tr	NN	What foul omen was this ?
tr	NNS	I turn and walk the few paces to the water fountain and drink .
tr	NN	Grabbing a chunk of her hair Zeke inhaled her fragrance .
tr	NN	I could feel the blood drain from my face as I remembered .
tr	NNS	While she added other herbs and ingredients , several other women lit aromatic candles .
tr	NNS	""" No unauthorized persons can do spells . """
tr	NN	Curling her fingers into her palms , she fought his effect on her .
tr	NN	I slipped a rope over her ankle , then drew it taut .
tr	NNS	"The depth of the ocean floor on this side of the island would allow even the large cruise ships to dock . """
tr	NNS	White Witches have special powers of healing .
tr	NNS	He was standing only inches from my face .
tr	NN	All previously available space in the car found a wing taking it up .
tr	NN	Later today , she will climb the broken hill and talk to the Sculptor about her morning composition .
tr	NN	A voice came over the speaker again , blasting with urgency .
tr	NN	Break her code and write a second review ?
tr	NNS	The man -- if it made sense to refer to him as such -- clasped his palms together and leaned forwards .
tr	NN	He made an over dramatic pout and got up .
tr	NN	She had an irrational urge to cut the statue down , to comfort that figure .
tr	NN	Emily felt the color drain from her face .
tr	NNS	""" I 'm not getting gauges , Hazel ."
tr	NN	You give your patients a safe haven within their own consciousness .
tr	NN	""" You 're trying my patience , boy ! """
tr	NNS	He made some key strokes and waited .
tr	NNS	"Within the next day or so she 'll inherit all his lands and wealth and be the richest woman in England . """
tr	NNS	She 's sporting a few more gray hairs as a result of all she 's been through , but she 's still smiling .
tr	NNS	How he hated her setting off on those cursed missions and not contacting him for days or weeks .
tr	NNS	After another minute of inebriated laughter , they got their wits about them and stood back up , Terry leaning on the streetlight .
tr	NNS	"So I kind of hate large crowds or auditoriums and baby grand pianos . """
tr	NN	He suddenly stopped his pacing and stood looking at Gizmo and Marco seated in front of him .
tr	NN	Corrado tuned his lawyer out as he glanced around the courtroom , still banking on juror number six to come through for him .
tr	NN	His direction cut off , he gave a low huff .
tr	NN	I 'll make an adjustment .
tr	NN	Not wishing to endure the excruciating pain again , Gretel nodded her comprehension of the woman 's warning .
tr	NN	But more than that came a frightening realization .
tr	NN	She took an instant liking to this woman and found herself wanting everything to go smoothly from here on out for this family so accustomed to trouble .
tr	NNS	He pushed the cups of my bra up , exposing my flesh to his eyes , his mouth , his hands .
tr	NNS	""" Families want sons to carry on the family name ."
tr	NNS	Everyone grabbed plates and began dishing out the hot food .
tr	NNS	Mascara made my eyelashes luscious , longer , and blacker .
tr	NN	Equal crime , her mother always said , equal punishment .
tr	NN	"I passed my geography exam at school . """
tr	NNS	""" Starting price one thousand dollars ."
tr	NNS	Instead , he 'd listed areas not known for that particular form of entertainment .
tr	NNS	"See , you worried for nothing , our lives didn 't affect your chances . """
tr	NN	And now , you who read , give judgement .
tr	NNS	She saw scores of giant birds circling the landscape far below .
tr	NNS	Scott took two photographs of the diamonds , and pressed the display button to check that the resulting images were satisfactory .
tr	NNS	Finnick balls up his rope in his hand .
tr	NN	Douglas grabbed his briefcase and walked to the door .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't do cabs ."
tr	NN	Panic slithered up my spine .
tr	NNS	Someone had hung huge tapestries on all the walls here , trying and failing to hide the bones of the fortress .
tr	NNS	He studied the tall steep slate roofs of the house .
tr	NNS	""" I have been monitoring the external sensors as ordered and I believe that I have detected another ship . """
tr	NN	"I don 't need your protection . """
tr	NNS	And some of them , poor dears , had their babies even though they weren 't married .
tr	NNS	""" We had a few business meals here , but that 's all ."
tr	NNS	By the way , contrary to popular opinion pyramids don 't sharpen razor blades .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs at me , and then screamed as my blade found his balls .
tr	NNS	From the reports in the newspaper , the allies had suffered devastating losses at a place called Ulm .
tr	NN	I hear the crackle of seams splitting , but I don 't care .
tr	NNS	She frantically searched the schematics of the warehouse .
tr	NN	"I accepted my fate and let it consume me . """
tr	NN	Now , some industrious journalist had gone digging into her past instead of that of her husband .
tr	NNS	She could spit out excuses until sunrise , jam layer after layer of bricks between them , and it wouldn 't change his course .
tr	NNS	""" Nice folks ? """
tr	NN	Pausing at the crossroads , he glanced left and right again , freezing when he spotted a bit of brilliant white in the distance .
tr	NNS	""" Do you hear yourselves ?"
tr	NN	He drew a thin dagger from his belt .
tr	NN	Then he dropped the towel suddenly and removed his gun from its holster .
tr	NNS	I could sense the babies in a faraway way , but it wasn 't the same as hearing from someone they were okay .
tr	NNS	When she 'd twisted them in my grasp , she 'd turned her palms up to me .
tr	NN	I get the urge to reach out and squeeze his hand .
tr	NN	When he turned to her he tossed a package of sanitary pads in her lap .
tr	NN	"Would you like a soda or perhaps coffee while you wait ? """
tr	NN	The smell of bacon made Amber 's stomach growl .
tr	NNS	She felt dizzy , and there was more to it than simply the pitching and swaying of the ship .
tr	NNS	Demonic magic , of course , has its own runes that could be theoretically inscribed on a person 's flesh .
tr	NN	I feel the gun digging into my back , disguised by my baggy shirt .
tr	NNS	She had big pots for cooking stews and boiling food .
tr	NNS	Emma detected a few small movements , from the other bundled up bumps on the floor .
tr	NNS	In the beam of light I could see layers of dust on the tables and motes floating in the air - a room that was rarely used .
tr	NNS	""" Horses don 't wear breeches on Martinique ! """
tr	NNS	He 'd spent the winters at various relatives ' houses , too , ever since his mother had died , when he was eight .
tr	NN	""" What do you call the volcano ?"
tr	NNS	He preferred tricks with a blind landing .
tr	NNS	He needed all his working senses .
tr	NN	His sudden appearance on the sidewalk challenged Gretchen 's resolve to remain calm and focused .
tr	NN	""" Even the young can face misery , tragedy , and twist sadness into hatred . """
tr	NN	Joe knew the drill .
tr	NNS	A few wore ties .
tr	NNS	I count the bricks , then press the fifth one up and one over .
tr	NNS	They have sensors that detect synchronized Vito concentration in their prey .
tr	NNS	She refused the repeated offers of various drugs and only spoke when spoken to .
tr	NN	When he finished the checkout , the man gave him a thumbs-up and limped clear .
tr	NN	""" I thought it was her ... , "" he says absently , still not looking at me ."
tr	NNS	""" We should reach the islands soon after dark ."
tr	NNS	I preferred Chase Neal 's puppy dog boxers .
tr	NNS	Everyone held their breaths as a horde of men charged into the room .
tr	NNS	Then , studying his reflection , he scrapes the hairs off his cheeks and chin .
tr	NNS	Sandra jumped several inches out of her chair .
tr	NNS	Most of the people I lived with had big mouths .
tr	NN	Both dogs gave blind chase , barking uncontrollably .
tr	NN	You couldn 't slay a dragon if you had not yet learned to slay a bear .
tr	NNS	He 's making arrangements to search for him now .
tr	NNS	"I 've never known these pairs to join together like this . """
tr	NNS	With that , she dumped the ingredients on the steel counter and gently nudged Darcy through the door .
tr	NNS	He had allies and he would get more as soon as the news about the fake war broke .
tr	NNS	Just remember , we have scientists here who designed hybrid rockets decades ago .
tr	NNS	The rush of the knowledge tipped the emotional scales to my wolf and a slow smile crept over my face before I could stop it .
tr	NN	Any attempt to struggle made his clumsy body swing back and forth , cracking his shell a little at a time , prying it open .
tr	NN	Within moments the first passenger quickly moved up the ramp , followed by the others , beginning as just a trickle and then becoming a steady flow .
tr	NNS	""" I have lodged prior complaints , but nothing has changed . """
tr	NN	NO NO NO NO NO NO NO .
tr	NN	Diabetes affected every aspect of his life , and Emma 's , too , because of the constant care .
tr	NN	""" But it took only the proof of looking into your eyes for me to know I was wrong ."
tr	NN	Bugs stroked his beard for a moment .
tr	NNS	Lizzy pushed back the covers on the bed and placed several pillows to support her sisters back .
tr	NN	I had this whole speech about how much I love you , about how you make me a better person .
tr	NN	Usually they want revenge or salvation or sometimes they 're just plain obsessed .
tr	NN	Liz hid her smirk when the maid turned red at Tara 's words .
tr	NN	I ignore his denial .
tr	NN	""" I have a confession to make . """
tr	NNS	""" I love pepperoni ! """
tr	NNS	One shake confirms my fears .
tr	NN	They were taunting each other playfully and flipping the disc like a red flying saucer .
tr	NNS	She touched the items inside as if they were rare treasures .
tr	NN	Jordan had finally booted up his detector and swept it from side to side .
tr	NNS	Nick put down his wineglass with grave deliberation .
tr	NN	"I didn 't expect a welcoming committee . """
tr	NN	Damian felt the hope spill out of him until his mind was running on despair .
tr	NN	Emily carefully dropped her backpack to the wood floor .
tr	NN	Park opened the package .
tr	NNS	""" Why can 't he have apples ? """
tr	NN	"Would that ease the transition ? """
tr	NNS	They blew their whistles as they passed each other .
tr	NNS	""" I called your offices twice and talked to Horst , asking him to bring these issues to your attention . """
tr	NNS	""" You guys sisters ?"
tr	NN	The kiss had given me a glimpse into Cole 's memories , as well as an intense power surge .
tr	NNS	When I arrived at the bookstore , Dara was dusting the shelves , and I found Tom working on spreadsheets at the front counter .
tr	NN	Reacher felt the transmission slam into Park and he heard the click of the hazard lights start up .
tr	NNS	"My father has always had Christian students around him -- . """
tr	NNS	He had no reserves to draw on .
tr	NNS	You 've taken emergency powers .
tr	NN	Anna passed the old oak , snow hanging heavy on the bare branches .
tr	NN	He scuffed the toe of his white tennis shoe in the process .
tr	NN	Michael felt an itch growing in his nose and was unable to hold it back .
tr	NNS	There , he flattened his palms , and her muscles quivered .
tr	NNS	The untimely warning may have already obliterated our meager chances .
tr	NN	""" Don 't burn that painting ."
tr	NN	But she gave me one star that isn 't in the vase .
tr	NNS	""" Why are you ringing the numbers on father 's phone ? """
tr	NN	But his hostess had clearly planted discomfort in the two officers ' minds .
tr	NNS	In the garage , I grab the packs out of the back seat of the Galaxie and have Carson pop the trunk .
tr	NNS	The dimness was playing tricks on his vision , his imagination .
tr	NNS	He took down our phone numbers and addresses , then told us we could leave .
tr	NN	At the helm , he switched off the autopilot .
tr	NN	All it ended up doing was awakening my fertility .
tr	NN	We can take the patch off now .
tr	NN	""" Tom 's making hot cocoa . """
tr	NN	I shook my head viciously , as if I could shake the unwanted thoughts out of my brain .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine .
tr	NN	All of a sudden , a massive , earth-shaking gust blasted the chaotic encampment , sending everybody flying -- including Lucent .
tr	NN	She got the impression he halfway wanted her to do just that .
tr	NN	Oliver pulled a wad of cash from his pocket .
tr	NN	He put down the menu and she got the sinking feeling she was going about this all wrong .
tr	NN	He opened the drawer in his hat and took out his pipe .
tr	NN	Lydia saw Margie 's back stiffen and immediately wished she hadn 't said that .
tr	NN	When will I see u ?
tr	NNS	"We 've had three surveillance teams on that place for months , and no one has been able to crack it . """
tr	NN	The captain took off her helm .
tr	NN	said a passing flight attendant .
tr	NNS	I saw drops of red running down his arm .
tr	NNS	""" Maybe you should ask her yourselves . """
tr	NN	I gingerly grabbed the knocker and banged it against the entrance .
tr	NN	At that moment , Amelia and Allegra cantered over the hill and streaked past them .
tr	NNS	"If the vaccinations are to blame for our abilities , then why do you have multiple abilities ? """
tr	NNS	Together , we 'll breed sons and daughters who will make us proud and carry on our blood line .
tr	NNS	Cory gave a quick thumbs up , then shuffled between the posts .
tr	NN	Then , hearing her father in her ear about how sloppy she could be , she checked the code again .
tr	NN	It had featured a male nurse who 'd murdered his mouthy , blonde wife .
tr	NN	The camera didn 't miss one single element of what made up a total transformation .
tr	NNS	I could hear my breaths .
tr	NN	Swallowing the stew in his mouth , trying to ignore his rising guilt over breaking his Protector oaths .
tr	NNS	We have two completely conflicting models of the same person .
tr	NNS	I heard the doctors telling her that they think it 's some sort of street drug I 've found .
tr	NN	But did they really mean any great harm with all their fussy little intrigues ?
tr	NNS	Each summer , Clay had inflated old tire tubes and they 'd floated down to the pond .
tr	NN	Grace closed the trunk to her car .
tr	NNS	She could already feel the benefits .
tr	NNS	She dug her thumbs into his pressure points to keep his hands from her as she scrambled off of him and went for the gun .
tr	NN	She twisted the damp towel around her hands .
tr	NN	We reached the shed ; Nic inspected the place with typical FBI precision .
tr	NN	He probably had his own sex sofa where he brought the girls he 'd strung along for years .
tr	NNS	She expands her senses , automatically sending out the echolocation signals .
tr	NN	""" I found a disturbing CD , too . """
tr	NN	The creatures covered the valley as a plague .
tr	NNS	""" A long time ago , a male would give his woman a dozen roses for love , before they marred ."
tr	NN	That more than anything placed a gulf between us .
tr	NN	Matters such as this required the utmost discretion .
tr	NN	""" You 'll solve this puzzle ."
tr	NNS	I have taken measures to ensure they know that I know .
tr	NN	""" But she faked her pregnancy !"
tr	NN	She pulled out a small towel and soaked it .
tr	NNS	In some ways she was merely applying the methods she used for programming a computer or writing a poem .
tr	NNS	I kicked the covers away and planted my bare feet on the cold floor .
tr	NN	She felt the hilt of the knife digging into her palm and she took a better grip until she felt him giving himself to her .
tr	NN	They won 't plan a funeral .
tr	NN	The spare magazines in his pocket were bruising his hip .
tr	NN	Sam dropped his fork and pushed his plate away .
tr	NN	She felt his muscles tense at the coldness of her hands but he said nothing .
tr	NN	When Lina reached within about fifty paces of Sil , he made the leap .
tr	NNS	Sliding his hands up , he hooks his thumbs under the band in my panties .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't you have a compass ? """
tr	NN	Instead , she shifted her rifle ever so slightly , from a kill shot to something that would maim and hurt .
tr	NN	Let the macho , muscle bound guy do the heavy lifting .
tr	NNS	Why would a woman with an advanced degree in business , not to mention a massive IQ , waste her talents working as a social secretary ?
tr	NNS	The others filled their plates and for a few minutes the only noise from scraping of plates and chewing .
tr	NN	You don 't get to choose what reflects , you don 't set the agenda .
tr	NNS	She was wearing a low cut sundress that showed off just how fit she had stayed through the years .
tr	NNS	Areas around southern and eastern Manhattan had fires that were several miles wide and were only stopped when they reached a body of water .
tr	NN	Ryan pulls one steak off and hands it to me , taking the other for himself .
tr	NN	She heard his sharp intake of breath but was unaware of the reason as her fingers explored the dark , lightly hair roughened skin of his chest .
tr	NNS	They opened gaps and then folded in upon them again in order to weave a continuous web around their attackers .
tr	NNS	Quickly I dismantled the anchors holding me to the mountain and started my way across the rock and snowy cliff .
tr	NNS	You have killed your own citizens , your own children , and your own civilization .
tr	NN	The name had her pausing .
tr	NNS	Colton heard huge chunks of rock crashing down on equipment in the garage , crunching metal and grinding against the smooth walls .
tr	NN	She spots a waver as the back corners of my mind answer differently .
tr	NN	From within the bag he produced a small jar containing a powdery substance .
tr	NNS	""" It sounds more like directions from your GPS ."
tr	NN	He once described his first encounter with them as ' a slap of joy , ' a line I quite liked .
tr	NN	"He has the lab he always begged for . """
tr	NN	She donned a black evening gown with green undertones shimmering through .
tr	NN	Yes , with each sandstorm comes the inevitable Cleaning of the Solar Cells .
tr	NN	So I took the marker and wrote : To my fan , Marsha .
tr	NN	He felt the light rasp of her tongue on his skin .
tr	NN	But I have their respect .
tr	NNS	I 'd gotten tentative texts from my friends but no one wanted to bring the subject up .
tr	NN	Bates drew his pistol .
tr	NNS	The Captain recounted myriad tales about his travels , and told her all about his visit to Earth .
tr	NNS	He had not yet made men members of His body : since then He had , and through them henceforward He would save and suffer .
tr	NN	His workers wrestled the basin onto the fountain 's rim .
tr	NNS	I can shut down the cameras and recorders .
tr	NNS	""" Before we came to you we consulted the pools again ."
tr	NN	These modern humans amused the shapeshifter .
tr	NN	No words can do justice to such a noble and brave man .
tr	NN	We don 't love anybody yet .
tr	NNS	"I started Barbara 's Bugs in Concord , in Devlin 's basement . """
tr	NN	"So instead , you perfect a method of preserving their essence , what makes them who they really are . """
tr	NNS	She 's searching my motives , trying to decide if I 'm good enough for her friend .
tr	NN	"And he pushed that last vote hard because he wanted to protect you from Mickey . """
tr	NN	The visibly angered man halted his advance when she leveled her aim at him .
tr	NN	Freaking hell , couldn 't he just cool the fuck down ?
tr	NNS	They moved the mushrooms .
tr	NNS	""" You know , Garrett , when your mom died , I made excuses , too ."
tr	NN	With no small effort , she shook the sensation off .
tr	NNS	We 're getting our butts kicked .
tr	NNS	Hell , for all I know , you had somebody switch envelopes on me just now at the police station .
tr	NNS	""" We could use a few repair crews as well ."
tr	NN	She twitched her pinky and envisioned a big net falling from the sky , snaring the two of them together , and preventing them from following her .
tr	NN	Katie gave me a rubber bat , and I threaded the fishing line and suspended it from the ceiling .
tr	NNS	""" You would prefer wolves to sheep ? """
tr	NN	"Talon laid a cool cloth against Jason 's cheeks and said , "" If you are able , I 've some questions to ask you . """
tr	NN	""" To your health , gentle folk . """
tr	NNS	As she jumped the stream , I fell backwards , and as I fell , my ankle twisted underneath me .
tr	NNS	I saw two figures approaching the pavilion and I hid quickly behind some bushes .
tr	NNS	Courtney hid her fears from her grandmother as much as she could .
tr	NNS	We had our issues , but being pushed around on our own soil was not one of them .
tr	NN	She handed Kay a platter of bacon .
tr	NNS	I paid a few coins to get my website URL attached to the list .
tr	NNS	When he finished with the sword , he drew his two long daggers and went through the forms again .
tr	NN	Within seconds , Laurie had the Rubens painting off the wall and replaced it with the bare frame he 'd brought with him .
tr	NNS	"As for who -- I 've got my suspicions , but I need you to confirm them . """
tr	NN	The sergeant drew his dagger and slit the woman 's throat .
tr	NNS	""" I knew you wouldn 't , "" she said fervently ."
tr	NN	I nod stiffly and move to sit down on the left-hand bed , shivering slightly .
tr	NNS	My investors and I are already constructing luxury hotels on two of the three islands .
tr	NNS	""" Of course that opens up all sorts of new possibilities ."
tr	NNS	All she caught were tangled fragments of meaning that together made no sense . .
tr	NNS	""" Why not destroy all the mirrors ? """
tr	NNS	Then she had walked the four blocks to the inn , where she rented a room .
tr	NNS	Should the humans discover what we were , we would protect our sisters at all costs .
tr	NN	Quickly focusing the swirling darkness into a concentrated beam , he fires a colossal blast of energy , tearing open the dimensional doorway to the Sacred Realm .
tr	NN	We could hear the cougar growl all through the night .
tr	NN	He used the door frame to straighten because his knees struggled beneath his weight .
tr	NNS	He wore layers of silken kimono in autumn colors and patterns , very full white trousers , and a pair of curved swords .
tr	NN	Some other lost witch .
tr	NN	She swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	However , it docked the Empire 's naval ships today .
tr	NNS	"I have more chances of explaining to galactic chickens the cycle of stars then to make you understand the subtleties of time travel "" "" Oooh !"
tr	NN	I put my paperback facedown on the kitchen table to mark my place and got up to answer it .
tr	NNS	"I will tolerate no excuses . """
tr	NN	Sommer had his cap pulled over his eyes .
tr	NNS	He 'd liked snakes , so that part was actually kind of cool .
tr	NN	We 've been tracking your so-called giant bat for two days .
tr	NNS	I check the floors but there 's no sign of blood .
tr	NN	She might even have the artifact !
tr	NN	They had a receiver on their team who our corners couldn 't seem to cover and he was beating us on just about every play .
tr	NNS	"Frank will give me voting rights on his share . """
tr	NNS	Wow , now she was bestowing titles on herself .
tr	NN	He couldn 't see any gain in it for Hunter , the shares aside .
tr	NNS	I get out my supplies .
tr	NNS	Perry can see the plates all over its body .
tr	NN	""" I can manipulate electricity . """
tr	NN	She puts down the magazine and glances up at me .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't have seen the drops of blood on the sleeve from the doorway , but I certainly saw them when I picked up the shirt .
tr	NN	A chill comes down my spine .
tr	NNS	Atop the roof a dozen guards tossed spears at the grass behind her .
tr	NNS	To have come from Earth and two weeks later be ready to fire on an enemy I never knew existed still caused doubts in my mind .
tr	NN	In a near manic fit , he got a haircut , or whatever you call it when they charge fifty dollars .
tr	NNS	She made good points about cultural relativism , and I had to rethink what I 've heard about the Syndicate , based on her remarks .
tr	NNS	Like Ash , they wore long , thin blades at their hips , and carried themselves with the easy grace of royalty .
tr	NN	He barely stopped the frustrated groan from escaping his closing throat when her grip around him tightened as her unguarded sleeping body sought his .
tr	NN	The guards beat the angered addict to the floor , kicked him in the ribs and then carried him away in disgrace .
tr	NNS	And if you sit around dwelling on it you 'll need more than a few cups of coffee to keep yourself sane .
tr	NNS	Simon searched his pockets like someone who was fighting against their own clothes .
tr	NN	The wind got wilder and wilder .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	The rocker made tiny squeaking noises .
tr	NN	When Jace wasn 't around , I 'd watched her hungrily , like my last breath depended on it .
tr	NN	In his more generous moments , Sebastian almost understood Max 's intent , naive as it had been : to protect and save his family .
tr	NNS	Turning down the lamp , I whispered my prayers , asking God to help heal Frank .
tr	NN	The dress , of dark mauve , had a velvet bodice and a long satin skirt .
tr	NNS	And I 've seen a few dogs , cats , squirrels .
tr	NNS	Laura takes a few more practice swings .
tr	NN	When I felt him pressed against me , I couldn 't help the groan that escaped .
tr	NN	He pointed up the valley .
tr	NN	She raised Madame 's hem to her lips and kissed it .
tr	NNS	They did have good corn dogs there .
tr	NN	Then came the void of dark space that they called death .
tr	NN	Albert turned off the autopilot , awakened the Perkins Brothers , and furled the sails .
tr	NNS	Did they have any leads ?
tr	NN	Celestino found the truth unspeakable .
tr	NN	Helen was exacting her verbal retribution .
tr	NN	I checked his scroll before I came down .
tr	NNS	Why would this precise artwork , so to speak , fashioned after the fascinating harbor , also have claims to this Frenchman ?
tr	NN	When the program was announced , it had an effect on attorney morale all right , just not the intended one .
tr	NNS	Word of what had happened tonight could provoke some strong reactions , and she 'd always been a sucker when it came to the underdog .
tr	NN	He 'd anticipated a confrontation .
tr	NNS	My heart picked up a few paces and Lucan reached over to grasp my hand .
tr	NN	""" But how many bankruptcy attorneys do you know who 've witnessed a client shoot himself to death ? """
tr	NN	The mist dulled the glare of the streetlights .
tr	NNS	Angels don 't really understand human hearts , no .
tr	NN	I slam down the can opener , too hard , on the counter .
tr	NN	She vaguely remembered a tune that she 'd heard and she began to hum it .
tr	NN	Chapter 10 Amara suppressed an irrationally intense urge to have Cirrus choke off Senator Valerius 's supply of air .
tr	NN	That piece of information had the potential to be useful , but that wasn 't what caught my attention .
tr	NN	""" In fact , I 'm expecting another visitor momentarily ."
tr	NN	Sometimes , their terror or disappointment coming across the desert just after midnight .
tr	NN	James has a talent for making me forget the world around us , for making it all feel normal .
tr	NNS	How many near misses could a person survive ?
tr	NN	""" We got a scanner in the post ofﬁce even now , and soon they say it 's all we 're goin ' ta have . """
tr	NN	""" So you 've at least considered the possibility . """
tr	NNS	Two sailors gripped floor levers and pulled with their entire body .
tr	NN	I 'm just now finding my sanity .
tr	NNS	She worked the handlebars , keeping them stable .
tr	NNS	Julia 's emotions must have clouded his senses .
tr	NN	He 'd felt an immediate attraction , but it was more than that .
tr	NNS	The wizards had placed the crowns of gold and silver on each head .
tr	NNS	My people do study the powers of chaos as your church would call them , but that power , like any power , is not inherently evil .
tr	NNS	"They would have had doubts about the wisdom of going to Renaissance . """
tr	NN	Hiding something so powerful would send her packing , and I 'd lose the only part of my heart that was left .
tr	NN	A line extended down the block , around the corner , and out of sight .
tr	NNS	Where do you think such tales come from ?
tr	NNS	The volunteers had bagged all the cans and bottles , wrappers , cigarette butts and made castes of any tracks found .
tr	NN	The light touch immediately sent up a clamoring in her body that was alarming in its strength .
tr	NN	If we 're lucky we might catch a glimpse of the Gulf of California .
tr	NN	She said nothing when the fire leapt to life , certain Byron had misinterpreted her gesture , mistaking her for being cold .
tr	NN	Stick turns his ferocious glare from Frank to me as if he doesn 't believe that for a second .
tr	NNS	I 've taken classes in subjects I never thought I 'd be interested in and as far away from my major as you can imagine .
tr	NNS	He kicked the boxers aside , molding their bodies flush against each other .
tr	NNS	Miss Howe hated grey areas .
tr	NNS	He changed subjects , standing up straight in an effort to appear more masculine .
tr	NNS	Madison and Jack studied the limited monitors repeatedly .
tr	NNS	How it affected your social skills and your ability to relate to other people .
tr	NN	Lights from the deck and the cabin cast a soft shine on the water .
tr	NN	Cain didn 't want responsibility of any kind and he 'd been a nomad for too long .
tr	NN	She let out a long , sorrowful groan .
tr	NN	He watched the unconsciously feminine gesture as if he 'd never seen hundreds of other women do it .
tr	NNS	""" Where the Gifted populace can mingle , make connections ."
tr	NNS	The unions were replacing moderate leaders with hardliners as quickly as they could , to take on Margaret Thatcher .
tr	NNS	Smith pulled night-vision goggles from inside his windbreaker .
tr	NNS	""" We 're closing the slopes ."
tr	NN	He enjoyed the walks with Ruth , holding hands , except when someone was in sight .
tr	NN	""" I didn 't need saving . """
tr	NN	In retaliation I smashed a soft fluffy pillow over my face in an attempt to either drown out the noise or suffocate myself -- whichever came first .
tr	NNS	Still wearing ragged jeans and no shirt , he now stood only a few inches over six feet tall .
tr	NN	""" It 's not an actual horse , it represents a knight . """
tr	NNS	""" The rest of you will get your assignments at the morning meeting . """
tr	NN	""" Oh my goodness ! """
tr	NNS	She kept tabs on the two guards , confident their activity was not what was being reflected two screens down .
tr	NN	I popped open the top drawer , pulled out the flask , and gave the contents a warning sniff .
tr	NNS	A sweet soft scent , one that reminded him of lavender , invaded his senses .
tr	NN	I brushed my knuckles gently against Milo 's cheek .
tr	NN	""" Why can 't we be visiting a collection of ancient weaponry ?"
tr	NN	Tiffany heard the rattle of the spoon as , somewhere on the dark landing , the tray moved on .
tr	NNS	He has given five million dollars for her release .
tr	NNS	"You have some big balls . """
tr	NNS	Her body had no complications .
tr	NN	The parents saw no harm in the practice because it gave them the freedom to wander further out among the Orange trees to graze and gossip .
tr	NN	Only the royal family and the army had the privilege of traveling freely between the seven regions of the kingdom .
tr	NN	""" I have some trick candy you might enjoy . """
tr	NNS	They 'd try all sorts of stimulants .
tr	NNS	And already he regretted his actions this day .
tr	NN	Bo retrieved the revolver , stepped over to him and stamped down hard on his left leg .
tr	NNS	""" So , I take it the doctors confirm my suspicions that I 'm going to live ? """
tr	NN	""" Umm , I can 't take complete credit . """
tr	NNS	Star crossed lovers fleeing to a foreign land together .
tr	NNS	C 'n do my numbers , too .
tr	NN	"When Susan stood at his door and called for him to hurry , he replied , "" Have patience ."
tr	NNS	Pappy and my father had borrowed fourteen thousand dollars in March from the owner of the gin .
tr	NNS	I scanned the monitors until I found an angle that showed my friends .
tr	NNS	""" Holy crap , "" I shouted , startling Goldie , who was lying on the floor near my feet ."
tr	NNS	You send white roses for a funeral .
tr	NNS	Nix owns several corporations ; he 's a world renowned businessman .
tr	NN	But Diego was whipping up a batch of eggs , peppers , cheese , and broken fried corn tortillas he called chilaquiles .
tr	NN	But did his clan ?
tr	NN	It doesn 't even recognize hydrogen , but it knows how to yank oxygen out of the air .
tr	NNS	"Some people actually plan out processes and don 't always fly by the seat of their pants . """
tr	NNS	Anyway , Mrs. Perkins was wearing white slacks and a red blouse that highlighted her trim figure .
tr	NNS	That would probably ruin your credentials at the job .
tr	NNS	"Or , I 've got rocket pops . """
tr	NN	""" My other roommate had a nervous breakdown ."
tr	NN	He felt her quick intake of breath .
tr	NN	Alexia raised her parasol in one hand and the clerk 's letter opener in the other .
tr	NNS	They had elephant rides for zoo members and Aunt Syl was so excited to let me experience something so exotic .
tr	NN	""" I recognize this mating . """
tr	NNS	Taking up pursuit again , he could hear dogs suddenly barking excitedly .
tr	NNS	Open the stores of food kept at the castle and create a feast that the gods will approve of .
tr	NN	Dan threw another handful into the air , and another .
tr	NNS	The airspeed indicator on her simple control panel read fifty knots .
tr	NN	Wiping his brow with his palm , he smeared brown and yellow oil paint across his forehead .
tr	NNS	The two mouths had fangs almost a foot long ; the whiskers were immediate death , if touched .
tr	NN	He hides his smirk .
tr	NNS	""" Mrs. Bidwell , I appreciate your efforts here , but I don 't believe I 'm going to need this after all ."
tr	NN	( I take the next item out of the satchel .
tr	NN	When he looked up and noticed me standing there , I could see the content in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Helen wore a bright pink sundress with a pink bow in her fluffy , gray hair .
tr	NN	I have loved the theater fiercely and deeply for my entire life , both as a spectator and as an actress .
tr	NNS	""" Kelsey must have sent both texts . """
tr	NNS	The lingering fragrance of her perfume teased his nostrils , the scent of her blood aroused all his senses .
tr	NNS	They were looking at a scene from the diamond mines , the dark pits in the ground from which men emerged carrying baskets heaped with gems .
tr	NNS	Mateo patted the handlebars .
tr	NN	""" Such a dear servant this little bird of mine ; going before me to announce my anonymity ."
tr	NN	Michael got his extinguisher going just as mine emptied out .
tr	NN	"I may need that dental appointment after all . """
tr	NNS	His father would tell those tales just to scare him awake all night .
tr	NN	She rubbed her cl * t in a circular motion , stroking the taut , sensitive bud with one finger .
tr	NNS	Grieg enjoyed the after-hours meetings .
tr	NN	I suddenly have the urge to kiss him .
tr	NN	Human illnesses do not have any effect on us .
tr	NNS	She was frozen in place , her nerve endings going wild , her body flooding with warmth as his thumbs turned her nipples into hardened nubs .
tr	NNS	""" I can calm the currents temporarily , like I did the other night , at least enough so that you can get some sleep ."
tr	NNS	"That may have hastened their actions . """
tr	NNS	I concentrated the elements to go to my dad for a long time .
tr	NNS	But then , Charlie had contacts everywhere , and inside men all over the country .
tr	NNS	He 'd clicked off almost a dozen shots when another highway appeared , curving out from the Hive before stabilizing a few feet away from them .
tr	NN	I shifted my angry glare toward Trisha who was grinning at me like she knew a hilarious secret .
tr	NN	She patted a patch of fur .
tr	NN	Laughing self-consciously , I put my pen down and looked at him .
tr	NNS	Some see color forms and shapes .
tr	NN	Reyes paid the command no heed , nor did he acknowledge whoever had issued it .
tr	NN	She only wore a tight white camisole and a pair of panties .
tr	NNS	""" We made enough money off Kevin 's presence we could get the floors refurbished and walls done ."
tr	NN	""" Oh honey . """
tr	NNS	Did Pittsburgh have any Asian gangs ?
tr	NNS	She 'd seen the plates , the body on the altar .
tr	NN	I always use a condom anyway .
tr	NN	Before he could do more than wink at me , I skinned back down the tower and went to find Longshot .
tr	NN	Bob stopped the scanning and set the radio on channel eighteen .
tr	NN	Belle twisted a long blonde strand around her finger .
tr	NN	I held the viewer to my eyes , adjusting to the clarity , magnifying even the smallest clump of weeds with perfect vision .
tr	NNS	I eyed the strawberries , remembering we 'd left before I could even taste the wedding cake .
tr	NN	His heart must still be beating -- too faint for the hospitals equipment to see .
tr	NN	Leaning forward , her fingers skimmed his belly .
tr	NN	Find the ignition wire .
tr	NN	""" This looks wonderful , "" she said and picked up her fork ."
tr	NNS	Not quantum physics or theories of evolution or the paintings of Picasso or the process by which children were inoculated with germs to protect them from disease .
tr	NN	Simon twirled his towel into a rope and hit Neil on the seat of his trousers .
tr	NN	Covering her hand with his , he gave it a squeeze .
tr	NN	Natalie checked the saddle but didn 't see anything missing .
tr	NNS	On this day however , slight aggravation caused his iris to flood with deep storm clouds .
tr	NN	I hadn 't had a bath or a change of clothes and I didn 't have time to do anything about it now .
tr	NNS	Although his young Eileen promised the return to be temporary , Wayne wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NN	""" I wasn 't expecting special treatment ."
tr	NN	Hiro took an uneasy step backwards .
tr	NN	They don 't have a powerful patron like Queen Helen to champion them .
tr	NNS	Rian sounds clueless but I know he 's doing it on purpose .
tr	NNS	""" You owe me twenty-four hundred bucks ."
tr	NN	""" Maybe I don 't want to be who I was , "" I say , a familiar ache at my words ."
tr	NN	Sunlight touched her spill of yellow gold hair and the lashes that lay against her skin .
tr	NNS	Carter could now distinguish moving figures on the noisome wharves ahead , and the better she saw them the worse she began to fear and detest them .
tr	NN	Being under the soft glow of the rising moon , the movement had a soporific effect .
tr	NNS	On the other hand , he just made ten million dollars .
tr	NN	Whoever had ordered this had spent a fortune .
tr	NN	Cayman whipped the towel off his shoulder .
tr	NNS	""" So help me , if they 've harmed him , I 'll cut your balls off . """
tr	NN	"Could you take the appointment ? """
tr	NNS	Bubbles , and a billowing flowered blouse .
tr	NNS	Matthew is sitting with his nose three inches from his computer screen , his eyes narrow .
tr	NNS	"There probably are cloaked ships , but there 's no way to tell . """
tr	NNS	After all , my pursuers wore the telltale black uniforms of the secret police .
tr	NN	""" So after that I needed a whisky . """
tr	NNS	She not only looked older than just sixteen , she had tastes that belied her age as well .
tr	NN	They topped a treacherous ridge , probably impassable to humans , and Darling found himself looking down into a deep caldera .
tr	NN	So I unraveled the braid , combing it out with my fingers , until my hair fell in waves around my shoulders .
tr	NN	""" Why use a code ? """
tr	NN	Dax summarized the standard introduction to understanding AI .
tr	NN	""" I 'd still be moving furniture and boxes if he and Bobo hadn 't shown up ."
tr	NNS	I 'm not usually a painter , I prefer pencils .
tr	NNS	The bunks had very thin mattresses , and two blankets folded at the end of the beds .
tr	NN	She sent Michael a warning glare as he winced .
tr	NNS	"This requires Margarita beers . """
tr	NNS	They built the pyramids , a device that served many of the same purposes as the Scrolls .
tr	NNS	He cleaned up messes , left things looking pristine .
tr	NNS	Her rage had left her breathless .
tr	NN	""" You see the redness of the skin ?"
tr	NN	You should take that same leap with me , Sloane .
tr	NN	""" No , she would never eat anybody ."
tr	NNS	He guided his palms up from my waist to beneath my armpit , taking my tank top along with him .
tr	NN	"It has a bike rack on it . """
tr	NN	Celaena stifled a yawn .
tr	NN	At the end of the wing he found the shed , stacked with a huge amount of firewood .
tr	NN	as he rushed down the staircase .
tr	NNS	Women like Josie got happy endings .
tr	NNS	I am impressed Mr. Dunhill , you exceeded my expectations .
tr	NN	Cole briefly considered resistance .
tr	NNS	Leaning back , he made shushing noises and looked over at his wife .
tr	NN	""" Of course she had a style ."
tr	NNS	a smoky voice whispered just inches from his ear .
tr	NN	Unable to put it off any longer , he unfolded his lanky frame and reached for the letters he 'd tossed on the mantel .
tr	NN	She rubbed shampoo between her palms and began a slow , soothing massage of his scalp .
tr	NNS	""" Yes , I gave her the required drops ."
tr	NN	She affected a casual shrug .
tr	NN	""" Do not use Clave language on us , Shadowhunter ."
tr	NNS	""" Demons spotted northwest !"
tr	NN	I pointed the rifle at his knee and fired .
tr	NN	I handed him a napkin from the basket in front of me with a sigh .
tr	NN	He 'd been running the incident over and over in his mind and he still couldn 't make head or tail of it .
tr	NN	As I ran up to him I could see the hammering exhaustion of a heart ready to burst .
tr	NN	The powder had given her face a luminescent sheen , sparkling when the candlelight hit it just right .
tr	NNS	Thomas had felt nauseous the entire evening .
tr	NNS	I heard noises , the door was wide open , so I walked in .
tr	NNS	As soon as Amy entered , the smell of her infected blood calmed my cravings , but I knew it wasn 't enough .
tr	NN	Mark tried the knob .
tr	NNS	""" Right , good old store bought meals ."
tr	NNS	"We played "" Pretend "" a lot , even into middle school . """
tr	NNS	Looking up , she found the twins in the living room , along with their father .
tr	NNS	It hit her senses like a wall .
tr	NNS	I followed his gaze and noticed Jess flirting with Dave again .
tr	NNS	He 'd found some old overalls hanging in the barn .
tr	NNS	His lips whispered over her pulse , teeth nipping gently as his tongue stroked another caress .
tr	NNS	Spell out the terms -- her wages and responsibilities .
tr	NN	Some of the other men realized the fortune that lay around them and started for the women .
tr	NNS	But I did not know their customs .
tr	NNS	Ansel retreated several paces , boots crunching over the dry ground .
tr	NN	"Please pick up the receiver at the hall table when the phone rings over there . """
tr	NNS	But I don 't have any doubts now .
tr	NNS	The shovel took long slow bites of the soft earth and laid them aside .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't want nightmares ."
tr	NN	It takes a block before I breathe normally again .
tr	NN	As he stepped closer , he heard a quiet splattering under his shoes .
tr	NNS	They don 't use drugs , and Martin doesn 't even drink .
tr	NN	Now she had changed her tune and said it was a really good school .
tr	NNS	""" Probably throw those peanuts at you . """
tr	NNS	If I heard rumors about them , I slipped condoms through the vents in their lockers in the break room .
tr	NNS	He made deliveries in his own van .
tr	NN	Before Richard knew it , the general hopped off the bench and disappeared , leaving Richard alone with the geese .
tr	NN	Nicola 's perfume created a soft sweetness in the air , but that sweetness couldn 't cover the taint of sulfur .
tr	NN	With sex appeal in spades , with whom she shared an incredible attraction .
tr	NN	She had made all sail .
tr	NNS	I got some amazing sunrise shots looking to the east from the summit , easily the best from the whole trip .
tr	NN	In October , he sent out his collection of poems to a German publisher , and they were accepted .
tr	NNS	Carmelita would fix Greek and Spanish dishes like nobody else could .
tr	NNS	""" They lose their powers ? """
tr	NNS	You wouldn 't believe our discoveries . '
tr	NNS	Until then , I had some issues of my own to take care of , like telling my family about my decision .
tr	NNS	""" Well we do have clients from time to time request music ."
tr	NN	I take a slice of chicken and then scoop up some potatoes on my plate , deciding to eat and keep my strength up .
tr	NN	And then , goaded on - the goad invisible but real , not to be challenged - he resumed his climb .
tr	NNS	' We would be given targets , individuals to be arrested then discreetly disposed of .
tr	NNS	They positioned their chairs so they could easily see into the bedroom where Nik fought for his life .
tr	NNS	However , learning intermediate spells will be a nearly impossible endeavor until you 've mastered the beginner level .
tr	NNS	Garde asked my twins .
tr	NN	""" I beg your pardon ? """
tr	NN	He felt a prick of intense dislike for the man .
tr	NN	Or because helping would give him leverage ?
tr	NN	He saw Sean 's backpack and sleeping bag .
tr	NNS	Avoid the roads , kill the cadavers , scavenge and walk , walk , walk and walk some more .
tr	NNS	The bull swung its blades .
tr	NN	I got a fright when you were gone this morning .
tr	NN	"His hand gave me a squeeze and he repeated , "" He will not best me . """
tr	NNS	Challenges and Opportunities For all its challenges to traditional religious identity , modernity has at the same time created new spiritual opportunities .
tr	NN	The medics carried emergency equipment and a stretcher .
tr	NNS	Kelly adored Tess , but a fourteen-year-old hardly constituted adult company .
tr	NNS	We also offered the crews ... us .
tr	NN	Kham checked the probable location of the still flashing signal on his GPS and decided that it came from City Hall .
tr	NNS	"And just beyond it you can see the roofs of the Grand Bazaar . """
tr	NNS	Systematically , one after another , the directed energy weapons defeated the numerous missiles until there were no more .
tr	NN	Ray surrendered the package .
tr	NN	I heard the door slam , and then the van lurched forward .
tr	NNS	Matthew 's taking deep breaths , pain Noise and grief Noise dripping everywhere , and fury , too , at losing control so publicly .
tr	NN	I found no tool that looked adequate to cutting them .
tr	NNS	Since then everyone 's been taking their positions on their side of the line .
tr	NNS	Her head and stomach hurt so badly , just the thought of standing made her nauseous .
tr	NNS	His crooked smile melted her insides .
tr	NN	They ate in silence , her clean , soapy scent a live wire that connected them .
tr	NNS	He ground his pelvis into hers .
tr	NNS	Then there is shooting the targets while standing on the ground .
tr	NNS	""" Did you fill out your application forms in their entirety ? """
tr	NN	I gave him a light shove .
tr	NN	Alex stopped pacing and shook his head .
tr	NNS	Finally , with the last vestiges of day a memory they scrambled high atop a narrow ledge just a few yards across .
tr	NN	"The attic has no protection at all . """
tr	NNS	""" Maybe we don 't need the air mattress ."
tr	NN	The room has its own private balcony with a gas fireplace , both in the room and on the covered balcony .
tr	NN	She stopped pacing and stood still .
tr	NN	"You know the drill . """
tr	NNS	He patted his pockets .
tr	NN	""" You have a handful of darts ."
tr	NN	He shook the loose-fitting doorknob , then held it firmly as he slid an eight-inch plastic strip down the facing .
tr	NNS	Careful not to leave anything out of place , I only found fifty dollars .
tr	NNS	I 'd taken at least two hundred dollars from their money box , promising I 'd pay them back when I could .
tr	NN	""" The group with me has made their own blood oath to fight the evil Priest ."
tr	NNS	As a High Demon , no warlock or wizard could hurl spells that might harm him .
tr	NN	She massaged her aching temple , still battling the effects of her dreams . '
tr	NNS	He found one laced with citrus and held it up to her .
tr	NN	""" So know your fate : I will turn you back onto my lands without horse , bow , axe , or spear ."
tr	NNS	""" I had my doubts . """
tr	NNS	Barclay put down his untouched sandwiches .
tr	NN	I gave an involuntary shudder and turned the page .
tr	NN	He had made the error of getting his own hit out of the way first , which would always implicate whoever benefited from that death .
tr	NN	Don , t you see the perfection of it ?
tr	NNS	Beyond the window she glimpsed bits of a tilted world .
tr	NNS	"Maybe you do have ulterior motives . """
tr	NNS	""" Five more fat clouds and three thin ones . """
tr	NN	From the looks of things , Torin and Andris were having a heated argument .
tr	NN	"Give us a demonstration ! """
tr	NNS	To show off her crocheting skills to her mother and perhaps get Annie to use these same garments to break out of her own private prison .
tr	NN	"He deserves a blue ribbon for best lay , but he 's more than that . """
tr	NNS	Mr. Binns had been pulling tricks like that for years .
tr	NNS	In pure terror , she ran through the smoky tunnels , absently working circulation back into her wrists .
tr	NNS	She left her dirty dishes , though .
tr	NNS	""" Your father unfortunately read too much into your ... remarks ."
tr	NN	She could hear the sincerity in his voice .
tr	NNS	Books lined their new shelves in alphabetical order , and her computer 's tangled mop of cables had been subdued with rubber bands into a thick ponytail .
tr	NNS	He didn 't have the connections at his church that she had developed at hers .
tr	NNS	He wondered all sorts of things while he looked down at the keys .
tr	NN	Dana handed her passport to him , along with her press credentials .
tr	NN	Then she felt another prick , a sudden sharp pain that faded into nothingness .
tr	NN	"You 're wearing my veil ... "" Chloe said not a word but held out her hand as her mother reached over and held hers back ."
tr	NN	Chills spread down her spine .
tr	NNS	Then she would tell the doctors that who she was was not herself because she was really someone who died over three hundred years before .
tr	NN	The guards , thinking that they were summoned , sprang up the stair .
tr	NN	""" I 've got my mother 's funeral to plan . """
tr	NN	And of course you will all receive the rare dignified status of grade five heroes .
tr	NNS	Another blow glanced off his ribs .
tr	NNS	With the speed of a single breath , Maddox unsheathed his daggers and launched them .
tr	NN	She touched her belly and when she pulled her hand away , her fingertips came away coated in blood .
tr	NNS	Kenzie had already examined the throbbing red welts on my arm and back , which were extremely painful but not very deep .
tr	NNS	Washington City had doctors well capable of such a feat , assuming they made it there in time .
tr	NN	I rewound the tape and played back the call .
tr	NN	Jake gave one last heave and sent the unit flying over the edge .
tr	NNS	"We do have classes together . """
tr	NNS	""" If I hit anyone in the head , I get five points . """
tr	NN	We packed up the dozen film canisters and the single one-hour videotape into a sealed plastic bag and stuffed it into the middle of a daypack .
tr	NNS	He had important numbers on his calling list that were meant for his eyes only .
tr	NNS	She put the seeds of hope in the pocket of her sundress and took up her father 's glasses .
tr	NN	She had that motorcycle roaring to life two seconds later and she wobbled on the thing as she tried to steady it and get away .
tr	NNS	How could these French Soldiers leave their families and fields for years at a time , just to serve the French King ?
tr	NNS	""" I missed our trips to the beach and the fun we used to have . """
tr	NN	She waved a hand carelessly at him , heedless of the stares from passersby .
tr	NN	""" From there , if you can get to the forest in time , avoid the path and run south ."
tr	NN	She remembered the terror she 'd felt .
tr	NNS	From time to time they would trade the cameras back and forth for one purpose or another .
tr	NNS	Finally , he picked up three pairs of drumsticks and went back outside to wait .
tr	NNS	I owe a man a few bucks , that 's all .
tr	NNS	He felt dizzy and prayed he wasn 't coming down with a summer cold .
tr	NN	If you feel the back of your head , you 'll find a lump in the shape of its handle .
tr	NN	Together our skin bore such a striking contrast , the smooth , flawless flesh that spoke of her innocence wrapped up in the horror marking mine .
tr	NNS	But when John was supposedly watching a film , he was racking his brains again .
tr	NNS	""" Well that is good to hear , how about we get your phone numbers so we can talk some time ?"
tr	NNS	""" I 've never had two sisters ... . """
tr	NN	I offer a slight shrug to Nina , who 's hovering .
tr	NNS	Kevin never repeated his confessions twice .
tr	NNS	I only had animal desires .
tr	NN	He cocked his pistol .
tr	NN	Catherine had a real skip in her step as she walked home .
tr	NNS	You 'd probably have nightmares too .
tr	NN	""" What trial are you talking about ? """
tr	NNS	""" We 've got supplies ."
tr	NN	The waiter handed them the dessert menu .
tr	NN	The fleet commander doesn 't run the cruiser , which is his flagship .
tr	NN	I 'd performed all the foreplay on him , and received none for myself .
tr	NNS	Glory 's heart kicked her ribs .
tr	NN	He swung the rifle up , thumbed it into full automatic , and fired from the hip .
tr	NN	Hitting the remote on her key chain , Jo popped the trunk .
tr	NNS	They couldn 't tolerate the rudeness of others , which drove them to distraction , such that they had little time for the problems of others .
tr	NNS	I kick his ribs into a canter with Athena for a third round .
tr	NNS	""" I have other talents . """
tr	NNS	Any family would relish these fairy-tale accommodations .
tr	NN	I repress a shudder of revulsion .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't allow his doubts about Evie 's guilt to alter his plans .
tr	NN	She faced the small monitor near the bell .
tr	NNS	""" He has severed his ties to us now ."
tr	NNS	""" Director , we 're receiving new data from Captain Bryant 's device . """
tr	NN	""" Zoey , you mean Lyssa 's Zoey ? """
tr	NN	She kept up a running banter with it .
tr	NNS	The kiss also worked wonders on Zuzana 's nerves .
tr	NNS	What if they don 't check the systems well enough and we die in a fiery crash ?
tr	NN	I quickly dropped the pizza onto the table and pulled her into my arms .
tr	NNS	Still laughing evilly , he opened the flaps and looked in .
tr	NNS	Nolen studied the tapestries .
tr	NN	Inside herself , as always , she burned tin and pewter .
tr	NN	More than anything , Chris remembered his dad seeming taller and sweaty that night .
tr	NNS	"More often , I get random , fleeting , confusing signals , and I wonder if I 'm losing my mind . """
tr	NN	I grasped the knob and turned it .
tr	NNS	"So you 'll only need these stopgap methods for a couple of centuries at most . """
tr	NNS	Primates carried strong inhibitions against harming infants , and this inhibition was invoked by adult animals in many contexts .
tr	NN	"Layton had the password . """
tr	NNS	Everyone I pass stares at the bruises , and I can 't help feeling self-conscious to the point that I tug my collar up to my ears .
tr	NNS	For this reason , there will be grief counselors on hand immediately following this assembly .
tr	NN	The sound of her whispering his name and the amazing sensation of her pleasure triggered his own release from the tension gripping him .
tr	NNS	The man landed a few inches on my face looking at his right .
tr	NN	You 've killed my lord .
tr	NN	She had the fleeting impression of a predator just waiting for his prey to foolishly walk by .
tr	NN	""" Who says steak every day ain 't healthy for you ? """
tr	NNS	""" To do as you ask would require two trips ."
tr	NN	All because I had no faith .
tr	NN	Olive spun the dial back and forth , then tried the lock .
tr	NN	"Boy Pinkerton , see to it our Merrow guests are given the best treatment . """
tr	NNS	These folks had paid their big bucks for amenities and by God they were going to get them come hell or loose stools .
tr	NN	We find the rifle and we 'll match the varnish and the scratches .
tr	NN	That man wasn 't wearing one stitch of clothing on his very male body .
tr	NN	She was getting the VIP treatment by comparison .
tr	NN	Heath leaned a hip against a nearby rock and scanned the horizon .
tr	NNS	The soldiers closed up ranks with their weapons drawn .
tr	NN	It eased the distaste she had for dealing with the foolish young Prince .
tr	NN	"I didn 't bring my swimsuit . """
tr	NN	He brought the jar over and stood it on the desk in front of Emeline , watching as she bent to examine it .
tr	NN	Hal 's axe struck the practice dummy with a force powerful enough to rival that of a charging bison .
tr	NNS	""" For your losses . """
tr	NNS	And my thermal had little strawberries on it .
tr	NNS	""" I 've pushed back all my meetings until we get things settled with Bianca ."
tr	NN	Picture the scene ... And now add the sharp clicking of bone on stone , getting closer .
tr	NNS	""" I also input data from departments that need help ."
tr	NNS	Gibb changed his smirks ; it was obvious he detested the mass tort game .
tr	NNS	""" See the babies ? """
tr	NN	They accomplished the task in short order , revealing the dark tunnel beyond .
tr	NNS	The five of them all wore matching bands .
tr	NNS	It had all the elements of a conspiracy if she counted Nacho as an accomplice .
tr	NNS	""" Quite a rise through the ranks , Mr. Gillespie , and so quickly . """
tr	NN	Several large men carried a clear cage towards them .
tr	NN	Victoria pressed her knuckles into her mouth , but a sob still managed to escape .
tr	NN	I 'd made a double batch since I knew Weldon and Daryl could polish off a batch by themselves .
tr	NNS	He rode the breakers of her orgasm in a fury of rhythm , feeding her frenzy .
tr	NN	She watched the apple juice spread out in a golden stain , the pattern particularly odd , almost like the yawning jaws of a wolf .
tr	NN	She was keeping her health to herself .
tr	NNS	""" You 're having doubts ? """
tr	NN	We started up the hill .
tr	NNS	"You know , secretaries , clerks , and such ? """
tr	NNS	Tamsin took several deep breaths , almost sobbing .
tr	NNS	Nuala wiped her palms on her jeans , although there was nothing on the rock to dirty them .
tr	NN	You have been assigned a new knight .
tr	NN	He has complete discretion and carte blanche .
tr	NN	""" Then I will have to persuade the tanner that one claw will be enough , "" he fingered the large dagger at his belt ."
tr	NN	"' At times not even a candle flame , ' said the Queen . """
tr	NN	I shall have a little flutter .
tr	NN	A collective groan greeted this announcement , but the persuasive Texan was ready .
tr	NN	She wanted an echo of her enthusiasm , but I couldn 't muster it .
tr	NN	I heard the Whistler swearing revenge .
tr	NN	( * ) Small aircraft .
tr	NN	""" Apparently I didn 't get that memo . """
tr	NNS	Men , both Danish and Welsh , lined the battlements leading to the upper storey of the gatehouse .
tr	NNS	With the one-way glass , Shane watched his clients as they approached Ally 's desk , asking to meet with us .
tr	NN	They could pry the latter from my cold , dead hands .
tr	NNS	She stuffed the gloves in her pocket , then secreted my knives on her body much the same way I always hid them on mine .
tr	NNS	Shaking his head , Jace regarded the heavens as if they were about to open up and reveal the secrets of the universe .
tr	NN	Who hadn 't met their future spouse , the alien they were supposed to spend the rest of their life with , by a picture ?
tr	NNS	"Don 't you - know any spells - to make people take on their true forms ? """
tr	NNS	The low priest threw down his cards .
tr	NNS	You can 't beat tom cats as snake eaters .
tr	NNS	They found most Shifters peacefully cooking out , as Sean was doing behind Liam 's house .
tr	NN	His deep , seductive voice made her stomach flutter , so she purposely cast him an annoyed glance .
tr	NN	So has her employer .
tr	NN	"Name of the Angel , Clary , can 't you show some patience ? """
tr	NN	Her smile changed her whole personality .
tr	NNS	Not even she could have faked her body 's responses .
tr	NN	He has a smirk on his face when he sees me with Matt .
tr	NN	Only two minutes of monotonous clicking made the girl yawn .
tr	NNS	You 're paying us big bucks to look after your interests .
tr	NN	She handed her grandmother the small bouquet of buds she 'd picked out .
tr	NNS	I still felt dizzy , from Spencer , and from my transformation back into a mermaid .
tr	NN	He wore his usual uniform of black shirt and pants , his muscles evident under the thin fabric .
tr	NNS	There , shrouded in crepuscular gloom , he found the desolate and empty remains of what had undoubtedly once been a vast archive .
tr	NNS	I pulled my knives out and plunged them into his body again , sawing through his thick muscles .
tr	NNS	I 'd get my chores and schoolwork done before she woke up .
tr	NN	Holding an unfamiliar toy .
tr	NN	He picked up his pen , obviously intending to turn back to his translation .
tr	NN	And I wouldn ´ t be able to live with that , never .
tr	NN	Her arm made a big sweeping gesture around her .
tr	NNS	Michelle looked dizzy already .
tr	NNS	We both enjoyed the live performances -- especially the ones by Sonny and Cher .
tr	NN	Do your duty well for as long as you wish .
tr	NN	"See , "" he said pointing to the paper , "" They have given it a grade of 65 , which is excellent -- near mint condition ."
tr	NNS	He threw the remains of his cigarette onto the pavement and stepped on it before approaching her .
tr	NN	Glen needed the physical release of movement .
tr	NN	She started the jeep and reversed around .
tr	NN	He shrugged absently , his finger caressing her hand lightly .
tr	NNS	""" Loose the cats , too . """
tr	NNS	I could see wheels turning behind her eyes .
tr	NN	""" It 's in a flooded area , "" he told her stiffly ."
tr	NN	Its small flame barely lit the dark stairwell .
tr	NNS	His hard eyes followed Ty 's movements .
tr	NN	They 're receiving an eyewitness sketch of him as we speak .
tr	NN	In the background , she caught a glimpse of Soldier Boy making a plane of his hand .
tr	NNS	He had not raised any objections to the requirements for absolute secrecy or total obedience .
tr	NN	Thank goodness they 'd been dressed or things might 've ended much differently .
tr	NNS	Zeph stares in amazement .
tr	NN	Brand was holding a clump of stone .
tr	NN	She picked out the chocolate and the cell phone , arranged the pillows on her bed , and sprawled against the headboard .
tr	NN	Next they pull a gag around my mouth , the cotton digging into my cheeks .
tr	NN	of Nick slamming his ejected magazine back into his Glock .22 .
tr	NNS	"Asking all sorts of questions and shit ! """
tr	NNS	On silent feet , she skirted past stacks of crates toward the back .
tr	NNS	"She glanced at one the larger crates , "" Tank inside that one . """
tr	NN	I push a strand of hair behind my ear again , watching him walk away .
tr	NNS	Will got out two plates , and changed the subject .
tr	NNS	She shores up his covers before he motions over to his legs .
tr	NNS	You know , they hardly ever prefer the buildings of the white people to their own mud walls .
tr	NN	She didn 't know his agenda , but getting her into bed could not be one of his goals .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't force the visions to appear .
tr	NN	He indicated the full basket of wine .
tr	NN	He had used his old nickname for me too , which showed he was worried for me rather than disapproving .
tr	NN	We have the technology .
tr	NNS	""" I will hear no more objections , Admiral ."
tr	NNS	She could feel his fangs against her mouth , pressing against her as his excitement grew .
tr	NN	No way he 'd sacrifice his independence by living off the trust set up for him as a child .
tr	NN	The dark-haired woman grabbed a six-pack of Del Monte canned corn from her cart and hurled it at the creature .
tr	NNS	I shove the items into the trunk and head back to the farmhouse .
tr	NNS	Brad and I made several attempts to find a safe topic of conversation , but apparently there was none .
tr	NNS	"We 'll make multiple subjects to test everything on . """
tr	NN	I opened the fridge , eyeing the shelves greedily .
tr	NN	' You mean the archive ? '
tr	NN	Roberto saw the fury and it drew him .
tr	NN	Leopold ripped open an alcohol patch and swabbed Erin 's arm , then used another for Jordan 's .
tr	NN	Barbara would play the piano and lead the congregational singing , and he 'd preach a rousing sermon .
tr	NNS	""" I have more connections here than you can dream of ."
tr	NNS	""" I don 't care , "" he said fervently ."
tr	NN	"Did you take psychology ? """
tr	NN	I let the tears flow , feeling the slightest bit freer , feeling like I can breathe again .
tr	NN	But he needed an ally .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't see any allergic reactions ."
tr	NN	Above the roar of the machines , Chuck heard a familiar shout .
tr	NNS	""" It has windshield wipers . """
tr	NNS	He followed the wires to the pump motors and the valve actuators that opened and closed the valves .
tr	NNS	They gathers up their rags .
tr	NN	She had a task to accomplish , and she 'd need a clear head in order to do it .
tr	NN	Durante might not exact his revenge on his father to the full .
tr	NNS	""" When she dropped off the dogs , nothing more after that . """
tr	NN	I resisted the urge to fidget when his eyes moved to my hands .
tr	NN	' Can I borrow your pen ? '
tr	NN	We watched a comedy , snacked on junk food , and talked about the past week .
tr	NN	Joan entered the glass atrium followed by the Caldwell family .
tr	NNS	I have had centuries to consider what makes me happy .
tr	NN	"I-I didn 't bring any gifts , "" she said self-consciously ."
tr	NN	Other Foothills patrons glare at us , including a couple of trucker guys .
tr	NNS	She gazed at him with an expression he couldn 't decipher , then stood and picked up both their plates .
tr	NN	Lane snatched the receiver out of the cradle and clamped it to his ear .
tr	NNS	And I 'm expecting several one-on-one meetings between the CEO of Travel , Inc and Dream Vacations .
tr	NNS	He picked out several jokes that he found particularly funny and prepared for his stage debut .
tr	NN	He hadn 't expected such a pretty package to be filled with steely determination .
tr	NN	"I need a favor . """
tr	NNS	Almost everything she did underscored his suspicions .
tr	NN	I clutched my rifle to my waist , though I felt sick at the thought of using it .
tr	NN	A burst of lightning illuminated the stairwell .
tr	NNS	She held up her empty wineglass .
tr	NN	""" Don 't ruin your mascara . """
tr	NN	In his hands , the burden appeared less than a feather .
tr	NNS	""" Boone you have powers ; extra abilities which normal wolves don 't ."
tr	NN	I groan and resist the urge to bolt through a side door .
tr	NNS	What special abilities might she have ?
tr	NNS	I had many , many light balls ( bulbs , are what the people used to call them , ) and they were my specialty .
tr	NN	""" Has anyone claimed responsibility ?"
tr	NN	Winkler had probably done the deed when he laid her the first time .
tr	NN	Most people carried their own hardware ; almost nobody used public terminals anymore which meant they were few in number and even fewer functioning .
tr	NN	Hillary sat up quickly , her fingers landing on the folded towel that covered a handgun .
tr	NNS	"I didn 't ' alf use up my torch batteries on that one , and didn 't find nowt . """
tr	NN	I had his favor , but not like Liz .
tr	NN	Chapter 23 Selena gently flicked a dark strand of hair from Xavier 's unwavering eyes .
tr	NN	""" So , tell me now , little witch ."
tr	NNS	His experiments required fresher subjects .
tr	NN	From eye to tail I cut that shark .
tr	NN	Haven 't you see the real meaning of all this modern stuff about the dangers of extrapolation and bent space and the indeterminacy of the atom ?
tr	NNS	""" You brought hamburgers ! """
tr	NN	Her kindness and charity almost masked the unpleasant undertone to her scent , but there it was , lurking in the background like a serpent .
tr	NN	""" Thank goodness . """
tr	NN	Four boys were tossing a football back and forth in the center of the lot when they arrived .
tr	NN	""" Fuck yeah , we need the guns , the ammo ."
tr	NNS	""" We don 't have enough supplies for the wounded ."
tr	NN	After what seems like an eternity , she pulls the needle out and removes the vial placing them both on the silver tray .
tr	NNS	""" Just watch yourselves ."
tr	NN	""" Sure thing hon , be right back . """
tr	NN	He wiped his temple .
tr	NN	""" I did sweep ."
tr	NNS	She 'd allowed her own fears to overcome what she knew of him .
tr	NNS	We wanted folks who were neat , and the fact that this truck was much nicer than Pappy 's was a good sign .
tr	NNS	""" You have your contact lens cameras ."
tr	NNS	She tossed the blades of grass and watched them whirl in the wind on their descent .
tr	NN	Mark lifted the last tumbler with the pick and the knob turned with a slight grind .
tr	NNS	"What if it gives you nightmares ? """
tr	NNS	He had meetings , but they didn 't begin for another hour .
tr	NN	I 've chosen the theater .
tr	NNS	Perhaps a message of hope in a world of despair would again reach the hearts of the masses as it had in the glory days of Astoria .
tr	NNS	As Mike drove home , he felt a deep heaviness ; his wife , in the psychiatric ward of a hospital .
tr	NNS	""" I have searched the archives and have found nothing that would prevent you from staying , if you consented ."
tr	NNS	He studied the hairs like they might contain the secrets of Grace in their dull blonde strands .
tr	NNS	I washed up my dishes and wondered what to do .
tr	NNS	Shaya joined us then , scrolls in her arms .
tr	NN	I caught a glimpse of the underside of one of the fish .
tr	NNS	It had held large frosted glass balls when he 'd seen it earlier .
tr	NN	""" I 'd like a real favor , if you don 't mind . """
tr	NN	Dennis slammed the statue down , not caring where he hit .
tr	NNS	They bore crude clubs and slings .
tr	NN	""" One day , dog , you 'll learn obedience . """
tr	NNS	' Stop it you two , for once don 't show me you 've got issues .
tr	NN	' You had the joy of giving for three birthdays and three Christmases , not to mention David 's actual birth .
tr	NNS	The man had expensive tastes .
tr	NN	They had just completed a massive survey of what Father Carlo meant was the abscesses along the Creation ´ s spine .
tr	NN	She worked the bolt with both hands as the vampire writhed and twisted and screamed .
tr	NN	I have one savior .
tr	NNS	Again , my mind drifted backwards .
tr	NNS	""" Since you 're so sure about this , if we do get reviewed , I 'll give you twenty bucks ."
tr	NN	She placed a cool , moist cloth on his forehead .
tr	NN	She managed caution on that point , at least .
tr	NNS	When I turned to look behind me , I saw silhouettes of the outside crowd pressed against the frosted windows .
tr	NNS	"I remember the markings . """
tr	NNS	And recently , scientists from West Chester University successfully revived bacteria that had been trapped for 250 million years inside salt crystals , deep underground .
tr	NNS	They had grown up together , babies in that place of women , and been given over at five to training .
tr	NNS	They had no mouths , ears , or noses .
tr	NN	However , she realized , she could use the traffic to her advantage .
tr	NN	Connor felt a tremble on the ground .
tr	NNS	Hands boasted red cups and bottles , too loud voices and too loud music thumping against Aly 's little car as we slowly passed by .
tr	NN	You should be wreaking havoc on the humans .
tr	NNS	"Don 't your jaws hurt ? """
tr	NN	He smelled the sweetness before he saw the blood .
tr	NNS	""" Check your packs . """
tr	NNS	"I call the shots . """
tr	NNS	""" I don 't do floors , windows or bathrooms ."
tr	NN	During those ten hours he wore a range of outfits and shoes .
tr	NNS	""" Move the buildings closer together ? """
tr	NNS	The small fleet moved onward , coming nearer until they were on the system 's outskirts , and then inside it .
tr	NN	I shook out the muck still coating my fur and turned to go find something to kill .
tr	NNS	When the creature was sure it had got her full attention , it pulled out a tiny hourglass on a silver chain and pointed at it urgently .
tr	NNS	""" I 've run some simulations ."
tr	NNS	Quickly scanning the shelves , at first I didn 't see anything that would be valuable , but then a silver rectangle caught my eye .
tr	NN	The beauty that surrounded them brought solace to my soul .
tr	NNS	Eva had three classes today , all with a very large group of students .
tr	NNS	While the glass did not break , the milk soaked her slippers .
tr	NNS	Together , they would scan various sectors of the planet , looking for Padme .
tr	NNS	My greatest difficulty now is in how to see Lucius again .
tr	NN	Her clear , sky-blue eyes flashed her annoyance .
tr	NN	""" For example ? """
tr	NNS	There were only smells and breathing noises .
tr	NNS	It sank talons of anguish into hers .
tr	NN	He made the throne he was sitting upon look small .
tr	NNS	"I get more complaints from there than any of my other restaurants . """
tr	NNS	""" You mean twins . """
tr	NN	One actually had a chunk of dragon belly between his teeth .
tr	NN	Dumping him unceremoniously in a corner near the door , she opened up his armour .
tr	NNS	He has two family members who belong to our agency there .
tr	NN	She stiffened her spine and heard Chase shift in his chair beside her .
tr	NN	""" On the other hand , he 'd dropped his steak into the fire , so I 'd had to split mine with him ."
tr	NNS	She didn 't tell Jess why this happened nor how it was related to Celeste 's task .
tr	NNS	We hang our coats on the pegs in the corner while we 're waiting for the drinks .
tr	NNS	He had learned that hard truth centuries ago .
tr	NNS	"You know his methods . """
tr	NN	"Take my virginity . """
tr	NN	Cohen ran one fingertip down my spine , and I was so desperate for his touch I nearly whimpered .
tr	NNS	The thatched roof had several leaks , so she laid out three big buckets to keep the wooden floor dry .
tr	NN	He had a briefcase which he was carrying under his arm and not by the handle .
tr	NN	""" Our clients deserve all the privacy they can get . """
tr	NN	I twirl my pencil .
tr	NNS	Put the beers in the fridge .
tr	NNS	""" I saw the wolves yesterday . """
tr	NN	Never one to procrastinate , Indie grabbed a notepad and began to write her plan of action .
tr	NNS	""" They 've been detaining and searching ships for contraband around Boston ."
tr	NN	Fastening on suspenders , she gave them a playful snap , grinning to herself as she settled them in place .
tr	NNS	""" Molly , you old witch leave the gentlemen alone ."
tr	NN	I drank the bitter liquid and knew he 'd prepared another dose of medicine .
tr	NN	She had thrown the command into his mind , furious with his double standard .
tr	NN	I squeezed my dad tight , tears spilling onto his shirt collar .
tr	NNS	""" How about I make some sandwiches ? """
tr	NNS	It took several deep breaths to shake off the aftereffects of the nightmare .
tr	NN	The huge wood fired stove gleamed with polished steel hardware and deep blue enamel lacquered panels and doors .
tr	NNS	The monitor registers intermittent heart beats .
tr	NNS	Something hideous sank its fangs into him .
tr	NNS	She hated the bees .
tr	NNS	It took a few breaths , but I managed to put on a straight face .
tr	NNS	Jack could see distant silhouettes moving and shifting .
tr	NN	"We just had a disagreement . """
tr	NN	' It seems to me , ' said the old witch , ' that I might just 've been a shade on the sharp side there .
tr	NNS	Surely they must have had paranormal powers to have avoided capture for so long !
tr	NN	He could see the stern of a destroyer with a helicopter landing on its small flight deck .
tr	NNS	"They cannibalize their own systems to survive , but once they begin digesting their cerebral proteins , cognitive ability cannot help but suffer . """
tr	NN	And we had been offered a bargain .
tr	NNS	His tall , broad frame stunned her senses as he leaned over her , kissing her .
tr	NN	She wanted his seed .
tr	NN	Especially the elephant . '
tr	NN	""" Interview the owner . """
tr	NNS	Assessing and calculating their skills .
tr	NNS	Many of the people that Robert had helped over the years had grown in responsibility and were now leaders in various branches of the government .
tr	NN	Without taking my eyes off Zander and Ivy , I hold his soda out to him .
tr	NN	""" I agree honey ."
tr	NN	"And why would they steal my newborn babe ? """
tr	NNS	""" You clear our planets in exchange for the right to keep what you kill ?"
tr	NNS	It 'd taken two rescue crews to subdue him and bring him in .
tr	NNS	Outside , I run up and down the little country roads near my house .
tr	NN	""" But making crochet pigs has a very soothing effect ."
tr	NN	Tench smelled its sweet aroma .
tr	NNS	""" The FBI has fifty-six field offices , and the DC field office is the second-largest in the country ."
tr	NNS	""" More ships ! """
tr	NNS	""" Tell them from this day on , the humans consider the stingers their allies ."
tr	NNS	As soon as his feet touched the ground , he hurled two small knives .
tr	NN	""" Well fighting in school and sneaking out to go see a film . """
tr	NN	"Apparently her hatred of them took priority over the feelings of her sons . """
tr	NNS	"I rub my thumbs on the backs of his hands , "" I 'm sorry . """
tr	NN	It gave off a pleasant , woodsy aroma .
tr	NNS	Thank the gods he hadn 't needed to use it .
tr	NN	Shannon couldn 't help the scowl that followed .
tr	NN	But we didn 't have the foresight to marry our opposites .
tr	NNS	Several of them had their cameras out and they were putting their hands on Nicola to get her to pose for pictures with them .
tr	NNS	I imagine the braided wires slithering apart , sliding under my skin , burrowing through my flesh .
tr	NNS	Stacey scans the pages .
tr	NN	' He didn 't like my style of management . '
tr	NNS	She was handing balls off to Joan just moments ago .
tr	NN	I had somehow identified bird watching as being associated with this fantasy life , and hence my latent interest in birds .
tr	NNS	""" Can I borrow fifty cents ? """
tr	NNS	""" Everyone stripped their powers before they came in , so tonight it 's balls to the walls ."
tr	NN	"I give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul and my body . """
tr	NN	Abbey let out a low moan and put her head in her hands again .
tr	NN	Joanna herself favored assumption , but in her memoir prudently suggested it as only a possibility .
tr	NN	He held up the hilt in one hand and put the Orb against the bottom of the handle .
tr	NNS	""" You put illusion spells of gifts around your tree ? """
tr	NNS	We stood outside , Dylan and I. Out in the narrow garden .
tr	NNS	Let 's have some personal remarks !
tr	NN	As he passed , she quickly slapped his butt .
tr	NNS	Then , on impulse , she pulled out the directions and copied Edward 's address onto one of Crescent Moon 's business cards by the register .
tr	NNS	Grand had too many connections .
tr	NNS	The loud noise sends birds into flight , but the tiger remains still .
tr	NNS	He stuffed the two biscuits in his pocket and put a spoonful of the soup in his mouth .
tr	NNS	I mashed my sweaty palms against my jeans .
tr	NNS	He 'd only taken two bites , but tossed the remainder in his bag .
tr	NNS	She was certainly picking up a few tricks from Jake and reaping the benefits of his training with the Mutant Affairs Council .
tr	NN	""" Jesse , "" she made a breathless little protest , already feeling lost ."
tr	NNS	We pass the chairs and couches , and walk down a corridor that takes us to another room .
tr	NNS	Sean was making noises too , panting like a crazy man , grunting and groaning .
tr	NNS	We watched Adonis as he stared at the television set looking like an audience member at a group hypnotherapy session .
tr	NNS	At least on the outside they had no illusions .
tr	NN	You 've placed a blight on the land , stripping us of our water and food .
tr	NN	Sarah felt her stomach tense .
tr	NNS	Others lit torches , brightening the mists .
tr	NN	The boys had shown great potential as they both excelled in their classes , and they became fast friends .
tr	NN	He 'd be getting a new nickname now ... Zipper Face !
tr	NN	I picked out a simple white t-shirt and a pair of faded blue jeans .
tr	NNS	""" Would you consider terms ?"
tr	NNS	Collin didn 't like their strong arm techniques .
tr	NN	he asked the uniform .
tr	NNS	I led my students down a road through education .
tr	NN	I wipe away the juice from my chin .
tr	NN	he asked , when he sat back , a hand resting on a brat 's head .
tr	NNS	""" No rescue operations ? """
tr	NN	After a few seconds , she slammed her juice down and groaned .
tr	NNS	""" We haven 't had any deliveries in ages ."
tr	NNS	""" Yes , and as soon as we find him , we 'll find our little island sisters . """
tr	NN	They shared a destiny ; and Amber was to be so much more than a caretaker .
tr	NN	I took out my pen and drew hearts on my notebook , not looking at her .
tr	NN	Finished dressing , Romeo closed the closet .
tr	NN	Her words had the desired effect , making me shiver and chastise myself further for having undertaken this foolish precipitate folly .
tr	NN	I hated that bull .
tr	NN	""" Okay , I can understand and accept that , "" I said a little sarcastically ."
tr	NNS	""" Someone took out the street-level cameras ."
tr	NNS	Marcus ' father had three sisters and one brother .
tr	NNS	His hands stroked her inner thighs .
tr	NN	""" Was Fitzwilliam such a poor escort that he allowed you to slip away from him ? """
tr	NN	You amaze me , cara .
tr	NN	Daisy tugged off her apron and shoved it hard at his chest .
tr	NNS	Renna could barely see the whites of his eyes as he stared up at her .
tr	NN	"You 'll show her some motherfucking respect or I 'll make sure you regret any words that come out of your mouth . """
tr	NNS	A P.I. needs some wheels .
tr	NNS	""" I 've got a few dollars . """
tr	NN	She might fall facedown before she ever ate .
tr	NNS	"Once you 're up and running , we don 't monitor your daily activities , but we 're always close by if you need us . """
tr	NN	She held out her pinky .
tr	NNS	Meatball rammed three more biscuits into his mouth and swallowed hard .
tr	NN	""" They got a basket of food up in the Power room . """
tr	NN	""" Why bamboo ? """
tr	NNS	This one detailed his accomplishments in the War Between the States .
tr	NNS	For the next few minutes we all introduced our families to each other .
tr	NNS	The ad had detailed the changes -- date night , wine night , happy hour -- and included a number of coupons .
tr	NN	She tied a sash around her hips to keep the hem in place .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes , I feel dizzy .
tr	NN	At the penultimate moment , gunfire from the Transporter caused the Humvee to swerve slightly .
tr	NNS	First , I harvested the cameras from my spare EVA suit .
tr	NNS	""" Husbands have ... expectations . """
tr	NNS	An hour later , I 'm sending silent prayers of thanks to whatever god is listening .
tr	NNS	At the end of the blood bath lay two adults .
tr	NNS	More addicted smokers means more cigarettes sold .
tr	NNS	""" I won 't endanger the family assets by marrying again . """
tr	NN	Abby ordered a pizza and watched TV while she waited for it to arrive .
tr	NN	I gave a soft shrug .
tr	NNS	She put goggles on him to cover his eyes that glowed sometimes , and gloves , to keep him from using his power inadvertently .
tr	NN	""" Mademoiselle , "" he said sarcastically , his tongue flicking out over the end of his cigarette like a snake 's ."
tr	NNS	Both women were still wearing their entire space suits , and Penny pulled out a radiation detector and swept it around VIN .
tr	NN	To take responsibility for what I was doing .
tr	NNS	"I only studied Japanese for a year in my high school , and that was four years ago . """
tr	NN	I stop pacing and look at her .
tr	NNS	She selected five credit cards out of a deck .
tr	NNS	""" She gives me the creeps ."
tr	NN	As the leader of the pack reached out to grab Angela , William felt something strange ripple along his spine .
tr	NN	""" Get wet umbrella down ! """
tr	NNS	""" However , my schedule sucks balls ."
tr	NNS	It preheated the tiled floors to take away the morning chill .
tr	NNS	Tell me , do you know the lyrics and dance moves too ?
tr	NNS	I pull my last two daggers from my wrists .
tr	NN	""" And stick a needle in your eye if you 're lying ? """
tr	NN	The lad snatched the instrument and burst out laughing .
tr	NNS	"I 've got meetings scheduled in Albany and I won 't be back until later . """
tr	NN	"I need advice . """
tr	NNS	Suddenly freezing in place , the reaver 's expression grows deadly serious as he stares at his shrouded rival .
tr	NNS	""" You 're carrying my babies ."
tr	NNS	He trusted his instincts , which had steered him through his meteoric rise .
tr	NNS	I could feel his hardness pressed up against me , and I moaned .
tr	NNS	After a bit of testing , Rick discovered four panels of various sizes and shapes , each one becoming visible only when he looked directly at it .
tr	NN	Dante felt his fist clench .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't you have any new tricks ? """
tr	NNS	She could not temper or appease his desires .
tr	NN	Though it was not exclusively his responsibility , he 'd given the treatment to quite a few people .
tr	NN	""" Father in Heaven , I can only express my deep sorrow for being a part of this horrible catastrophe that is coming to this earth ."
tr	NNS	""" Even his team members . """
tr	NN	You should have fulfilled your destiny .
tr	NNS	"But if we delay , Hale Industries ' stock will drop another twenty points . """
tr	NNS	Aunt Zelda was lighting her storm candles and placing them in the windows .
tr	NNS	"He placed the four coins on the table , saying , "" My formidable hunting skills earned me this ."
tr	NN	Sally did not own an aircraft , but was moving from Tucson to the Marine Air Force base in Yuma .
tr	NNS	My neighbors had heard the shots and called the police .
tr	NNS	She leaves enough scales above her skin to cover herself from knee to neck .
tr	NN	The other had a horn in the center of his forehead and scales rather than skin .
tr	NN	Maggie threw a handful of muck at him and he ducked , laughing .
tr	NN	Instead he 'd gone full-out caveman on her .
tr	NNS	"Mr. Lockwood has supplies inside . """
tr	NN	""" Give me a glimpse ... just one glimpse . """
tr	NN	His mouth made a twist , like he was going to tell me bad news .
tr	NNS	""" And say your prayers that we actually walk out of here ."
tr	NN	He bought a divining rod for a hundred dollars that could easily be mistaken for a derelict piece of driftwood .
tr	NN	Annie admired his attitude , which she viewed as brave and selfless , but she wanted to shout at him to do something and fast .
tr	NN	She wished no follower from Leng 's hateful monastery , for along the way ahead would lurk enough of other dangers .
tr	NNS	Rick finished his changes , saved them , and wandered up to the kitchen .
tr	NN	Mike picked up the crossword .
tr	NN	The ovoid begins the descent towards the Security Headquarters .
tr	NN	She pulled up her quilt from the end of the bed to ward off the chill .
tr	NNS	The turmoil of the elements wakes the senses , although it cannot entirely break the repose they have lapsed into .
tr	NN	She gave no quarter and had no mercy .
tr	NNS	' Would covering up those ugly bits fix him ? '
tr	NNS	You don 't want doctors accidentally -- or maliciously -- killing patients .
tr	NNS	Everything around the castle and the town below now echoed the themes of Glory 's dress and accessories .
tr	NNS	I said twenty-five dollars . '
tr	NN	He has Zeus 's lightning bolt .
tr	NNS	All though it wasn 't very long , it tickled his temples and made him feel itchy .
tr	NNS	And ... I need samples .
tr	NNS	"Maybe next time I see you , you 'll be changing diapers and reading bedtime stories . """
tr	NNS	The rosewood handle had scales carved into it and was long , so he could wield it with both hands .
tr	NN	""" Farmers that don 't use electricity or cars ."
tr	NNS	All that after a couple of generations of no one having a mind to so much as go sightseeing off those islands of yours .
tr	NN	On the new path Riley passed a hollow stone cube .
tr	NN	He bought a painting for five hundred bucks .
tr	NNS	I pull aside the velvety drapes and gaze down at scattered sunbathers .
tr	NN	""" We had a great time , "" she added self-consciously ."
tr	NN	It did not have the effect of either .
tr	NNS	Admiral Tani had confirmed my worst fears .
tr	NNS	"When you 're done , we 'll walk the various routes and see if we can get an average timeline . """
tr	NNS	She 'd been putting warrior braids in her father 's hair for years .
tr	NNS	The thought of being separated from him brought a great heaviness to her heart .
tr	NN	"We 've never had anybody like you running the office before . """
tr	NNS	""" Elise 's family and my family go back many generations . """
tr	NNS	After the death of Julia in Hollywood he checked their cameras but came away empty .
tr	NNS	Pulling over to the side of a quiet , shady street , Teddy surveyed the surroundings .
tr	NNS	The wall to the right supported stacks of rolled scrolls .
tr	NN	Wouldn 't at least a few of them want more proof ? ' '
tr	NNS	Honestly , you 've been learning exceptionally quickly .
tr	NNS	People who survive a crash often experience all sorts of guilt and anxiety , concerning why they survived and not others .
tr	NNS	Nina pulled several pairs of shorts out of the suitcase and returned them to the dresser .
tr	NNS	Her gaze locking with his , he stilled her efforts to dry his shirt .
tr	NNS	"You weren 't burning candles or setting off firecrackers ? """
tr	NN	SOS had obtained photographic proof of Selena and Paul .
tr	NN	Ethan handed her a newspaper review of an off-Broadway play .
tr	NNS	She hadn 't summoned ghosts and then called me a freak .
tr	NN	He walked up the ramp and found the security camera 's lens .
tr	NN	Lord Peake shook the vomit off his boot .
tr	NN	Roberto put down the menu .
tr	NN	So we 've made up our own language , in the way we press chest to chest and the way we touch noses when we kiss .
tr	NNS	""" But I don 't want babies ten months apart ."
tr	NNS	Now we get only a couple coins a week from the blankets I weave and mother spends her time either gathering food or selling what I make .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , the Media Continues its Quest to Uncover the Mission Behind Coalition Island .
tr	NN	Dean removed a pen from the inside of his suit pocket .
tr	NNS	""" I keep close tabs on Verity ."
tr	NN	Lately she 'd been hearing her internal clock ticking louder than it once had .
tr	NN	He felt a pang of something that was still not entirely guilt , and waved .
tr	NN	They should have been showing him the utmost deference .
tr	NNS	On the ground I see drag marks where the girl must have pulled the bodies out of the crash and brought them here .
tr	NNS	""" But ... "" He could almost see the wheels turning in her brain ."
tr	NN	"Would you change her fate ? """
tr	NN	Has she taken her mother 's advice ?
tr	NN	""" They made my head spin with all their questions ."
tr	NNS	We needed allies on the path .
tr	NN	""" But that 's not possible , "" Tiberius immediately dismissed the possibility with hollow conviction ."
tr	NNS	He guards the wolves in the wilds of Russia now and writes books with beautiful photographs .
tr	NN	The reign of Augustus initiated an era of relative peace known as the Pax Romana ( The Roman Peace ) .
tr	NN	""" Just have the shipment here when you promised . """
tr	NNS	His bare feet left bloody smears on the boards as the men dragged him forward and flung him into the chair .
tr	NNS	She 'd pulled pranks on him ; he 'd pulled pranks on her .
tr	NNS	Purposely avoiding any thought of the ending to come , she batted her eyelashes at him .
tr	NNS	Doyle , as far as I am aware , has very few , if any , connections to either the Midwest or London , except through Banks .
tr	NNS	Nothing had ever altered the child seer 's visions before .
tr	NN	I quickly grabbed a towel to wipe my hands , emerging from the kitchen with it still damp in my hands .
tr	NN	To capture a single vial of the precious , life-saving liquid ?
tr	NNS	She could hear hearts beating .
tr	NNS	"I love meetings . """
tr	NNS	""" Yes , we use our mouths only for speech . """
tr	NNS	I had no doubts that if you plugged Anton and me into a compatibility computer , we 'd come out on the other end together .
tr	NNS	She grabbed the goggles hanging around her neck and pulled them up over her eyes , then shifted the Jeep into gear .
tr	NNS	I pull the covers up over me and lock my hands together behind my head , looking up at the stars on my ceiling .
tr	NNS	Which set Allie 's cop instincts buzzing .
tr	NNS	Since you seem to be the making out pro , how would you rate my skills ?
tr	NN	Zane resisted the urge to look over his shoulder again .
tr	NN	I could still feel the electricity running through my system .
tr	NNS	And she 'd undoubtedly find excuses for doing them .
tr	NN	How to hold your fork ; how to make your bed ; how to brush your teeth .
tr	NNS	The paper also gave directions on how to use the spotters .
tr	NNS	""" You can always use your powers , but it 'll call attention to you ."
tr	NNS	They scrounged a few worn but comfortable office chairs and managed to find a couple of small folding tables in the Citizen 's Escape compound .
tr	NN	They wouldn 't see the goodness in him like I did .
tr	NNS	"You 're making assumptions -- "" "" Like someone else we know , right ?"
tr	NNS	She had several meetings today and she still needed to prepare for them .
tr	NN	You didn 't tell the snake not to strike , and you didn 't tell the vamp not to kill .
tr	NN	I crack the curtain and am surprised to find a set of folded clothes on the bed , along with a towel .
tr	NN	He lifted the dagger to pierce her finger but stopped and looked at her .
tr	NNS	The kid managed three shots before Katie hit him .
tr	NN	"I also get the impression that he 's not terribly comfortable around people he doesn 't know . """
tr	NN	She held up a beautiful pink and black butterfly hair clip .
tr	NNS	He had a moment 's utter bliss , then reality crashed in .
tr	NN	She liked the uniform and the power he wielded , and he liked melting all that cold ice .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't do drugs , not that it 's any of your business . """
tr	NNS	"Don 't need any distractions . """
tr	NNS	The Indians used their skills from the year before at their old village and helped him with the tree cutting and construction .
tr	NNS	What if someone had searched the ruins of her family home and found the letters ?
tr	NN	You had cancer in that dream , Alexa !
tr	NN	Canton examined all the material Alec had gathered regarding the human slayings of late .
tr	NNS	I walked two blocks to the west , away from the park , and found Carlito 's .
tr	NN	I choose the latter .
tr	NN	""" You could try steak on that eye ."
tr	NN	Todd grabbed his briefcase and followed him out .
tr	NNS	As soon as they see how committed we are , they 'll elevate our ranks and increase our privileges .
tr	NNS	""" Ten minutes , "" I reminded Lucius as I jumped outside ."
tr	NNS	A wind whipped up the fires .
tr	NN	It sends an ache through my chest , and I rise from the chair to move closer to him .
tr	NN	""" It makes my wings ache . """
tr	NN	""" No one has seen a wormhole ."
tr	NN	I cursed my timing .
tr	NNS	""" Anywhere , "" he says breathless ."
tr	NN	I am using this prayer to cope with the demons of despair and lack of hope .
tr	NNS	I had instincts , of course , that had become part of me .
tr	NN	She blew a small bubble with the gum , popping it .
tr	NN	""" What the fuck do you think you 're doing ? """
tr	NN	""" Surely , you mean bubble . """
tr	NN	I 'd never seen a castle in real life ... that is , until now .
tr	NNS	He and Chevy drank their beers , watching Cynthia Dane seduce the audience with her voice and her eyes .
tr	NNS	She put the new cloths on top of her dresser and stepped into the shower .
tr	NNS	""" Everything looks monotonous . """
tr	NN	Even from my distance , I could see the throbbing of her temple , and the spit zip through her lips with every foul word she shrieked .
tr	NNS	I heard their arguments .
tr	NNS	His library banks contained full data on sexuality .
tr	NNS	Going the construction area , they had seen figures ascending stairs .
tr	NN	After struggling through chemotherapy and radiation treatment , my mother finally beat her cancer .
tr	NNS	Someone vented the secondary chambers to relieve the pressure on the Rift 's seal .
tr	NNS	""" Okay , screw the supplies ."
tr	NN	By her carefully chosen words she gave the impression of being just one of the crowd herself , anxious to find out all about the project .
tr	NN	Sure , they both might enjoy professional basketball .
tr	NN	""" That would explain the twitchy nurse . """
tr	NNS	Throughout high school , he had developed his talents for speech on the debate team .
tr	NNS	He was wearing only his briefs .
tr	NNS	They had left the corridors and entered the main chamber of the Temple .
tr	NNS	"But all of you have put bits of yourself into it . """
tr	NN	She drew the silk package out of her purse , letting the purse slip to the floor from her hands .
tr	NN	You nailed the landing .
tr	NNS	You will find the pillars of glass .
tr	NNS	""" I didn 't use the proper rituals to let it out , so I don 't have any control ."
tr	NN	""" We can 't very well send her a diamond ! """
tr	NNS	Now I couldn 't help the loneliness I felt among them .
tr	NN	""" Did Lars give you stable duty ? """
tr	NNS	I ground my palms into my eyes , waiting for the awful picture to clear .
tr	NN	""" Well , thank goodness for that !"
tr	NNS	""" Worm should infect all computer systems within two hours ."
tr	NN	"We can 't risk Laurel 's health . """
tr	NNS	As he gathered her close and felt the hot rush of his seed erupting deep within her , Hunter knew a bliss that eclipsed everything else .
tr	NN	I squeezed the soft rainbow beak , posing its adorable face for Vincent .
tr	NNS	This past year she took all AP classes .
tr	NNS	I needed my wits about me for what I was about to do .
tr	NN	"I appreciated the intent even as I said , "" I was fine . """
tr	NNS	""" Perhaps I put down the wrong numbers , or misspelled a name . """
tr	NNS	Just exactly how many twins do you think there are in England , Beth ?
tr	NNS	I spotted the spike marks on the tree first .
tr	NN	"I 've got this vat of wine that I 'm sure you 'd be delighted to see . """
tr	NNS	The drawing depicted several stick figures .
tr	NN	The robot floated off the terrace and hung above the backyard pool for a second before disappearing into the sky .
tr	NN	Minutes before Howard 's chopper reached altitude there was engine failure and the chopper fell from the sky and plunged into the ocean in total darkness .
tr	NNS	I took off my boxers and lay down next to her .
tr	NNS	As they had been instructed , Jeff , Robinson , and the others took positions on the rails to keep watch .
tr	NN	A splash of scarlet marked each star .
tr	NNS	Once there , she put the tissue samples in her home fridge .
tr	NNS	Somewhere in the distance ( because this large hallway does nothing but go straight ) , I spot two familiar figures .
tr	NNS	"And by the way I know the folks at the underground station . "" """
tr	NNS	Mrs. Jones puts the cups on the front sofa table , and I took a seat smiling .
tr	NN	"When I asked , she gave me the impression that your present wardrobe is more than adequate . """
tr	NN	"He read the caption : "" Tulsa 's Manuel Garcia -- Soccer 's Next Phenom ? """
tr	NN	We needed that closure .
tr	NNS	""" Unless a court revokes them or you sign them away , this gives you parental rights to the little boy asleep upstairs . """
tr	NN	We had a good-natured argument as we drove about whether Stephan should pop the collar of his polo .
tr	NNS	Maybe she would wear her contacts instead of her glasses .
tr	NN	Kara slid the comb out of the pouch and stuck it into her hair .
tr	NN	Vic was probably already firing the temporary pilot , anyway .
tr	NNS	He laughed and told jokes and , most importantly , didn 't shout at anyone .
tr	NN	Hardly had he finished speaking than , with a jerk of his wrist , Finan threw his dagger .
tr	NN	Luis sent his twin brother a quick glare .
tr	NNS	We got all sorts in ED .
tr	NNS	She washed the last dishes and put the tray in the china cupboard .
tr	NN	Then he pulled the Humvee off the main track and drove three hundred yards down the length of an empty range .
tr	NNS	I rub my slippery palms against his chest - his smooth , bulging pectorals , so silken to touch .
tr	NNS	She wore black breeches , black shirt , and high black boots .
tr	NN	You got a needle and thread ?
tr	NN	""" Not yet , "" I admitted , "" but I got the impression he 'd like me to . """
tr	NNS	Return home , have troubles with the foreign subway .
tr	NN	And then we say a prayer for your mommy and sister , too .
tr	NN	""" Enter security code . """
tr	NNS	""" Can we get our coats ? """
tr	NNS	Her body had a stillness it never had , and her heart beat in anticipation of what was to come .
tr	NNS	She dismissed his objections with an airy wave of her hand .
tr	NNS	I will fulfill my contracts as promised .
tr	NNS	They discussed transportation arrangements while proceeding back to the waiting vehicles .
tr	NNS	""" You test the waters with cleaver girl , and we 'll get our supplies . """
tr	NN	Pat handed John the sixteen ounce jar .
tr	NN	Jessica deserved more respect than that .
tr	NN	Rob slanted a dangerous golden glare at Gabriel and started to shake his head .
tr	NN	They wanted a hero , and he was elected .
tr	NN	The emperor rolled his chariot in front of the table while Attica 's prime minister and the Pact 's chief delegate sat on blocks nearby .
tr	NN	So , while they shopped , Joey , Tuck and I threw the football around .
tr	NN	Ray put his pen down and approached Maddie , wrapping his arms around her .
tr	NN	"I 'll give you a massage . """
tr	NNS	A smile twisted her luscious , ruby-red lips .
tr	NN	Mr. Lonely adopted a more stern countenance .
tr	NN	If he 'd killed April , she 'd find the proof she needed to put him away .
tr	NN	He put spin on the ball as he struck it .
tr	NNS	Rain pelted the travelers with the dying wind .
tr	NN	He kissed her breathlessly , her mouth , her cheek , her eyes , and back down to her chin .
tr	NN	""" Gregor and Felix just attacked the port ."
tr	NNS	She extinguished the candles and stood in the dark , listening .
tr	NNS	He set his wineglass on the table in front of the small sofa where I sat and breathed a cool breath against my cheek .
tr	NNS	All the goodies enticed Kali 's senses with their mouthwatering aromas .
tr	NNS	You have never done so the members of this Circle .
tr	NNS	"As the child 's biological father I probably have more rights to it than you do . """
tr	NNS	Cole could not believe her boldness .
tr	NN	Marcus felt his heart leap into his mouth .
tr	NN	A few had soft firelight or luminous kelp glowing behind shuttered windows .
tr	NNS	Normally I expect bands to bring at least twenty people , fifteen minimum . '
tr	NNS	"So the Angel immediately whispered to the brothers : "" Quickly , turn yourselves into animals that live in the water . """
tr	NNS	All his nieces and nephews wanted hugs and to tell him about what had been going on at school or dance classes or soccer practice .
tr	NN	"Some stuck up rock star ... "" Shannon sighed , cocking her head in the mirror ."
tr	NN	My heart didn 't stop its wild hammering until we were well away from there .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her temples .
tr	NNS	""" Hired actors and a forgery ."
tr	NNS	The woman graced the pages of Vogue and Elle magazines on a regular basis .
tr	NN	I checked the lady 's ID .
tr	NNS	Merl held his hands palms up .
tr	NNS	""" Invisibility does have its benefits . """
tr	NNS	We do the chores we have to do , clean out the stalls , feed all the animals , and that 's about it .
tr	NN	Judge Norris was late taking the bench , and that was just as well because Linda and Hannah were late , too .
tr	NN	He leaped off the branch and quickly slid down the tree , feet and hands both tightly against the tree bark .
tr	NNS	""" Analyze data . """
tr	NN	""" How do you carry all that armour ! """
tr	NNS	' Some of us have contacts . '
tr	NN	In some ways , I could understand my sister 's reluctance , but that didn 't make me feel any better .
tr	NN	I was thinking of telling them I ate some bad cake at your party and ran off in the night having hallucinations .
tr	NNS	And in truth , I had slightly stronger powers of the instinctive nature , though less of a gift for words than she .
tr	NNS	Behind his cracked lips , the preacher saw blue-black gums and a slithering tongue that coiled like a snake in its den .
tr	NNS	I could only imagine the scenarios in my head that they would need it for ; the creativity that required playing injured .
tr	NN	"I don 't really follow football or sports so you can help me out . """
tr	NNS	""" Why would I have any clients ? """
tr	NN	Kit smiled , a gesture that softened all the sharp angles of her face .
tr	NN	""" I beg your pardon , sir ? """
tr	NNS	""" I 'm investigating reports of a wolf in the swamp . """
tr	NNS	Both options had benefits .
tr	NNS	""" Anyway , I have some numbers for you to crunch ."
tr	NNS	She dropped her music students and spent all of her time writing really sad love songs .
tr	NNS	Sarah-Jane delivered their plates .
tr	NNS	The guy gave me the creeps .
tr	NNS	Most of them had bizarre talents , but others in the show were there because of their physical attributes and deformities .
tr	NNS	""" We 'll be winding spells around the building to make the witches weak and indecisive ."
tr	NN	The shift in his demeanor and the way my entire first name is flowing from his mouth is causing the oxygen to deplete from the room .
tr	NNS	She could still hear Tammy 's giggles from afar and she was not amused .
tr	NN	Tension overrode exhaustion with the certainty that Keagan had held something back to ensure the interview went smoothly first .
tr	NNS	He counted his breaths to keep from panicking , but his gut was trembling so hard it ached .
tr	NN	The outburst cracked any remaining sweet demeanor from the face of Miss Ryan .
tr	NN	""" You adjust its little attitude , that 's what you do ."
tr	NNS	The water had spent centuries absorbing the filth of mankind and had grown accustomed to swallowing up our many failings .
tr	NN	She gripped the fork in a fist and held it at arm 's length under his nose .
tr	NN	Hot shivers traveled down his spine , Elena 's blood still making the world spin .
tr	NN	Not for real , where you make a break and assume a new identity and , I don 't know , join the circus or something .
tr	NN	She laughed and pulled off her apron .
tr	NN	""" I read an article in the paper the other day , the Gazette ."
tr	NNS	The night of the Christmas party brought thick , dark clouds and some light powdery snow .
tr	NN	Hutch had been half expecting the attorney to call back .
tr	NN	My roommate and two of my friends flunked out that quarter , but they all got back in with notes from the experimenters .
tr	NNS	But Sera couldn 't take any chances .
tr	NN	The outcome of those individuals would have had a profound effect on the research results .
tr	NNS	His dad served two tours each in Iraq and Afghanistan .
tr	NNS	She 'd fight her fears .
tr	NNS	"It all looks marvellous . """
tr	NN	Vlad let out a snort .
tr	NN	He closed the lid and locked the box .
tr	NN	Daniel picked up a handful of rocks and skipped them across the water .
tr	NN	""" I have faith . """
tr	NNS	But perhaps , having seen how vulnerable he is , he will reconsider his actions .
tr	NN	With magic however , came responsibility , honor and respect for the gifts they had been given .
tr	NNS	Madeline counted tiles to the dining room .
tr	NN	""" Take my advice ."
tr	NNS	"That would give him the skills he 'd need to create a false background . """
tr	NNS	I don 't make those trips into the time tunnel alone .
tr	NNS	It would draw the society members out for certain .
tr	NN	So I take responsibility in telling the new stories what 's going on .
tr	NN	Noel pinched Aria 's butt .
tr	NN	Leon grunted his disagreement .
tr	NN	For his outstanding bravery and impressive track record , Eden was awarded the highest rank the military had to offer .
tr	NNS	Kelly dumped Tess on my doorstep .
tr	NNS	"I keep tabs on Shifters . """
tr	NN	If I could draw blood , then maybe the fury trying to claw its way out of me would have some release .
tr	NN	Tate sat forward again , fury in his expression .
tr	NNS	Folks around town are already dredging up all the old tales about who saw what when .
tr	NN	Dr. Abernathy added cream and sugar to his own and stirred noisily .
tr	NN	When running back across the room toward the door , she bruised her hip when she ran into one of the three tables .
tr	NNS	She was also wearing the silver sandals that gave great definition to her legs .
tr	NNS	""" You need any other metals ? """
tr	NN	She carried the coffeepot with her .
tr	NNS	""" That night they checked and rechecked their canoes , and watched the weather ."
tr	NN	""" Some things don 't need a midwife . """
tr	NN	He let the crystal spin in his hand , but it never stopped and never lit up .
tr	NN	"The lid could come off this operation and I 'm not going to wait around and see . """
tr	NNS	The jogging suit did look new , it had the creases in the sleeves and legs from being folded .
tr	NNS	They were just running blindly .
tr	NNS	He parted her folds , and allowed his thumb to circle her straining clit .
tr	NNS	She 'd sent the water and tissue samples from her river trip to him to analyze .
tr	NNS	I felt the hairs on the back of my neck prickle .
tr	NN	I felt the wide smirk forming on my lips , and pulled Ken from the ground as our blades vanished out from the sight .
tr	NN	""" Do you not mean funeral ? """
tr	NN	She stomped her boot .
tr	NN	""" Grab a shovel , Johnny . """
tr	NNS	As she said this , she took both dogs by their collars and pulled them away as best she could .
tr	NN	He made a gesture of dismissal .
tr	NNS	""" Eva , do you think he is dreaming of Katrina maybe she performed those operations ."
tr	NNS	Don believed in effective meeting management , a residue of one of the prison management classes that were required every year .
tr	NNS	Something else out there could throw energy balls around like a warlock .
tr	NNS	Sam and Mortimer shared triumphant grins as they pulled out in front , widening the distance between the two boats .
tr	NNS	Kimmie Ross ' body had yielded liberally scattered green silk fibers .
tr	NN	She didn 't even recognize the area code .
tr	NN	Rachel eyed the second item on the list .
tr	NN	I swallow down the nervous knot .
tr	NNS	"Any violators will have their supplies confiscated . """
tr	NN	Raising it up , he loaded an iron bolt and swung it around at me .
tr	NN	""" Where does he get the paint ? """
tr	NNS	Next are CO2 canisters and notebooks with two years ' worth of recorded experiments .
tr	NN	Your mother returned the deed to me .
tr	NNS	Bonita holds no other citizens , but Rosa , Dirk , Ann , and me .
tr	NNS	"Not even your father expected their combined powers to be what they were . """
tr	NNS	She could remember the horrible , awful bits .
tr	NNS	Emily took a few more forks from the pile and placed them at the rest of the seats .
tr	NN	A split second later three blue beams of light engulfed the door frame .
tr	NN	That dog needs a bath .
tr	NN	""" Magnus showed you the rune for understanding and remembrance ."
tr	NN	""" Did you feed the fish ? """
tr	NN	He heard a desk drawer slam .
tr	NNS	My actions triggered these most recent complications to our already severed relationship .
tr	NNS	From the backseat , David gave directions to the apartment .
tr	NN	He made no demonstration of his authority ; he simply marched into the fields and took one of the farmer 's horses .
tr	NN	""" I found this anchor for you last night when I was going through my stuff from 2009 ."
tr	NN	Looking around , I spotted my backpack .
tr	NNS	Savannah served coffee and warm raspberry scones before scurrying off for her bedroom again .
tr	NN	I fought the urge to swim , something only my brother had been able to inspire me to do as a child .
tr	NN	Tequila made a short speech .
tr	NNS	Joe Hess checked apartment numbers .
tr	NNS	""" Most trailers have two pack members . """
tr	NNS	""" How much longer must we tolerate these conditions ? """
tr	NN	She swept the branch between them , concentrating on the parrying and blocking lessons she 'd gotten from Gabriel .
tr	NN	When we reached our destination , I faintly recognized the towering structure from our research .
tr	NNS	His presence alone works wonders for a wounded soul .
tr	NNS	""" They have families , Din ."
tr	NNS	""" I do not serve Eris nor do any that follow my rule ! """
tr	NN	My declaration had a strange effect on him .
tr	NN	I couldn 't hide my next yawn .
tr	NNS	Was I attributing more insidious motives to him than he deserved ?
tr	NNS	I gave them directions to my house and told them to come at ten .
tr	NN	Mage 's soothing voice , normally a godsend , sparked fury in me .
tr	NN	He had a receding hairline .
tr	NN	""" Perhaps you could give me a brief resume . """
tr	NN	They returned his gesture , and with a forced smile , he steadily left them .
tr	NNS	Others stuck religious statues ( mostly the Virgin Mary ) by the front door .
tr	NN	""" But I want a bath ."
tr	NNS	I could feel the hoof beats of the two horses gaining ground behind us .
tr	NN	""" We 've no faith in cards , Gypsy ! """
tr	NN	He saw the sorrow in her eyes , and he knew that she understood what hadn 't yet been said .
tr	NNS	""" Will you be handling the donations personally ? """
tr	NNS	Sure she 'd regained her powers and abilities since the Netherworld , but it was her human side that she struggled with most .
tr	NNS	Our parents both have offices in that wing .
tr	NN	He 'd shaved off his beard and was deeply tanned from the Brunei sun .
tr	NNS	Gumshoe and Shotgun gave him blank stares , and Shotgun shrugged .
tr	NN	He raised the soda and took a gulp then took another chunk out of the burger .
tr	NNS	Sherry 's eyes turned sly .
tr	NN	James wanted the jeep for himself .
tr	NNS	Gradually rolling over , he observed his surroundings .
tr	NNS	He flattened his palms on the desk .
tr	NN	I poked a cherry around .
tr	NN	He shook off the nagging ache around his eyes and walked out onto the concourse and towards the taxi rank .
tr	NN	Hopefully she 's getting my grandparents ' info without too much trouble , and then he can completely rid his life of me .
tr	NNS	Andrew and Gabriel retrieve the trays of food .
tr	NN	It had the same crippling effect on the rest .
tr	NN	""" Not an option . """
tr	NNS	Chrissie was echoing his responses for her mother 's benefit , and Susannah sighed at her daughter 's naivete .
tr	NN	Silver hair produced a halo around his head ; his green eyes sparkled like emeralds .
tr	NNS	And definitely avoid bugs .
tr	NNS	"Lettie keeps her supplies stocked pretty good . """
tr	NNS	Most had expensive cameras draped around their necks .
tr	NN	"Widening the divide between Shifters and humans . """
tr	NNS	He eyed my flats .
tr	NN	She took the pizza from him and found her voice again .
tr	NNS	""" Guess ... "" He guesses right , because he takes me by the elbows and pul s my body up so our noses touch ."
tr	NNS	"She hoarded dogs . """
tr	NNS	""" If we can crowd five hundred men on each ship , we 'll need a hundred ships . """
tr	NN	I could play the affable captive if I needed to .
tr	NN	""" This is great , "" I say , digging in ."
tr	NN	She could see his face tense .
tr	NN	"I can smell your carnal sin , Layla . """
tr	NN	Why must I attend a funeral of a man that tried to freeze me for a thousand years ?
tr	NN	But then Martina had pricked her golden bubble with a jagged blade , and Lexi just sat on the idea .
tr	NN	As my wife 's beautiful daughter , you deserve any fortune that it might deem fit to bring you .
tr	NN	Lucy held up the aforementioned item and she jumped from the table , chased by her sisters .
tr	NN	When you 're my mate , we 'll get that Collar off you , and you can be my second .
tr	NNS	I imagine their savage jaws , twisted faces and sharpened fangs .
tr	NNS	""" I 'll give you some examples ."
tr	NN	A large gray-haired woman walked up to her , menu in hand .
tr	NN	James was striding down the hill , waving his arm above his head .
tr	NNS	Glorious and terrible , the beast shook off centuries of slumber .
tr	NNS	""" Over 200 yards ."
tr	NNS	We surveyed our surroundings for a second and then Brad grabbed my hand .
tr	NNS	""" Fine , but the prehistoric ocean never had giant bugs . """
tr	NNS	Raphael put ties around the left leg of his creating blue stripes .
tr	NNS	I took the plates out , collected the glasses .
tr	NN	I set my tumbler aside next to his and rotated on his lap .
tr	NNS	""" He 'll surrender his rights if we pressure him for child support ."
tr	NN	He should have grabbed a banana , candy bar , something .
tr	NNS	I gathered up all the balls , took my first hit , and scattered balls everywhere .
tr	NN	Serena barely remembers the trial .
tr	NNS	I quickly dealt the cards and so started the game .
tr	NN	But Papi forgot one important detail , and that was that we had to be living on the streets for the Bad Samaritan to get at us .
tr	NN	Are you finished darlin ' ?
tr	NNS	Clover was juggling knives .
tr	NN	He preferred the solitude of the small kitchen table .
tr	NNS	""" Of sorts . """
tr	NN	""" You sure can 't prove your very high success rate by me . """
tr	NNS	He 'd had numerous chances to kill me , and I was far from innocent .
tr	NNS	She had her shields up already and there was no getting around them .
tr	NN	I saw the second realization set in .
tr	NNS	""" Besides , he 's late if he 's supposed to be with the other losers , I mean workers . """
tr	NN	A foot-long gap sliced the asphalt next to me .
tr	NN	He pictured that tide he had witnessed below , flowing away from that the earlier blast from Wright 's camp .
tr	NN	He silently summoned his uncle , needing someone who could help him understand .
tr	NNS	He went over a few more issues , told me when to come back , and then asked if we had any questions .
tr	NNS	But his partner driving the car had equally good credentials , and the vehicle bore an authentic government license plate .
tr	NNS	""" No reborn has ever had their powers before the first week ! """
tr	NNS	Garrett turned the steaks , and they sizzled on the grill .
tr	NN	"Ganondorf has killed the sage of Spirit , and beheaded the woman who retained him . """
tr	NNS	"As my brother said , I 'll be needing directions on where to pick the two of you up so that we can procure your permits . """
tr	NN	He got his self-control back .
tr	NNS	Cold air jolted my senses as I stepped outside .
tr	NN	"You practically have your owl . """
tr	NN	She whipped the camisole off as fast as she could .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't do one-night time frames . """
tr	NN	"You don 't have the Sight , so how are you going to help us when you won 't even know where they are ? """
tr	NNS	"I won 't be washing dishes in one of your ... hotel chains ? """
tr	NNS	The familiar stone walls of the Keep , and the moist , dark interior met her senses .
tr	NNS	Adelaide wasn 't running errands for her servant .
tr	NNS	' And I 'm so glad I didn 't lose you , ' he said fervently .
tr	NN	Demetri gave his brother a glare before reaching for my hand and kissing it .
tr	NNS	Ashley shoved her palms against his chest .
tr	NN	Glenda Monaghan would have a breakdown if she knew what her husband and son had been up to .
tr	NNS	We know their descriptions , how they sailed and where , and who sailed in them .
tr	NN	This , given my alleged suicide , will bring uproar .
tr	NNS	Megan inhaled the refreshing coolness , it felt so good , intoxicating , a promise of life .
tr	NNS	"They 've got some serious issues . """
tr	NN	Millicent followed her carefully , the video shutting off just as Birgitte started climbing the high walls that would take her back to Aegis .
tr	NN	""" Werewolf requires office assistant . """
tr	NNS	Ruben returned an enthusiastic thumbs up .
tr	NNS	""" How do you pass your classes ?"
tr	NN	The Big Man still had the pistol in his hand .
tr	NN	Almost all college admissions dissected a student 's achievement into grades and test scores .
tr	NNS	Her super black hair had the front layers pulled back into a simple clip , exposing her long elegant neck .
tr	NNS	As we walked to the back door , we heard more crashes , and with each one , I jumped and squeaked .
tr	NNS	' Why don 't they fight the dogs ? '
tr	NNS	He had learned centuries ago that there was little point .
tr	NNS	The girls scored the first two points .
tr	NNS	"Stop offering terms and eat your food . """
tr	NNS	""" We don 't have the Order 's deep pockets . """
tr	NN	Buddy pushed an empty waste basket over beside her .
tr	NNS	He flattened his palms , one on each thigh , and pushed my legs wide , completely opening me up to him .
tr	NN	""" Borrow your pen ? """
tr	NNS	He traced the Sentinel markings on her face .
tr	NN	Not saying a word , I grabbed the quilt and pillow from the couch and handed it to him .
tr	NNS	I couldn 't afford distractions and would never call it by any other name than that .
tr	NNS	He didn 't do drugs .
tr	NN	""" The priest cannot influence his god for fear of disrupting the future . """
tr	NN	So I ate my waffle and drank my juice and didn 't say a word about what Zach and I had overheard in my mother 's office .
tr	NNS	It woke up my senses , cleared my head , and my lungs indulged in the crisp , damp air as I took long even breaths .
tr	NN	He grabbed a pen and paper , stood up and came to the counter .
tr	NN	One month later he asked this bird if he still needed the transformer .
tr	NN	Sage paid the stable owner to keep their horses ready .
tr	NNS	I had long forgotten my suspicions as to why she was being so nice to me .
tr	NN	At last , I felt a bit dizzy being left alone in a suffocating room .
tr	NNS	""" Did you smell any other wolves out there ? """
tr	NNS	We just cut our losses and make another one ?
tr	NNS	We had formal dances at the Compound twice a year .
tr	NN	Ran up the staircase and went in the door without knocking .
tr	NN	He could feel Vladimir 's rib cage moving , clicking , separating , cracking , crushing .
tr	NN	He won 't risk a crash landing .
tr	NNS	Nick could practically feel the antsy breaths of his suppliers breathing down his back .
tr	NN	I unwrapped the large black ribbon and bow on the thick white box and opened it up .
tr	NNS	One makes requests , which are graciously granted .
tr	NNS	Chapter 17 He stumbled into the lobby , its blaring music battering his rattled senses .
tr	NN	He would definitely need a cart .
tr	NN	Then she yanked out the cake with a sigh , almost hurling it onto the burner .
tr	NN	The feel of his heart pounding through his shirt made her dizzy with joy .
tr	NNS	They didn 't even get credit card offers and junk mail like normal people did .
tr	NN	""" Not even a possibility . """
tr	NNS	Okay , so Jaden was scoring even more points to prove his whole girls are crazy theory .
tr	NNS	""" Just take deep breaths , Love ."
tr	NNS	She now had sisters .
tr	NN	But Fiona 's piece of scandal had no effect on the detective , whose face showed no interest at all .
tr	NNS	She 'd met her conditions of release .
tr	NN	She attaches a little vial to the tubing between the bag of fluids and my hand .
tr	NN	He tears open an antiseptic wipe and runs it across my cut .
tr	NNS	"You 're selling drugs . """
tr	NNS	' I 've been hearing disturbing reports , Hil .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine .
tr	NNS	So consider the politics in my job .
tr	NNS	Either way , he had counted eleven of the sash wearing Nomads in town .
tr	NNS	""" No matter how it looks , I have my doubts about the serial killer theory . """
tr	NN	They involved rope and blindfolds and paddles and moans that shattered me until he drove inside and put me back together again .
tr	NN	When no one is near , I leave the terminal , jump into the cab , and we speed away .
tr	NN	A cold shiver ran down her spine .
tr	NN	This morning , she wore a lavender long-sleeved gown .
tr	NN	""" You have the dagger ? """
tr	NN	He snatches the marker from my hand and it leaves a yellow streak along the paper .
tr	NNS	Many are already wishing the attackers killed them .
tr	NN	""" We will need our energy cake with oxygen stuffing and temperature filling . """
tr	NNS	Instead of the black suits and glossy shoes she imagined his goons to don , they wore simple slacks and sport coats .
tr	NNS	""" Send par Spirit Mages ."
tr	NNS	Several men , including Fin and Duncan , practiced their fighting skills with their swords in the courtyard .
tr	NN	Three stories of open hallways crowning a beautiful winding staircase .
tr	NNS	Thieves from all over the place would broadcast their wares on your List using the photo feature .
tr	NN	I could smell and taste her wanton lust , and it made me feel delirious with power and hornier than ever .
tr	NN	"Bolt realized his error , "" Oh , I see ."
tr	NNS	Sure , I knew different techniques , but which one did he deserve ?
tr	NNS	Deckard had underestimated the serpent 's abilities to inflict fear and distraction .
tr	NNS	Sure , it had dangers as she 'd found out first thing , but her fad ' ra could teach her the light .
tr	NN	Each Council member announced his vote , arriving at a surprisingly split tally across the GNC 's human and Breed members .
tr	NNS	She tugged her reins and wheeled her horse around .
tr	NN	However , he is a Witch King and you are a witch hunter , ' Brick gave a shrug .
tr	NN	Katherine , the social worker , has put off the final evaluation a few weeks while she 's away on a family emergency .
tr	NNS	Smith tossed the pages onto the conference room table , and they slid across the glossy surface .
tr	NNS	With a deliberate motion he allowed his fangs to pierce the skin , and just as deliberately paused as he waited for her approval .
tr	NNS	I had some candles in my pockets which we put in the body .
tr	NNS	JD had written bullet points in a neat block print .
tr	NNS	""" Not that bad , "" the old man said , "" Got my cards ."
tr	NNS	Gary raised his palms as if Janelle were pointing a gun at him , glancing at the row of ruined houses .
tr	NNS	Most of the big buildings had boards over where their windows would have been .
tr	NNS	See , I found these reports in the news archives from fifty years ago of a gentleman who claimed to have come through this area .
tr	NN	She could not understand the depth of his voice .
tr	NN	said the god anxiously .
tr	NN	Sadie had stopped pacing , trying to comprehend what he was saying .
tr	NNS	""" Well - "" "" The bits of blood and gore still caught in your hair ? """
tr	NN	"They shall decide your fate and that of all your race . """
tr	NNS	She felt her insides draining away , emptying .
tr	NN	The windows could barely allow a bird to enter and the door was a plank of wood , held in place by rusted hinges .
tr	NNS	Do you have any skills in healing humans ?
tr	NNS	We deposited my coats and bags in the enormous closet to the left of the front door and headed into the enormous living room .
tr	NNS	I make this cheerleader motions with my arms and it gets him to laugh .
tr	NN	""" Dad , I have an appointment . """
tr	NNS	She grasped the reins as they advanced into a gallop , the tangy smell of horsehair creeping into her nostrils .
tr	NNS	Cain smiled encouragingly and began to hoist himself up , pointing out the best handholds as he did .
tr	NN	I understand his compulsion , his need to touch .
tr	NNS	They can 't even bring Para security systems here .
tr	NNS	He picked up one of the pistols and showed me some basics anyway .
tr	NN	She growls and throws a dish towel at me .
tr	NNS	""" Did you guys have gangs when you were young ? """
tr	NNS	The cutlery drawer held three metal chopsticks .
tr	NNS	"Herbie took Candy to the hospital this morning . """
tr	NN	She caught a glimpse of a busy room - filled with desks and people , mostly men .
tr	NN	Emily 's fingers walked along the sofa back to pick at a crack in the upholstery .
tr	NNS	The living room occupied the entire depth of the building and would have been , Darcy estimated , around four yards wide .
tr	NN	Perhaps she needed a specific task .
tr	NNS	He probably saw ghosts everywhere .
tr	NN	She had a talent for analyzing dreams , but she needed context to comprehend what her intuition was trying to tell her .
tr	NN	""" Kiran has asked for your hand , Eden , "" Amory cleared off an iron bench with his magic and took a seat ."
tr	NNS	She watched her surroundings carefully as she walked .
tr	NN	You must have a very big airplane if you want to take enough animals to make a difference in your herds .
tr	NNS	""" We 'll raid colony stores for reels of neuron fiber , Eng multipliers , and the other basic components ."
tr	NN	"Enjoy the ale . """
tr	NNS	"He makes all his advanced classes read this book , Flatland . """
tr	NNS	I caught bits and pieces .
tr	NNS	Far in the distance , he saw corridors like this one .
tr	NN	""" I don 't need anybody to protect me . """
tr	NNS	He withstood their tricks , shape shifting and other mystical powers .
tr	NNS	Kincaid preferred physical activities that had a lethal edge to them .
tr	NN	Twin skid marks scarred the gray asphalt .
tr	NNS	Pretending an interest in the beautiful scenery of the Mobile Bay , she let the lyrics about God 's mercy and grace wash over her .
tr	NN	It made Cole 's stomach knot .
tr	NN	As I passed him , a strange shiver ran down my spine .
tr	NN	Tessa had seen this aspect of the relationship between Dean and Marcus , so she understood what her brother-in-law meant .
tr	NNS	"Then , composing himself , Jake smiled at Frank and Maggie and said , "" I hate cats . """
tr	NN	Gale sweeps up a handful of pencils and taps them on the floor into perfect alignment .
tr	NNS	""" I like houses ."
tr	NNS	Nemo did not fully understand such desires .
tr	NNS	A few times I have even seen wolves and coyotes .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , in the most remote corner of the yard , nestled between two trees , Robin saw the small wooden structure .
tr	NN	"You looked really good out there , too , "" Kerri said a little breathlessly ."
tr	NNS	She eased her slacks from her hips to reveal her silken panties , a scrap of fabric that barely covered her tight black curls .
tr	NN	She worried the hem of her skirt .
tr	NN	She flicked aside his dressing gown and poked him where it hurts a man the most .
tr	NN	Demetri ignored my yawn and obvious signs of exhaustion and kept talking .
tr	NNS	He didn 't notice the throw rugs in bright tropical colors or the sunlight glancing in through the front windows to lie on the gleaming tile floor .
tr	NN	I catch the inside wing of one , causing it to burst into flames .
tr	NNS	He skimmed knuckles along her arm .
tr	NNS	Thomas was feeling a bit envious of the other tables .
tr	NNS	Smells of sawdust mixed with blood permeated my senses .
tr	NN	He had the talent .
tr	NNS	Something that gave her butterflies in her stomach .
tr	NN	His fingers thread the net as he stares at me through the dark from the other side .
tr	NNS	I whack the bugs from my face and my fur coat .
tr	NN	From the right angle , Selena could see the kidney shaped pool in the back yard .
tr	NNS	His father had hired the best surgeons and doctors , but they had been unable to stop the infection .
tr	NNS	"They gave me their cards -- when you feel up to it , it might be nice to give them a call . """
tr	NNS	Some of those Eddie took hearts from attempted recovery .
tr	NNS	This vampire was taking no chances , but I was .
tr	NN	""" Mr. and Mrs. Landis , "" the pilot 's voice filled the cabin , "" we 're at cruising altitude ."
tr	NNS	I 'd had visions of bricks of hundred dollar bills being tossed around like dollar coins , but things seemed to be much more relaxed than that .
tr	NN	Once there , I gave the kids each a hand basket and told them to have it .
tr	NNS	Perhaps this place is playing tricks on me , I take out the new underwear and try it on , perfect fit , weird !
tr	NN	As he picked it up , he brushed my knuckles .
tr	NN	I give a quick glimpse into their garage and note that Ethan 's truck is inside , but Lila 's car is missing .
tr	NNS	I 'd felt earthly and magical earthquakes , but the building 's detonation was a force of an altogether different magnitude .
tr	NN	She had never fully appreciated the full meaning of her ability to fly , completely ignoring such obstacles .
tr	NNS	Could they have been harboring motivations that endured within the rivaling and not often amalgamated temporal planes of history ?
tr	NNS	She only took a few drops of his blood , just enough to control him .
tr	NN	Her grandfather had renovated an old large Victorian , turning it into office space .
tr	NNS	Venkat and I didn 't have two cents between us .
tr	NN	My mom hit the lottery down in Tijuana , Peoria had said , and I had known something about it wasn 't right even then .
tr	NNS	' Who keeps their cigarettes in a box ? '
tr	NNS	She kicked off her sandals by the hall credenza .
tr	NN	""" No matter how adept they become , we use every tool we can to give ourselves the advantage ."
tr	NN	I 've never been so happy , even caught in this net , I 've never known such joy .
tr	NN	She walked down the staircase ahead of us .
tr	NNS	Our parents slip the gaudy trinkets onto each other 's hands , grinning like two teenagers .
tr	NN	We reached the bench and sat down .
tr	NN	None of them had ever seen a dead immortal before .
tr	NNS	Celaena slammed six gold coins onto the step beside the tiny crone .
tr	NNS	Before Savannah could answer Cole 's question , the waitress delivered their plates .
tr	NN	He gently took the package out of my hands , brushing my fingers in the process .
tr	NN	Picking it up , Duke studied the casing .
tr	NNS	Her eyes narrowed dangerously , but Wesley 's pleading look assuaged her .
tr	NNS	We 've got fires scattered around the city and panicking Citizens flooding the streets .
tr	NNS	Signed paintings bring higher bids .
tr	NN	Emerson waved the pistol .
tr	NNS	I hated knives , but I didn 't see how I had a choice .
tr	NNS	""" HE SAID WHAT ? """
tr	NNS	He and the older woman exchanged fond greetings ; he was obviously a regular and well-liked , which didn 't surprise Anne Marie .
tr	NN	""" But if we go this evening I can make the supply early and keep two customers very happy . """
tr	NN	She picked up the phone receiver and heard the tone indicating she had a message .
tr	NN	After another thirty minutes of bouncing across the poorly maintained road , Michael pulled the jeep off to the side and parked .
tr	NN	""" He has a sinister reputation in our circles ."
tr	NNS	And he provided directions to where the son of Kolya Maks lived .
tr	NN	""" If word got out , it could hurt your reputation . """
tr	NN	"I don 't usually put that much responsibility on the interns . """
tr	NN	Sam had just caught a glimpse of bandages .
tr	NNS	And research their backgrounds .
tr	NNS	How many floors does it have ?
tr	NNS	He led Jess through an open kitchen with lots of windows and lots of light .
tr	NN	""" What the fuck is this ? """
tr	NNS	"He owns several business interests , and a few well-placed individuals . """
tr	NN	""" In Dr. Duval 's hands that laser beam will destroy the clot without disturbing one molecule of the surrounding tissue . """
tr	NNS	"Do you even remember my two conditions for agreeing to help you storm the Keep ? """
tr	NN	"He gave me a little squeeze and said , "" How do you like Indonesia ? """
tr	NNS	"he asked slyly . """
tr	NNS	Once we were both equally stuffed , I returned the empty dishes to the sink and began to load them into the dishwasher .
tr	NN	She carried a flute of champagne in one hand , as if forgotten .
tr	NNS	She bats her eyelashes as she looks up at me .
tr	NN	"We can pack the battery in the camera and he can disperse the spheres that way . """
tr	NNS	No major label bought the rights to it .
tr	NNS	"We 'll just cancel our cards . """
tr	NNS	They ricocheted off the faeries as if they were nothing more than stones , but when they saw Delia , their noises changed to something more urgent .
tr	NNS	"The stone can create environmental changes that cause it to be moved , but it still has to wait to be picked up . """
tr	NNS	""" Have the other teams got out ? """
tr	NNS	""" What two hundred dollars ? """
tr	NNS	She could see the gaping mouths and vacant eyes , clouded , like the breath of the mist .
tr	NN	Surreal suppressed a shudder .
tr	NN	""" For example ? """
tr	NNS	With a flourish , he turned over his cards as well .
tr	NN	Laurence ignored the interruption ; Riley would see Carver 's grog stopped for a week without having to be told .
tr	NNS	He 'd already hired some staff members who 'd let them into the new home .
tr	NNS	He refused meals on Saturday and Sunday , spending most of his time alone in his room or outside walking .
tr	NNS	Last I checked , humans don 't jump buildings .
tr	NN	""" Can you imagine Richard cheating on me ? """
tr	NN	I was rolling my cart down the supermarket aisle when I got a call from the hospital .
tr	NN	From this moment , Woodpecker had no real opposition as General in Charge once powerful Bird -- De Peacock was gone .
tr	NN	I could call a lawyer , but lawyering up was just short of admitting you did it .
tr	NN	We had walked only about a quarter of a mile when something coming toward us made us stop in our tracks .
tr	NN	Steve asks an observer with a splendid pair of scuffed shoes .
tr	NN	""" I just got an e-mail from you and thought I 'd call you ."
tr	NN	""" So you changed the location of the mines ? """
tr	NN	""" I am simply performing my duty as best I can . """
tr	NNS	He had other skills .
tr	NNS	Dan had used Irish interests before to get Spelman talking , and he wouldn 't hesitate to do it again .
tr	NNS	He invariably left messes in the lab , although admittedly he had a prodigious capacity for concentrated work once he got started .
tr	NN	As much as Claire felt herself loving Eli , she also felt obligation to Wesley .
tr	NN	""" Your terminology , "" the satyr said , has hit the nail exactly on the head !"
tr	NNS	The utter emptiness of the interior of the cabin gave off the ominous vibes of violence .
tr	NNS	It also allowed professors to easily check student 's excuses as to why they didn 't finish homework projects , as thousands of student have found out .
tr	NN	The bullet nicked her right kidney .
tr	NN	He owns his own diner and apartment building .
tr	NN	"My grandmother manufactured a fake ID for me before I was even born and she gives me a new one whenever I move or change jobs . """
tr	NNS	Getting his ducks in a row ?
tr	NN	"Huron will have a new administration . """
tr	NNS	Our father only occasionally replaces important figures of the past .
tr	NN	He kissed my belly .
tr	NNS	I have those bids on the concrete you wanted .
tr	NNS	And I don 't allow dogs in here .
tr	NN	Roth caught the wild strand of hair again .
tr	NN	She didn 't have her wrap , but she had no desire to rush back inside to fetch it .
tr	NNS	I 've considered my fears .
tr	NNS	He had houses rebuilt and replanted the parks , which wound their way around the cliffs surrounding the whole town .
tr	NNS	She could see the wolves , their eyes reflecting in the dark .
tr	NN	He popped the trunk and put the shovel inside along with the gun .
tr	NN	It had taken all the paint we had left to finish the rear of the house the day before .
tr	NN	A cold chill tickled up my spine .
tr	NNS	"He lacks many social skills . """
tr	NNS	They ordered grilled fish sandwiches for dinner .
tr	NNS	The cashier took a few coins and gave her a token which she looked at blankly .
tr	NNS	Tammie stares at his hand and looks out the window .
tr	NNS	He gathered up Brute 's reins , urging the horse forwards through the crowd of men and out of the gate .
tr	NN	He returned the clip to his weapon and set it beside his bed .
tr	NN	Looking around , she sized up the remaining climb down .
tr	NN	He wore his formal dress uniform , swathed in a purple toga as a symbol of the Caesar 's approval .
tr	NNS	No , her eyes weren 't playing tricks on her .
tr	NN	""" Market down the block ."
tr	NNS	His already heightened senses flared even higher , sharpening to a feverish intensity .
tr	NNS	Father rubbed his temples , turning away with a long sigh .
tr	NNS	David Wise had been delivering babies for more than twenty years , and his calm reassurance had gone a long way toward relieving James 's fears .
tr	NN	Pride starched her spine .
tr	NNS	They had five subjects who could not be accounted for .
tr	NNS	Many of them were holding guitars .
tr	NN	I introduced our newest visitor .
tr	NNS	We three watched as our three favorite guys gathered their treasures .
tr	NNS	Mel pulled two items from out of his sack .
tr	NN	He brought out a tin of peaches which we split .
tr	NN	"Together , they received the hero medal for saving four Marines during a routine weapons launch . """
tr	NN	Waters deposited a handful of silverware in the drying rack .
tr	NN	She made a slashing gesture with her hand .
tr	NNS	Her mind must be playing tricks on her because , though the name sounded familiar , she didn 't know him .
tr	NN	""" Stitches ... "" "" Do you have a needle and thread ? """
tr	NN	""" You have been working for me for eight days now , a circumstance I am beginning to regret . """
tr	NN	What if he took my advice ?
tr	NNS	""" It said twelve cups for this size of a batch ."
tr	NN	""" Ragnar saw the black flag from afar and jumped into the sea , swimming with mighty strokes to beat the ship to shore ."
tr	NN	"It requires honest prayer and petition and a responsible plan for any children that might be created as a result . """
tr	NN	Did his notebook of secrets really spell disaster if it got into the wrong hands ?
tr	NNS	"See the wires ? """
tr	NNS	"Then go down two blocks , turn right , and knock on the back door of the lab . """
tr	NNS	""" How about a thousand dollars an hour ? """
tr	NNS	How soon can you get this data back to me ? '
tr	NNS	""" I was just double-checking some items . """
tr	NNS	""" Release knots . """
tr	NN	I didn 't see any harm in handing him a cup of water .
tr	NN	I squeezed a dab of red paint into my palm and then smeared it across the mahogany dresser top until my hand bumped into the poinsettia .
tr	NNS	I recognized various buildings , and I could see the monastery 's walls jutting out from the skyline to my right .
tr	NN	I don 't doubt Kacey tests people 's patience on a regular basis .
tr	NNS	"Did you get contacts over the weekend ? """
tr	NN	He 's not bringing anybody else into this .
tr	NN	A fisherman brought a basket of fresh fish for a change .
tr	NN	And he 'd have his revenge .
tr	NN	He saw a cluster of skyscrapers off in the distance .
tr	NN	As he raced after the cat , Dominic took command of the skies .
tr	NN	Gordian maintained his icy smirk .
tr	NN	All of us , plus one friend each , preferably a spouse if you have one .
tr	NN	""" Nice speech by the way ."
tr	NNS	The phrase sounded strangely innocuous in her gentle , faraway tone .
tr	NNS	Some threw keenly aimed daggers to slice through the ropes that bound Pietro to the cross , while others stood ready to catch him .
tr	NNS	I had five sharpened pencils in the front pocket of my bag .
tr	NNS	"You can 't carry metals for me now . """
tr	NNS	They ordered two cups of coffee .
tr	NNS	The red haired woman 's father expanded operations , planning for our missions to be farther away and more difficult than before .
tr	NNS	Now I will call the marks out , understand ? '
tr	NN	""" And I 'll take that magazine , too . """
tr	NN	I squeezed the shaft and kissed him hard , thrusting my tongue into his mouth .
tr	NNS	The ladder bared her breasts , the fabric barely covering her nipples .
tr	NN	I mean , I must have met my quota by now .
tr	NNS	They take tiny little bites out of you .
tr	NNS	I wipe my palms on my skirt .
tr	NN	""" Find the narrow ribbon that connects us . """
tr	NN	She pulled open an empty drawer .
tr	NNS	Jeffrey held no illusions of receiving tactical data , but that was not his primary purpose .
tr	NN	The rusty springs protest .
tr	NN	"Or reported Valhalla 's location ? """
tr	NN	That way , no battlefield enemy can get the technology .
tr	NNS	I also will execute all murderers and child molesters .
tr	NN	She would never tell him what he wanted to hear , would never spend a second massaging his ego because he was a wealthy superstar .
tr	NNS	"There you can spend your million dollars in a very lively way . """
tr	NN	In a second he landed smack dab in the middle of the little bed .
tr	NN	""" You must get that spine of yours from your mum -- your daddy was a pussy from the word go ."
tr	NN	Zarah ignored his command to tell her where she was .
tr	NNS	Overdose Potassium Chloride pulled up pages of material .
tr	NN	"He needs proof . """
tr	NNS	Dario took the few paces across the room and knelt in front of her .
tr	NNS	""" Yes ; I have sent messengers into the towns to learn every name . """
tr	NN	He closely studied The Owner .
tr	NNS	""" Then check the cameras in the neighboring zones ."
tr	NNS	""" Uh , I put the usual ingredients in ."
tr	NNS	I could feel his hardness pressed against the smal of my back .
tr	NNS	His sexy voice could tear down any woman 's defenses .
tr	NN	Dr. Elliot put the parasite in everyone 's dinner .
tr	NN	Though , apparently , it had really unsettled the Assembly .
tr	NN	""" I like my privacy when I 'm home ."
tr	NNS	""" I will not tolerate rudeness in my class . """
tr	NN	Her brother had witnessed the execution .
tr	NNS	With a groan I pulled off her sweats and hovered over her .
tr	NN	Then she caught a glimpse of the elongated point of the man 's ear when he flicked back a loose strand of hair and suddenly understood .
tr	NNS	Within moments , Tasha had recovered her wits and realized that she was fervently clutching Hal .
tr	NN	Nervous laughter filled the empty void .
tr	NN	"Just a scientist . """
tr	NNS	Quietly , I lift the covers , swing my feet onto the floor , and rise from the bed .
tr	NN	""" They complete the outfit . """
tr	NNS	I pocketed the stripped eleven and eyed my next move .
tr	NN	Even my light tone sounded artificial , too saccharine to be believable .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't wait too long Andrea ."
tr	NN	To his surprise the bear emitted a soft growl .
tr	NN	Jill set her comb on the night table and slid her legs under the Egyptian cotton sheets , her decadent pleasure .
tr	NNS	"Share the germs . """
tr	NNS	Not if you paid me a million dollars .
tr	NNS	More swearing and some agitated movements .
tr	NNS	When she had talked about traveling , she had mentioned five-star hotels , the best restaurants , and expensive shops .
tr	NNS	Annie pulled back the covers , plumped a pillow and sat down .
tr	NN	Rebecca quickly set the magazine aside .
tr	NNS	"I 've got finals to study for and stuff ... . """
tr	NNS	Allison , on the other hand , flirted up dates on a regular basis .
tr	NN	Fortunately , he resisted the urge to give voice to what she could read on his face .
tr	NN	He hefted the vase to one side , resting it against one hip so he could have her sign his clipboard .
tr	NN	They lay a trap telling you that to change yourself , you must change the world ; it 's a lie to keep you from acting .
tr	NNS	I suddenly saw the dogs .
tr	NNS	""" Never underestimate the powers of a guardian ."
tr	NN	"You 've both got the star in you and you have a lot of power . """
tr	NNS	Neither division ever had more than 20 students at any one time .
tr	NN	She straightened her spine and held her ground .
tr	NN	The music , his cologne and his closeness all made her head spin in a magical way .
tr	NNS	""" I can 't take any chances . """
tr	NN	She felt an odd stinging sensation as her palm touched the scribe .
tr	NNS	""" She leaves marks on every boy she meets ."
tr	NN	There , their eyes beheld the valley in all its splendor .
tr	NNS	At this moment of bewilderment , she would take her chances in Tijuana .
tr	NN	""" You have your passport on you ? """
tr	NN	Babies ' breath and bridal lace accented each collection .
tr	NNS	He had donned his breeches and was just finishing washing out of the basin by the fireplace .
tr	NNS	I didn 't undervalue her healing skills , but defensive ability made a person feel powerful , and she needed that .
tr	NNS	We can 't overcome the witches by ourselves .
tr	NN	When you 're finished let me know the cost .
tr	NN	The Captain dropped the sail completely and allowed the ship to coast to a halt .
tr	NNS	We can try out some spells and catch up with the whole , magic universe .
tr	NNS	They throw helmets , curse , criticize , scream , exhort one another to step it up and do whatever is not getting done .
tr	NN	He had broken the chunk into several smaller rocks , each about the size of his fist .
tr	NNS	I can see something nearer at hand and more urgent ; there is something moving over the plain ! '
tr	NN	"Gus would file a sexual harassment claim in a heartbeat . """
tr	NN	Nick was now holding the article that had been written about it .
tr	NN	His brother was making a spectacle of himself .
tr	NN	Linda Shaw had left the infant Celia with an aunt and uncle , and fled .
tr	NNS	"And look here ... do you see the planets in this first circle with a sun in the center ? """
tr	NN	Of course , the third one , a thin copper Yale key that looked like it would open a padlock .
tr	NNS	His strips his slacks off and kicks them to the floor .
tr	NNS	The two poachers donned their own packs , and we made our way back towards where Kyle had last been seen .
tr	NN	ANDREW EXPERIENCED a sensation of discomfort after Little Miss 's death that would not leave him for weeks .
tr	NN	Alex picked up her backpack , once again slung the strap over her shoulder .
tr	NN	Seth felt a nice release after destroying the competition .
tr	NNS	""" Would I get fangs like yours ? """
tr	NN	But as soon as our lips touch , his arm tightens around my waist , fingers digging in to my hip .
tr	NNS	' But most of them have seen too many winters , as I have , or too few , as my son 's son here .
tr	NNS	""" But perhaps you know scientists on your world . """
tr	NNS	""" I have the thighs that ate Seattle . """
tr	NNS	As for responsibility , well ... humans always made changes .
tr	NNS	Still , I gave Carlos high marks for effort .
tr	NN	""" If you have immortality , why do you need divine protection ? """
tr	NN	The young woman picked up a coffeepot and brought it over to their table .
tr	NNS	I know my sisters and I did .
tr	NNS	I saw no tracks in the dirt , but it was probably because I was too far away to see them .
tr	NN	He 'd never wanted her pity .
tr	NN	There , he 'd do his duty , unloading and carrying , sometimes for clicks without a break .
tr	NN	Rebecca felt a scowl coming on .
tr	NN	""" Maybe you should find another accomplice ? """
tr	NNS	I heard a few murmurs at that , and some of the older girls glared at me .
tr	NN	And it didn 't involve anybody nearby at all !
tr	NNS	I wasn 't up for telling more lies today .
tr	NNS	It had fingernails that looked like claws and I was alarmed that its eyes didn 't look any smaller now that its head was bigger .
tr	NN	Every telltale sound in the darkness had brought his rifle up , ready to fire .
tr	NN	I twirled the pen around in my fingers .
tr	NNS	Her neighborhood friends probably fed her bits of news from time to time .
tr	NNS	It has elements we don 't even suspect .
tr	NN	I must keep my dagger from becoming trapped beneath its massive body .
tr	NN	She didn 't envy anyone the task of lifting her suitcase , let alone hurling it eight feet off the ground .
tr	NN	But the perpetrator always eluded law enforcement .
tr	NN	Clusters of dots speckled the landscape as far as the eye could see .
tr	NN	Around the windows , he could see a lone strand of Christmas lights .
tr	NN	John 's flying lesson .
tr	NN	He found a corkscrew , opened the bottle and poured himself a pale glass of wine .
tr	NNS	He flattened his palms on the table .
tr	NN	""" You can just wipe the video . """
tr	NN	You cannot put a butterfly under captivity or he will die .
tr	NNS	She could barely make out the twins in the shadows .
tr	NNS	He hastily followed the tracks of the spearmen , which lay plain in the damp loam before him .
tr	NN	She shut the fridge and moved over to the computer desk .
tr	NN	"Sides , we got the best stable in these parts . """
tr	NNS	"I eat cow brains ' ? """
tr	NNS	I 've had better offers , but I decided not to negotiate .
tr	NN	""" He had a stroke ."
tr	NNS	Sometimes he bagged a deer or an elk .
tr	NN	That afternoon she 'd had her assistant e-mail the contents of several files to her .
tr	NNS	She squeezed his tense biceps .
tr	NNS	"Or you can offer the cottages as part of the wages the guards receive from the village treasury or the tithes . """
tr	NN	It took all his self-control to throw on shorts , T-shirt and cross trainers and head for the hotel gym .
tr	NN	Lila holds up this really tacky pink fluffy rug with flowers on it .
tr	NNS	More important than tastes , we shared the same desires and dreams .
tr	NNS	The One That Got Away .
tr	NNS	She thought her daughter was now mostly over it , but rarely brought it up for fear it would cause more grief .
tr	NNS	I 'm combining ingredients that Doc told me were good for various things : fever , bee stings , snakebite , pain , swelling .
tr	NNS	I 've memorized dates for getting into clubs since the dawn of time .
tr	NNS	He bared his fangs at them .
tr	NNS	Gator could definitely melt hearts with that grin .
tr	NNS	"You nasty little critters -- ouch ! """
tr	NNS	The near-total blackness , dramatic and inexplicable changes to the landscape , the sense of lurking danger ... no , it was definitely not natural .
tr	NN	Then , a scream of frustration as the guard realised his elementary error .
tr	NNS	Ray changed positions with Tyler and glanced into the opening .
tr	NN	Jack tried the door knob , but it was locked .
tr	NNS	Jeff felt the soft mattress beneath his back and waited for the mind-numbing pain .
tr	NNS	He tossed the reins to me , touched his heels to his mount and took off toward the warriors .
tr	NNS	I took a few breaths to compose myself and opened the door to find my mother standing on the other side .
tr	NN	Deanna picked up the jack .
tr	NNS	With a skill born of experience , the scout ripped away the bindings and scooped up a passenger from behind .
tr	NNS	He made his motions deliberately casual , tucking his apron in the usual place and helping himself to a drink from the cooler .
tr	NN	The crews loaded up the remaining cargo from the raid and headed out to their ships .
tr	NN	He held off landing .
tr	NN	I haven 't forgotten my debt to you or Nicolette .
tr	NN	It quenched my thirst and it wasn 't water .
tr	NN	As soon as our eyes met , shivers ran down my spine .
tr	NN	He smiled , that gleam of a predator 's smile .
tr	NN	""" Take her outta of the building , Prewitt !"
tr	NNS	""" I 'd simply have the forms sent here for Andrew 's signature ."
tr	NN	Would you like a short presentation on the origins and meaning of the Sword Dance ?
tr	NN	A silver picture frame .
tr	NNS	I grabbed the wheels to roll off but she held me there .
tr	NN	( I don 't necessarily like the landing in bird poop part , but that 's just another incentive to keep you on your feet . )
tr	NNS	"Those girls have the brains of breath mints . """
tr	NNS	I hated arguments like this , so full of riddles and land mines .
tr	NN	""" You do need a haircut , Baby Boy . """
tr	NN	""" You don 't like chocolate ?"
tr	NNS	"She would make the best pies with those berries , my favorite dessert . """
tr	NN	He reversed the video for hours and never saw his brother enter .
tr	NNS	He picked apart the metal bits which had stuck together his watch every time he left the carpentry shop .
tr	NNS	The clerk punched a few numbers into the cash register and the drawer opened .
tr	NNS	""" Helps psychics too ."
tr	NN	He viewed opera as a garish and vulgar spectacle .
tr	NNS	I was leaving the confines of the pool for the fleshy limits of my new body .
tr	NN	"Marcus , this is the guy who 's going to help you , so show some respect . """
tr	NN	I tore my pistol from my belt and pointed the muzzle at the sergeant .
tr	NN	""" It would undoubtedly save your reputation ."
tr	NNS	""" But why only the Syrians have raised the prices ? """
tr	NN	Hank wouldn 't have a prayer .
tr	NN	"And gotten a toy . "" '"
tr	NNS	"Why did you act clueless ? """
tr	NN	Getting back to work I clicked open a silver briefcase on the bed beside me and brought out the first piece of my surveillance equipment .
tr	NNS	""" You can keep your Simon tales to yourself . """
tr	NN	But he showed respect to no others , not even his Keeper .
tr	NN	Now he had told me he 'd noticed every detail of what I looked like .
tr	NN	With one arm around her , he kissed her temple endearingly .
tr	NN	""" Without success . """
tr	NN	I don 't remember the funeral very well except , smiling faces and black everywhere .
tr	NN	""" Got a pizza for you ."
tr	NN	""" You have some twisted logic . """
tr	NN	He took his cap off and let his scraggly blonde hair out .
tr	NN	I stuck my fork into the perfectly cooked steak and popped a bite in my mouth .
tr	NN	""" Did you get the coded package about the Director I sent ? """
tr	NN	He tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear .
tr	NNS	"If he knows one of the equity partners at Little Bell , he probably has other connections too . """
tr	NN	Sybil gave this deep consideration .
tr	NN	In the days that followed , we five males who were left did win the entire goodwill of the people .
tr	NN	Jake gasped , Tasha twitched his belly .
tr	NNS	The year after Sylvie and James were married , James had brought up burial plots .
tr	NNS	We beheld the fangs in her mouth , tiny , yet sharp as knives .
tr	NNS	Operations , whoever they were , didn 't have their butts on the line .
tr	NNS	Ma put the steaming hot biscuits down on the table and my brothers who never seemed to learn a thing , started to grab for them greedily .
tr	NN	I could feel the cool breeze and mist created by the falls as it plummeted into the lake .
tr	NN	Just in case anyone in the area had a police scanner .
tr	NN	I let out a sharp moan .
tr	NN	He wanted liquor , not tepid tea .
tr	NN	She felt the prick of a needle .
tr	NNS	I 'm holding buckets while they retch .
tr	NN	He lifted his tankard and drained it without once taking it from his lips .
tr	NNS	"He confirmed his suspicions and confronted Hawthorne , threatening to reveal his treasonous intent for joining the agency . """
tr	NNS	Already , uniformed rescuers were making tracks to restore order , check for injured , with Cuervo and Brick leading the pack .
tr	NN	And look , we don 't even have any proof .
tr	NNS	said the wizards , in unison .
tr	NNS	""" I can give you back your powers ."
tr	NNS	He has also written critically-acclaimed horror novels and short stories under the pen name , G.R. Yeates .
tr	NNS	We would finish our classes and go out to the field to become acquainted with our planes .
tr	NN	He studied the large , flawless gem .
tr	NN	Stepping over the wet mail , he grabbed a towel from the rod , hitched it around his h * ps and took off after her .
tr	NN	After the Christmas holidays , they began their evaluation .
tr	NN	""" He has potential . """
tr	NNS	He could take the sentries out before they knew what hit them .
tr	NN	After he passed one over to her , he set a napkin on the countertop and placed two limes on it .
tr	NNS	High tech can explain all his tricks .
tr	NNS	I have the balls in this relationship , and I 'm not fucking blind !
tr	NN	At his car , he popped open the trunk and fished out the rifle he kept next to his shotgun and spare tire .
tr	NN	A female defending her mate was the most fearsome of Shifters , and whoever had done this to Sean didn 't yet know the meaning of terror .
tr	NNS	Stellan pressed his temples and turned to her .
tr	NN	On the last bar he strummed a chord but with a flick of the wrist knocked the guitar onto the back pickup and ramped its volume up .
tr	NN	It did climb up away into safety but there was definitely something wrong -- I could feel it .
tr	NN	"And I saw a medallion under Kiernan 's shirt - "" I stopped as Connor and Katherine simultaneously drew in sharp , startled breaths ."
tr	NN	"We 'll face a firing squad . """
tr	NN	Amber turned the monitor towards Paulette so that she could view the profile picture .
tr	NNS	His mouth drew her nipples into wet beads of sensual torment , punished by sharp little bites and soothed by his tongue .
tr	NN	I took the candle and placed the Tupperware container on the floor .
tr	NNS	With the future of her mother 's house still in the air , I was handling the payments until she could get back on her feet .
tr	NNS	I could feel his hardness pressing against my stomach , and I knew his little charade was turning him on as well .
tr	NNS	They spread the candles around the room , merely functional again .
tr	NNS	Creek consulted the directions they 'd printed off Fiji 's computer .
tr	NN	- Kapoor My reply : Venkat , tell the investigation committee they 'll have to do their witch-hunt without me .
tr	NN	His fingers strummed her nipple .
tr	NNS	We can 't read our diaries . '
tr	NNS	Many of the angels even developed incredible abilities just like Dr. Cook predicated , including flight .
tr	NN	"Or maybe nobody gives a crap if other horses pee . """
tr	NN	He gave the sheriff an arrogant glare .
tr	NN	Whatever it was brought a sad melancholy to his eyes .
tr	NNS	I filled three plates with the salad and then went out to see what she was looking at .
tr	NNS	"Please make my apologies to the chef . """
tr	NN	She turned , began pummeling me with her fists .
tr	NNS	I nod and view the weeds .
tr	NN	""" You see what I mean , "" Denise 's laugh held no humor ."
tr	NN	If the door to her room was ajar , and she opened that old antique chest , the fragrance of the wood would fill the entire dorm .
tr	NN	We could lament the fate of cake eternally , but that would not be conducive to the continuation of our chronicle .
tr	NN	We both knew the likelihood of me taking that was slim .
tr	NNS	Both men had their coats off , guns in full view .
tr	NNS	He stilled his movements .
tr	NNS	""" Have you finished all the chapter assignments yet ? """
tr	NN	He dropped his briefcase on the floor , watching as her startled gaze flew to his .
tr	NN	Thank goodness it was almost over .
tr	NNS	He saw the twins together on a mountaintop , and they were happy .
tr	NN	James kissed her knuckle and smiled .
tr	NNS	I cannot even feel its coolness as our bodies intertwine .
tr	NNS	I detached 28 panels from the solar farm and dragged them to the rover .
tr	NNS	She turned the handlebars and pressed the throttle with her thumb to its maximum position .
tr	NNS	"Though I admit , they usually tow crates , not people . """
tr	NN	Killed a bank teller while robbing the place , left two young boys without a father and a young wife with no husband .
tr	NN	"At ten weeks , she had a miscarriage . """
tr	NN	""" I like my paint on you , my golden doe , because I like how I put it on you ."
tr	NNS	""" She has healing powers !"
tr	NNS	She batters her eyelashes .
tr	NNS	I made my excuses and followed him .
tr	NNS	The guy had fangs and claws .
tr	NN	""" Only forced observation . """
tr	NN	""" I have this outfit ."
tr	NNS	"Ali carefully studied his credentials , "" She 's upstairs in my room ."
tr	NNS	Finally , I combed the knots out of my long hair and redid my ponytail .
tr	NNS	"But I mean robots that really look like a human being , in every detail . """
tr	NN	Then I pick up a razor that 's by my foot and break up the clumps with it .
tr	NN	""" You both have the same artistic talent . """
tr	NNS	Fresh and wind-blown snow had partially filled the tracks and trenches and body prints from the earlier party , making those marks seem shadows from a dream .
tr	NNS	He didn 't recognize the markings .
tr	NN	He 's done no harm to anyone .
tr	NNS	""" I figure once we get the power , we 'll reward our party members ."
tr	NNS	""" I can have the leaders of my enemies killed ."
tr	NN	Instead , he would share that joy with others and give them what he was denying her .
tr	NNS	But when I turn , the prickling stops stinging and crashes to the soles of my feet .
tr	NN	Her Barrett sniper rifle had an effective range of just over a mile .
tr	NNS	""" I didn 't leave any marks on your back ! """
tr	NNS	""" Don 't try putting it back together , I wrecked the insides doing that ."
tr	NNS	Her report gave me more specifics on the situation here , but the big picture wasn 't much different from what Roland had described .
tr	NNS	He 'd seen Smythe swindle unwitting traders at Quarry 's market before and didn 't want to fall victim to the same tricks .
tr	NN	Her adrenaline would probably help her whip through the rest of her tasks in three minutes or less .
tr	NN	Leaves and debris skid down the pavement , blow past me .
tr	NNS	' When did they switch teams ? '
tr	NN	Mikey mimicked the nod , eyes melancholy and brow furrowed .
tr	NN	She pushed the cake towards him , indicating it was all for him .
tr	NNS	He 'd had the D.C. folks jumping to do his bidding .
tr	NNS	They have markings on the material that is sent us sometimes and they say that it is perfectly possible to communicate by such markings .
tr	NNS	The guy has made billions .
tr	NNS	Earl has even more monitors at his side .
tr	NNS	He 'd sure hate to leave and later have to explain to an upset Uncle Ephraim he had made other arrangements .
tr	NNS	They strolled the shops , cafes and cinemas along the Avenue des Champs-Élysées .
tr	NN	He finished the last slice of Noah 's sausage .
tr	NNS	When I woke up yesterday morning , I had two texts .
tr	NNS	I drank the dregs of my cold tea and placed it in the sink .
tr	NNS	He was drinking the last drops from the veins of a young girl when he looked down and saw it was Hana .
tr	NNS	""" Oh , you know , I 've got errands to run . """
tr	NNS	Dipping his head , I felt the softest caress of his lips against my collarbone .
tr	NN	Tess found the effect to be in marginal taste but utterly charming .
tr	NN	Of course , no one in Last Chance ever called her Caroline .
tr	NN	""" Sophie Candy , the gal in the next cottage . """
tr	NN	No way would Courtney strip off her swimsuit in the shower , especially now .
tr	NNS	""" I always loved fashion magazines . """
tr	NN	Your lullaby would waken a drunken goblin !
tr	NNS	He called other drivers on CB radio , asking them how far the gridlock extended .
tr	NN	Tiny pastries and miniature sandwiches filled the pewter serving plates .
tr	NNS	Besides , we need supplies .
tr	NN	He caught the sphere , and Nia paid a price to protect us .
tr	NN	How did I not know about these sooner ?
tr	NNS	I 'm afraid he was drinking quite a bit then , gin and tonic , he brought his own supplies .
tr	NN	"I will say goodnight now and hope to see you next week . """
tr	NN	The tears I have been holding back flow .
tr	NNS	They 're called Old Men at Bendigo , and Sunbury Races .
tr	NN	I reached the landing .
tr	NNS	Giving unnecessary information out has ruined too many kingdoms .
tr	NN	A final rocket from the third chopper ended its misery .
tr	NN	I feel someone ram into me from behind and I am thrown to the ground on the other side .
tr	NN	""" I don 't like that neighborhood at all ."
tr	NN	""" Then maybe we need to talk about that , too , "" he said , the low growl of his voice half threat , half invitation ."
tr	NN	You should never take the Covenant until you 're ready .
tr	NNS	This dream involved dogs because he 'd recently had a bad experience with them .
tr	NN	""" Have you cleaned out the grease trap yet ? """
tr	NN	For committing a sin no greater than your own .
tr	NNS	"No free rides ! """
tr	NNS	""" You should bring the extras in or they 'll spoil ."
tr	NNS	"They called the runners up for the final . """
tr	NNS	More students wandered over to them , they dropped their trays down as their chairs squeaked over the linoleum floors .
tr	NNS	""" I assume no sisters , either ? """
tr	NNS	As one , the crawling kids let out a hiss .
tr	NN	Soon after , one could hear the cacophony of an approaching mob .
tr	NNS	There was always something to be done -- the carpet to clean , the ornaments to polish .
tr	NN	The white noise had its accompanying visual void , as well -- white light -- into which all action fell .
tr	NN	Gary smacked a rolled-up sheath of papers against his thigh .
tr	NNS	She flips forward a few pages , then opens a window in the glass and slides the book out to me .
tr	NN	""" How you say ... ' I like your bum ? ' """
tr	NN	He closed his useless eyes and trusted to his instincts , with his inner vision , he could almost see the landscape .
tr	NNS	""" You exceed my expectations . """
tr	NNS	""" Perhaps a certain minister was fixing prices ? """
tr	NNS	I tried one last dodge , hoping it might pay off .
tr	NN	The spikes definitely suited the woman 's frosted personality .
tr	NNS	""" Catcher has bigger issues on his mind right now , Mer . """
tr	NN	"I 've never before understood the true meaning of "" handsome devil . """
tr	NNS	Men have tick marks for each woman he beds .
tr	NNS	He held up the inside pages of the Enquirer and laughed .
tr	NN	Perhaps a Water Mage could feel the drain of his bath to find it was not dry .
tr	NN	He tossed the basket aside .
tr	NNS	I choose my photographs carefully ; I don 't know when I 'll get more film .
tr	NN	He 'd just reached his goal when someone called his name .
tr	NN	"Her death gives you a morsel of meat . """
tr	NNS	We built other caverns too .
tr	NN	If it would lead to marriage , if he would finally relent , quit all his opposition and arguments , and move into deeper water .
tr	NNS	She did not wish her servants to realize she was nearly always at the mercy of this arrogant gentleman .
tr	NNS	He would take logical arguments and extend them in directions that no one else would have thought relevant .
tr	NN	""" Oh , man , maybe I did break my butt . """
tr	NNS	"The detriments outweigh the benefits . """
tr	NNS	I had doubts about how well this was going to go .
tr	NNS	""" Then I have the food supplies to analyze . """
tr	NNS	So why not follow his instincts now when it came to Sara ?
tr	NNS	Finally , during one chilly morning meeting , Captain Bryant confirmed our worst fears and began describing our next operation .
tr	NNS	The shelves above had all sorts of vials of various sizes .
tr	NN	Into the darkness of the arboretum , following one of the narrow paved paths , the thief rolled the loaded cart .
tr	NNS	That would cover our tracks for sure if we needed to cross any more roads .
tr	NN	pierced our quiet romantic rendezvous .
tr	NN	She preferred indifferent mockery .
tr	NNS	Xavier successfully destroyed three ships in a matter of seconds .
tr	NN	But Cole and the others could cobble together a coven to stay protected if necessary .
tr	NN	"I do not have much patience right now . """
tr	NN	"Regardless , I do have another method of dealing with you , one that you shall likely find quite flattering . """
tr	NN	Let his light sweep over the grass .
tr	NN	His smile held no humor , nor did it light his eyes , but was a mere flash of strong white teeth .
tr	NN	""" So ... you don 't hate my haircut ? """
tr	NNS	' She didn 't like dogs . '
tr	NN	Kicking the snow out of the way from the front door , I grab the doorknob .
tr	NN	The silence returned , a snake that slithered around its prey and choked .
tr	NNS	We split the packs and remaining water , and soon she and Grady are heading slowly back down the trail .
tr	NNS	God , I hated bugs .
tr	NN	Shannon hated the clear logic because it pierced through the emotional haze clouding her vision .
tr	NNS	A hand -- gray , limp , and lifeless -- lay inches from my left foot .
tr	NNS	You and me , both with men , both about to have babies .
tr	NN	""" We don 't have any proof yet , but it sounds plausible . """
tr	NNS	""" Seven hundred dollars ."
tr	NNS	I can hear her background noises diminishing .
tr	NN	"He cursed the fox under his breath and then raised his voice , "" Back , my children , back to the camels . """
tr	NNS	""" Once the diamond medallion is invoked , Samantha , one would have all the powers of the vampire , without the shortcomings ."
tr	NN	She placed the dark chocolate on a chopping board and pulled out a knife , when her phone rang .
tr	NN	""" Callie planned the reception and Dylan arranged everything else . """
tr	NNS	Seeing lovers beside her bed .
tr	NNS	He had been keeping tabs on me .
tr	NN	Now he had just sent an email that would soon result in him moving out of his mother 's house and living the life of his dreams .
tr	NN	said the fox , sounding pleased with itself .
tr	NNS	I put the coins in and shakily dial the number , holding my breath while I wait for the call to connect .
tr	NN	She clutched the knob of the screen door , clinging to it for support .
tr	NNS	Many of the professors and researchers here on staff have developed experimental drugs which are being tested on patients .
tr	NNS	""" But , yes , I want cubs ."
tr	NN	No one hogged the mic .
tr	NNS	"What other items must you drag forth and force me to ponder ? """
tr	NN	""" I need protection , Mother . """
tr	NN	The other lifted his rifle and barked at them in Russian .
tr	NNS	I loved the small noises of effort and pleasure he made .
tr	NN	""" Sophia , thank god ."
tr	NN	""" Especially the timing . """
tr	NN	That night in bed , after Mandy kissed Buddy goodnight , she said a prayer of joyful thanksgiving .
tr	NNS	After all the centuries of aching for a child of her own , the Destroyer at long last had her desires granted .
tr	NNS	Dulcie got the giggles , too .
tr	NNS	' I said no groupies ! '
tr	NN	He kick-started the motorcycle to life .
tr	NNS	You see the targets directly in front of you ?
tr	NNS	' She was already losing her faculties when I came here .
tr	NN	Let 's summit the hill .
tr	NN	Her brief resistance held no substance .
tr	NNS	' And I 'll give you an extra hundred bucks if you keep the ride smooth . '
tr	NN	""" So you get the command to watch the video , but nothing to tell us what to do about it ? """
tr	NNS	When we get there , you 'll need all your wits about you .
tr	NNS	It took some adjustments with the seat and some colorful cursing from Suzy , but they were finally in the car and heading towards his new home .
tr	NNS	Clearly the leader sorely used his fellow members , taking advantage of their youth and exuberance .
tr	NN	Travis finally slowed the motorcycle , pulling onto a large grassy lot near the end of the block .
tr	NNS	I usher my companions to stand within the silver circle before going to the operation console .
tr	NN	""" Hello , "" I said , a yawn at the edge of each syllable ."
tr	NN	He tapped the jar with the pen Stuart had discarded .
tr	NN	For the first time since I 'd met Natalie , I saw terror in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Ilona took a few deep breaths trying to calm down but the panic she felt only heightened as she gulped in air .
tr	NN	I grabbed a clean nightgown and underwear and headed to the bathroom .
tr	NN	We 've already scheduled an appointment to look through an apartment in Downtown Detroit and a few others in the area .
tr	NN	A rush of emotion brought a lump to my throat .
tr	NN	He has a puzzle to solve and thinks you may be able to help us .
tr	NN	I do etiquette and protocol and I make a mean quiche .
tr	NNS	Spiegel wants the picture rights , too .
tr	NNS	Terri , Leigh , and Inez all wore traditional white wedding gowns in various styles .
tr	NNS	He mingled all sorts of learning ; and in that he was like our Arabic writers in the golden time .
tr	NN	""" And take my advice ."
tr	NN	""" Again , I have no proof , but it would seem that he had either stumbled upon this technology , or designed it himself . """
tr	NNS	I didn 't have those doubts in my head anymore .
tr	NNS	Show some balls , old son , and do this for him .
tr	NNS	"Deacon is at the cabin making marinated steaks . """
tr	NNS	Chapter Two The Beast My vision tunnels as it always does when I lose myself .
tr	NNS	She took deep breaths , straining to keep her mouth above water in the small space between the water and the ceiling .
tr	NN	He , too , understood his duty in that hour .
tr	NN	""" If you accept it , then you must also accept the destiny that comes with it ."
tr	NNS	We were consenting adults discussing a contract .
tr	NN	""" I lost the throne , essentially , because I wasn 't willing to lie . """
tr	NNS	I looked over at Camden and Javier , the wheels in my head turning .
tr	NN	And she had the most arrogant dragon in the universe .
tr	NN	No , I didn 't even consider that possibility .
tr	NNS	She disabled the sensors as she went , but it seemed like it didn 't matter .
tr	NNS	He stood only a few electric inches from my side .
tr	NNS	It had some weird numbers on it , which he didn 't understand .
tr	NNS	""" You 're giving me the creeps , Ashley ."
tr	NN	He wouldn 't get any resistance , then , so she 'd have to remain conscious .
tr	NN	Frozen , like a fish in a block of ice .
tr	NNS	If we do not handle this perfectly we force unnecessary dangers upon all of us .
tr	NNS	Lise fluttered her eyelashes at him .
tr	NN	Byron felt a prick of irritation at his wife 's words .
tr	NNS	Still , the boy had skills that were learned , not inherited .
tr	NNS	I had studied interrogation techniques .
tr	NNS	From what she said , you can expect half the city 's big wheels to be there tonight .
tr	NN	I 'd had only her welfare in mind , not anybody else 's .
tr	NN	Rand made an impatient gesture .
tr	NNS	He touched his chin whiskers and stroked them absentmindedly .
tr	NN	I grab a slice of pizza , a salad , and a couple cartons of chocolate milk .
tr	NNS	""" We get the army terms , but exactly what are we going to do to strike ? """
tr	NN	' I 've had some instruction as a physician , and I think the condition can be corrected . '
tr	NNS	She 'd taken many lovers and felt Samuel tense when a lovemaking image would flow through her thoughts .
tr	NNS	If there were invaders around , we could sneak in and get you some buckets without anyone raising an eye .
tr	NNS	She 's got incredible powers .
tr	NN	You radiate health and fertility .
tr	NNS	""" I have some business meetings in Boston this week ."
tr	NNS	""" We can always sip our coffees . """
tr	NNS	Wood scratches the palms of my hands and something tight grips my wrist .
tr	NNS	My website includes a few special extras for my extra special fans ( you are extra special , aren 't you ? ) .
tr	NN	Both Wendell and the blonde girl had empty bowls and soup spoons perched in their laps .
tr	NNS	""" I have several meetings ."
tr	NN	That required another code .
tr	NN	Since he is part of my family here , I must take responsibility for him .
tr	NNS	So he left the dishes on the table and headed outside , hoping to clear his head and decide what he was going to do next .
tr	NN	He had a nephew .
tr	NN	Let alone a video during that intimate activity like that .
tr	NNS	She yawns then slumps against the headboard .
tr	NN	Jane tied a pink bandana around her head to keep her wispy brown hair from shedding while she worked .
tr	NNS	His mind , though , created excuses for not being able .
tr	NN	I remembered the electricity between us a few nights ago and , real or not , I wanted to feel that passion again .
tr	NNS	She allowed her palms to slide over his h * ps and thighs as she knelt on the jeans in front of him .
tr	NNS	You changed the terms of our deal when I was under duress !
tr	NN	""" I 'd give up modeling to be with him ."
tr	NN	I shot an irritated glare toward the ambulance driver , hoping that Owen was still on the line .
tr	NN	~ Helga thrust a platter of whale meat into Astrid 's hands .
tr	NN	"I don 't have a reputation to protect . """
tr	NNS	Turbo and Stick would be laughing their butts off if they ever find out what happened .
tr	NN	Somewhere amongst the fields of blackness he felt a breeze on his face and in his hair .
tr	NNS	""" But if you need me , you tell the Crows and I 'll come . """
tr	NN	""" Did you bring your nephew ? """
tr	NN	Bill stretched a kink from his lower back and stepped to join them .
tr	NNS	Finn and Deke exchanged greetings and money , and then we all left Deke at the door to venture down the dark hallway .
tr	NNS	And , so far , I draw no conclusions .
tr	NN	She had a capacity for loving life that he hoped he 'd inherited .
tr	NNS	""" Did you see any buildings or any other people ? """
tr	NNS	I mimic his movements perfectly .
tr	NN	She gave a pretty good speech .
tr	NN	He gently placed the kitten in his bed .
tr	NN	He tugged the comforter over them .
tr	NNS	She looked daggers at me .
tr	NN	One of the men punched a code into a keypad , and an adjoining door slid open .
tr	NNS	They look like ... ghosts .
tr	NNS	The fish warriors wore heavy metal necklaces .
tr	NN	She needs a constant supply of magic to get strong again , at least that 's what her followers told me .
tr	NN	One shoulder higher than the other , a nasty curved spine .
tr	NN	' Oh my god , an iPod ! '
tr	NN	He ignored the pesky protest of his conscience .
tr	NNS	The next day I walk the hallways toward the abandoned classroom to meet Leo .
tr	NN	Someone behind me pulled my ponytail , wrenching back my head with a hot flush of pain that spilled down my neck like boiling water .
tr	NNS	""" They post all sorts of shit claiming to know everything about us . """
tr	NNS	""" What do you feel sums up your intentions for yourself ? """
tr	NN	"I concede defeat . """
tr	NN	The brown and white mutt sniffed the visitor and stopped barking when Braddock gave her a quick scratch behind the ear .
tr	NNS	I 've always had some suspicions about that .
tr	NN	"Now , we will finish the crow . """
tr	NNS	He laid down his cards .
tr	NNS	A row of canned foods , bagged foods , and junk food lined the shelves on her right .
tr	NNS	His mother , he had learned , didn 't like responses like this , even though they were truthful , and so he simply shrugged his shoulders .
tr	NNS	"Have you found all the possible molecules you can think of ? """
tr	NN	He let out a low growl of annoyance .
tr	NN	""" I want my mommy ! """
tr	NNS	Benjamin stoked the whiskers on his chin and glanced toward Tink and Nathan .
tr	NN	Micah took a swing at me , like he thought I 'd be distracted by Riley 's voice .
tr	NNS	I wiped my palms on my jeans and ignored the pricking of my skin .
tr	NNS	We pulled out our needles and string and started to stitch the hand back on to the wrist .
tr	NNS	Like Leslie , I had family members from all over the country migrate to the Old Gray Barn for reunions .
tr	NN	She also lost her patience while attempting to make him some complicated souffle that went tremendously badly however her foul-mouthed tirade after it collapsed was immensely entertaining .
tr	NN	She appreciated the patience he demonstrated and how he explained every step so she wouldn 't be frightened .
tr	NN	"asked the newsstand clerk , "" or are you just going to read them all for free ? """
tr	NN	""" It dulls the frontal lobe and permits the thalamus free activity ."
tr	NN	And Garrett didn 't need the extra hassle anyway .
tr	NNS	Puck , his shirt now a tattered mess , sheathed his daggers and glanced around with a satisfied smirk .
tr	NNS	He stepped up his efforts and flung hundreds of horrifying images at me , but I tossed them aside like garbage .
tr	NNS	""" Not all of us have fathers with reputations big enough to ride through on ."
tr	NN	Their handshake looked a bit brutal on both sides .
tr	NN	Why , for the life of me , did his remark fire up the electricity was beyond me .
tr	NNS	""" From the mouths of babes . """
tr	NNS	The resort had boasted several romantic excursion opportunities .
tr	NNS	""" Tim made some sandwiches . """
tr	NNS	I study the warring action figures arranged on the shelf above Gabe 's computers .
tr	NN	The bathroom gave me a dry heave .
tr	NN	She pushed the bolt on the door to , and only then did she make her way to the copper tub .
tr	NN	She has so much willpower , she was capable to do so much things but it 's not sure you would see her again so much pleasure .
tr	NN	"None of it had any meaning to me at the time . """
tr	NNS	Other books state similar themes .
tr	NNS	Begging and stealing shocked some members until the terms were more fully explained .
tr	NNS	These locusts did not attack crops or grass or trees .
tr	NNS	Even as I left the building , I was punching the addresses into my Smartphone for directions .
tr	NN	She could still have the fairy-tale reunion she 'd imagined .
tr	NN	Do not open this package , unless you have asked a Soul Reaper to tell you about the REAL details of the cure .
tr	NNS	I follow her directions , taking the staircase to the third floor , the lingering scent of industrial-grade cleaner trailing the entire way .
tr	NN	Johannes raised his pistol and fired at the container without warning .
tr	NNS	She stared daggers at his hand , which was literally pulling her up and out .
tr	NNS	"You 're having twins ! """
tr	NN	And gives me more material for this paper .
tr	NNS	As a result of this unremitting darkness , its population , my ancestors , had developed certain abilities allowing them to survive and function in complete obscurity .
tr	NNS	""" I haven 't noticed any issues . """
tr	NNS	I examine my surroundings .
tr	NN	""" I 'm having brunch with the AG in the morning ."
tr	NNS	She had more potential clients than she had time to work with , but how much fun is breaking into a building if you 're asked to ?
tr	NN	""" I withdraw the material relating to Moore 's death ."
tr	NN	I take a handful of candies and divide them up by color on my palm .
tr	NNS	""" I miss Will , "" said Tess suddenly to Maggie as she finished coring the apple and handed her sister half ."
tr	NN	Rolling onto her side , she checked the nightstand for a phone .
tr	NN	He had a remedy for the noise makers .
tr	NN	My voice exudes sincerity .
tr	NN	No , of course you don 't , so quit your bitching , and accept who you are .
tr	NNS	Wayne wasn 't taking any chances .
tr	NNS	I know the ties you have with Jones .
tr	NNS	Cain stood so abruptly , his dogs scattered .
tr	NNS	Sam would have broken down Kara 's defenses , charmed her out of her panties and then discarded her for his next conquest .
tr	NN	Jess brought out her passport .
tr	NNS	Deckard tossed his cigarettes to him .
tr	NNS	Cold blood covered her palms and seeped between her fingers .
tr	NN	I closed the trunk and then I walked over to her side of the car and then we looked around .
tr	NN	General G. opened the file and took out a large envelope containing photographs which he emptied on to the glass surface of the desk .
tr	NNS	Rifles at the ready , they carefully studied their surroundings but could see no signs of danger .
tr	NN	""" Don 't give me that crap ."
tr	NN	He had that effect , as if he were a magic elixir that erased all the bad .
tr	NNS	""" You can get the drugs into their drink ? """
tr	NN	said the Queen of Hearts .
tr	NNS	Your parents , your grandparents , dragged my ancestors in chains to your damned forests .
tr	NNS	The two of them had handheld microphones .
tr	NNS	He came close enough that I could smell his cologne , his face only inches from mine .
tr	NN	I read your manuscript , and I thought it was fantastique , so I put it on the new fiction editor 's desk .
tr	NN	"You finish that juice and get back to bed . """
tr	NNS	I miss the numbness .
tr	NN	It did not send its venom .
tr	NN	It had long ago shed its paint to turn a dirty wood gray in color .
tr	NN	Selena stared , her face void of expression .
tr	NNS	The Rosters had pushed politics on Alex since the moment he got into Purdue .
tr	NNS	She flattened her palms on his chest , on the softness of his robe , the hardness of his muscles .
tr	NNS	She found several other reports of attacks , but none that stood out as premeditated .
tr	NN	""" Done , "" said the sergeant , reluctantly ."
tr	NNS	He had discovered several Egyptian sites that had been buried for millennia , which fueled the controversy of Egypt 's origins .
tr	NN	Jane met Edward 's glare with unwavering eyes .
tr	NNS	""" Neither the gargoyle nor I can leave these tunnels , not until night has fallen ."
tr	NNS	Zane threw the covers over him .
tr	NN	They watched the clip again .
tr	NNS	I finally say , my mouths on a roll .
tr	NN	She held great affection and responsibility for her people .
tr	NNS	I 've been given two blood exchanges .
tr	NN	Before and above them stood the contraption in al its glory .
tr	NN	Edwin rode his hunger hard .
tr	NNS	In the drug trade , you don 't expect happy endings .
tr	NN	Without asking , she opened the refrigerator and brought out a big pitcher of lemonade , lemon slices floating on top .
tr	NN	It would crush Pia 's faith , too , and her belief in herself when this Portal didn 't open .
tr	NN	Danny immediately pulls a pen from his pocket and begins to cross it out .
tr	NNS	I will push my selfish fears aside and accept the bad with the good .
tr	NN	Then , from out of the final hangar , emerged the sleek hull of the shuttle .
tr	NNS	He bent his head to taste her , his wet hair bathing her inner thighs as he dragged her body closer to him .
tr	NN	Getting stinking drunk wouldn 't ease the ache in my heart , and it sure as hell wouldn 't make me feel better in the morning .
tr	NN	Chamberlain screamed hoarsely , his face looking very much like the hideous face of a butchered goat 's severed head .
tr	NNS	What I 'd taken for lasers being fired at our stern had been photon missiles from the flagship , aimed at decimating the ground .
tr	NN	She fought the urge to grab the end of his tie and pull him down on top of her where he belonged .
tr	NNS	I 've got 2 full batteries , all systems are go and I 've got 45 sols of driving ahead of me .
tr	NN	She could probably ride a bicycle if she wanted to .
tr	NNS	Its tail was making little splashes in the water .
tr	NN	"Will you read the document , or do I have to read it to you ? """
tr	NNS	""" Cougars and wolves make fierce allies ."
tr	NN	He never bought a soda or a cup of coffee or a hot dog in the mall .
tr	NNS	""" The one about living conditions among migrant orchard workers ."
tr	NN	Daryn muttered an oath .
tr	NN	""" She and Claire had a ... stylistic disagreement and have parted ways . """
tr	NNS	If Dad had his way , we 'd all ride bikes or invent some magical flying car with no emissions .
tr	NN	Usually I accomplished this task using skills I had learned as a nanny .
tr	NN	""" We 've no faith in cards , Gypsy ! """
tr	NNS	"They ate their sandwiches and dropped the baggie on the ground . """
tr	NNS	When Stark IT Systems came to campus in the final year , they valued extra-curricular activities more that grades .
tr	NN	""" Mandy , thank goodness you 're still there ."
tr	NN	""" My compliments to the chef , "" I told the server ."
tr	NN	She recognized the lord of the underworld 's scent .
tr	NNS	At least I have my cigarettes , and I light up as I step outside the café onto the busy street and look around .
tr	NN	Which twin was John or Martin ?
tr	NNS	""" But I have some designs ."
tr	NNS	You have billions of dollars riding on your shoulders .
tr	NN	Just the feel of his fingers on her caused a ripple of intense pleasure , a rush of dampness .
tr	NN	So , I did my traveling alone , which I didn 't mind so much .
tr	NN	Each summer had grown hotter , and the rains were not coming as often .
tr	NNS	"Checking out land deeds for a title company ? """
tr	NNS	"We are meeting some clients for dinner tonight . """
tr	NN	He wanted oral acknowledgment .
tr	NN	""" So somebody with such foreknowledge could 've easily laid this trap , ready to destroy the station at a whim . """
tr	NNS	I take a few deep breaths and take off again .
tr	NNS	She searched his pockets and found his driver 's license , which provided his name .
tr	NNS	Actually , Kylie had doubts about Miranda 's protecting abilities , but she wouldn 't dare say that .
tr	NNS	He 's taken all the samples he needs for any further testing we plan on doing .
tr	NNS	That still left two more power spikes , two more chances for Max to take her life .
tr	NN	He fought the urge to hold her to him , to trap her against his body so she couldn 't leave .
tr	NNS	""" I 've done the numbers ."
tr	NNS	He wrote the numbers down .
tr	NN	He gave her the short version .
tr	NNS	A skilled operator could carry out multiple operations within the light matrix generated by the sphere just by moving fingers .
tr	NN	""" He has the most incredible constitution I 've ever seen ."
tr	NN	And with that , Ox was gone , his big frame swallowed up in the darkness .
tr	NNS	Thirty minutes later , after having listened to Lori sneeze practically the entire time , he had two plates of spaghetti ready for both of them .
tr	NN	The angler , thinking the fish are biting , flexes his tremulous rod .
tr	NNS	""" And you can use our facilities to rehab the horse if you need to ."
tr	NN	She grabbed the hem of his trousers and yanked his foot free .
tr	NNS	I 'd never lost my senses like that before and I was both mortified and furious with myself .
tr	NNS	We 've seen no other vessels , apart from yours .
tr	NN	Looking up , he caught Savannah grinning at him , that impish , starry-eyed smile that was making him feel a part of a family unit .
tr	NN	Ella made a flourishing gesture at Xavier .
tr	NN	My worry had been building a solid knot in my gut .
tr	NNS	We 're revising the data accordingly .
tr	NN	They follow the Grizzly Spirit .
tr	NNS	They clashed blades , lightning sparked from their collision .
tr	NN	The stranger had the misfortune to die that very night .
tr	NN	Sera appreciated the thought immensely , but was a little confused as well .
tr	NN	Daniel felt a lump in his throat , remembering the encounter on the bluff .
tr	NN	Giant columns on the front of the house extended upward the full height of the construction .
tr	NNS	Perhaps she was already using spells .
tr	NNS	"Obscura gave us doctors for ... delivery . """
tr	NN	I turned the cube over in my hand .
tr	NN	""" Like a trance ? """
tr	NNS	""" It cost me five dollars from a street vendor , and I 'm pretty sure the chain is brass . """
tr	NNS	""" The prophecy never mentioned twins , Emily ."
tr	NN	He would call his lawyer in the morning and raise hell , but the entire episode would soon be forgotten .
tr	NN	"You make a frontal advance on the big ' un by asking her to dance , leaving me with a clear maneuvering field . """
tr	NN	I remembered the impulse that had pushed me back into the house against all common sense , the last-minute slam of that door .
tr	NNS	He brought up the raw data for the agents .
tr	NN	Sighing , I turned the faucet full blast and splashed cold water on my face .
tr	NNS	The Seraphim coach their servants to cultivate these impressions through trickery .
tr	NN	""" Usually when people wear shadow and liner that heavy , they wear mascara with it . """
tr	NNS	Girls flutter their eyelashes , flick their hair , and skim their eyes through the people to find a guy to take home .
tr	NNS	He set the plates down , and I shoved the memory away as I sat down in the chair closest to me .
tr	NN	""" Because , unlike the others , I have only one goal here ."
tr	NNS	"We 've got medical supplies in our jeep . """
tr	NNS	Lilly has connections you do not .
tr	NNS	He 's babbling all sorts of obscure pronouncements .
tr	NN	And cited Ben 's trial to back it up .
tr	NNS	But I didn 't really hear the noises of the night .
tr	NNS	He dug his fingernails in .
tr	NNS	""" I appreciated your directness . """
tr	NN	""" I don 't want your pity . """
tr	NNS	You have read these reports and you know what I say is true .
tr	NN	It paid minimum wage and the gamblers there were stingy locals who never tipped .
tr	NNS	""" I hate clubs and frat parties and drinking and all of that stuff ."
tr	NN	""" Who dares violate Apollo 's temple ? """
tr	NN	Her friend 's dramatic appearance , leaping half-naked into a tree , accompanied by a shower of silvery hunters , brought such joy and hope .
tr	NN	In return , my father took the jar of grape seed oil beside him and poured some over Wind 's head .
tr	NNS	She should have had all the scales out before she put on the armor .
tr	NNS	The explosion spilled the cards from the cabinets , whipping round the room in a maelstrom .
tr	NN	I swallow back the grief .
tr	NNS	The parents send their apologies for jumping to conclusions , and Colleen says thank you for bringing her home .
tr	NNS	They poured scented oils in her hair , and washed her skin with lavender soap .
tr	NN	I surveyed the playground equipment .
tr	NN	Ivan enjoyed his new toy .
tr	NN	She will not mean harm , but that does not guarantee it will not happen .
tr	NNS	I checked my new breakers and sure enough , all three had tripped .
tr	NNS	""" Only you would have multiple high-level contracts out on you , Hollis . """
tr	NNS	They beat spears against painted round shields as they screamed their displeasure at her .
tr	NNS	She finished the dishes and thought she would check on him .
tr	NN	She could feel his sorrow and worry for his oldest brother .
tr	NNS	To human eyes , this disappearance can take many forms , depending on the species of demon .
tr	NN	It had a close , intimate quality .
tr	NNS	""" Do I hear five hundred dollars ?"
tr	NNS	I had slowed the lioness with my breathing and my pulse , but the image that she put in my head was not very human .
tr	NNS	""" I 'm walking out the door with you , "" He told the seniors all that last semester ."
tr	NNS	""" Do you not trust the President 's motives ? """
tr	NN	Jim lifted a tarp .
tr	NN	She taps her temple .
tr	NNS	Ted hadn 't loaded the magazines with standard Soviet military ammo .
tr	NN	At the last possible second she plunged the razor-sharp instrument deep into his chest , straight into his heart .
tr	NNS	He couldn 't read the cards without the glasses .
tr	NNS	He stared daggers at our prisoner as she consumed the lion 's share of our meagre supplies .
tr	NN	The two older brothers played football for Winterbourne and had persuaded Alex to play for them and soon his skills were noted .
tr	NNS	""" Are we giving baseball signals so he 'll know what I find ? """
tr	NNS	We develop models to explain how these increasingly small regions of spacetime operate .
tr	NNS	""" And we can have some refreshments too . """
tr	NN	"I had much hunger . """
tr	NNS	Our chaplain took divinity classes , but that was about it . '
tr	NN	"I have a special affinity for a period that ranges from the fourteenth to the sixteenth century . """
tr	NNS	"He had changed the lyrics to "" Ms. "" instead of "" Mrs. "" and she was in danger of dissolving into a puddle under the table ."
tr	NNS	She now had 15 friend requests , mainly from people she went to school with .
tr	NNS	After tea a baked sweet dusted with sugar , he used the toilets out behind the establishment , then tried to decide what to do .
tr	NN	Normally , a captain never questioned the quartermaster in front of the crew or vice versa .
tr	NNS	""" Keep your wits about you , boy . """
tr	NNS	"An organic brain , however , can store data and use it thanks to complex neurological processes that human science doesn 't yet fully understand . """
tr	NNS	"I 'll get one or two changes of clothing to put with whatever you pack of yours . """
tr	NNS	This place was so old and dingy , it didn 't even have key cards .
tr	NN	Yet Isabella felt her shoulders slump as she expelled a deep breath .
tr	NNS	The farmer 's eldest daughter halved two apples and granted a half to each of the guests .
tr	NN	""" Which means that whoever was hanging around two and a half years ago has long since taken the treasure and vanished . """
tr	NNS	But if you don 't -- and I 'm giving you fair warning -- I have been taught skills you know nothing about .
tr	NNS	"You have made efforts -- you will go on making them . """
tr	NNS	""" He 's adding some more sensors ."
tr	NNS	I will do what I can if you need anything - just ask the servants to call me .
tr	NN	The stranger then pointed the pistol back at Elijah .
tr	NNS	Leave all her troubles behind .
tr	NN	He 'd wanted closure .
tr	NNS	The two teenagers , now off balance but still holding onto each other , hit their bikes hard .
tr	NNS	The exploding shrapnel took out huge chunks of the border wall ; the inmates who made it out of their cells just ran straight into the Wilds .
tr	NNS	I 'll take my chances .
tr	NN	She had a cap of dark hair and large , violet blue eyes .
tr	NNS	He rubbed her breasts , down her belly and even in between her legs .
tr	NN	I had the sensation of floating , of being stretched and reaching forward .
tr	NN	Of course , oldest client , valued customer , but the fact is that uh .
tr	NNS	He trusted Kaitlyn 's instincts , her loyalty to the coven .
tr	NN	Only through utmost focus and unrivalled determination will you achieve your echo and discover where your place is .
tr	NN	I feel something snap in Dante 's heart , a breaking of strings .
tr	NNS	I whispered , his face mere inches from mine .
tr	NNS	""" Did they see our tracks and timed the distance ? """
tr	NNS	Though they had no airships , Caldera had glorious and well-appointed seagoing vessels .
tr	NN	At one time their lives had been so entwined they 'd known every single detail about each other .
tr	NN	A tingling sense of familiarity spilled down her spine .
tr	NNS	She closed the blinds and turned back to him .
tr	NNS	She actually touched my reptilian scales as they seeped back into Shane 's body , like water down a drain .
tr	NN	""" You could have brought greatness to your world , but instead you chose to keep things exactly the same . """
tr	NN	The ladies surrendered their wraps to a footman , and the articles of clothing were whisked away .
tr	NNS	Like your people copy foreign cameras and things . '
tr	NN	After Ken cleared his throat , he made a formal introduction .
tr	NNS	The forest stood only a few yards away , the outlines of trees and bushes still visible , the dark not quite complete .
tr	NNS	I wrote down some call numbers and headed into the stacks .
tr	NNS	Aimee picks up the spray paint cans and holds them close to her .
tr	NNS	"If you want to convince her of those things , best have allies . """
tr	NNS	Hart pushed past Eleanor , his clothes smelling of stale smoke and whiskey .
tr	NN	Besides you have leftover pasta at the table .
tr	NNS	"* * * "" Mom , do we have the ingredients to make cookies ? """
tr	NN	Mac had only one option .
tr	NN	An exquisite thrill of fear travelled along Ransom 's spine .
tr	NN	I grabbed a pen and notepad from his desk and wrote down the warehouse 's address , then put both back on his desk .
tr	NNS	I don 't want any hysterical public confessions , and I absolutely forbid you to kill yourself .
tr	NNS	In the end , they bought a mattress , some dishware and some bedding .
tr	NNS	Harrison and Levi both found empty chairs to sit on .
tr	NNS	"You lot sure do have strange hospitality customs . """
tr	NNS	Her blade penetrated three inches into his abdomen .
tr	NN	"Did I lose my shoe there by chance ? """
tr	NNS	""" I have two conditions ."
tr	NN	She placed the vial into something that looked vaguely like a gun , and walked towards him ; he immediately felt nervous again .
tr	NN	Last of all he checked his wristwatch .
tr	NNS	I was getting more serious doubts by the day .
tr	NN	""" I get enough evangelical crap already . """
tr	NN	""" I don 't even need the chocolate . """
tr	NNS	She took a few deep breaths and smiled .
tr	NNS	She did not need her other senses to perceive the tension prowling through him .
tr	NN	He grasps his cock and begins to stroke himself .
tr	NN	"If al-Qaeda or another terrorist group were to discover this technology , we 'd need a scientist like Mr. Hutchins to protect us . """
tr	NNS	I collect two hundred dollars a week , and I barely get by .
tr	NN	The boy nodded his violently .
tr	NN	He checked his altitude again .
tr	NNS	Twice he 'd flown rescue missions out here , once for stranded fishermen , and another time to save capsized kayakers .
tr	NNS	Aunt Patrice has four sons .
tr	NNS	She noticed cameras , or what she knew were cameras , hidden by small black disks on the walls and ceiling .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , she fired off four crisp shots .
tr	NN	He only grunted his acknowledgment , probably thinking that the child was the product of a recent indiscretion .
tr	NNS	""" I didn 't aim the shots , but I got one of the employees , along with some interesting customers . """
tr	NNS	Ted crossed the final few yards in an instant , but so did the dogs .
tr	NNS	She rubbed her pounding temples .
tr	NNS	"You mean the classes you took when you were like six ? """
tr	NN	She picked up the painting and was about to put it back on the wall when something else caught her eye .
tr	NN	Eve closed the trunk , revealing a man standing directly beside her car .
tr	NN	They used their own equipment to make observations and come to their own conclusions .
tr	NN	""" Did she recognize the language ? """
tr	NNS	Ivan could hear the slow screeches and scratches the vampires were making .
tr	NN	Had she really thrown his entire speech back in his face ?
tr	NN	When it had come time for Jolene and Michael to purchase a home in which to raise their own family , she had never questioned the location .
tr	NN	The gusty wind snapping the tops of those plastic bags and whipping at Jasmine 's long hair had no effect on it .
tr	NNS	I had serious doubts .
tr	NNS	Hank let loose the reins , grabbed Kai 's wrist , and rolled out of the saddle downstream of the horse .
tr	NN	""" What the fuck is this ? """
tr	NN	You all could have the same leverage if you could learn how it works .
tr	NNS	She couldn 't see Fellows anywhere .
tr	NNS	He had made arrangements for Steve to bring a laundry basket up to the restaurant kitchen in five minutes .
tr	NN	After eight months of lessons , he still had a wicked slice .
tr	NN	Ducking under the sail , thrashing wildly with his suit , Jason could only glimpse the blitzkrieg poor Mandy was enduring .
tr	NNS	Last time I 'd seen her , she 'd offered me biscuits .
tr	NN	""" How long do we keep these activated ? """
tr	NNS	No matter how emotional she was right now , she couldn 't put her babies in jeopardy .
tr	NN	The axe was cutting out a large chunk of marble , which was almost ready to fall to the ground .
tr	NNS	Hiding from myself , that dream ... my desires .
tr	NNS	""" Sometimes we do family trips to the beach . """
tr	NNS	"Mom , he carries brass knuckles in both pockets ! """
tr	NN	Father dropped his fork on the plate as a psychological effect that would suggest sudden outrage .
tr	NN	""" Now , where did I put that butter ? """
tr	NNS	It always makes my insides hurt to hear her talk of her life before Mom and Dad took her in .
tr	NNS	We checked out our meals .
tr	NNS	As she ran , Beth directed small fountains of water onto the flames .
tr	NN	Coming up dry there , he cast a wider net , and ventured out into other local establishments , including barbershops , and bait shops .
tr	NN	""" I couldn 't help bragging to him , Spence . """
tr	NN	"Do vampires eat porridge and stew ? """
tr	NN	She was taking his full measure and he felt it keenly , and the tears almost sprang to his eyes , too .
tr	NNS	""" I grew three inches . """
tr	NN	"I tell the waitress I really want a beer , a tall draft , and Nathan hesitates before saying , "" The same . """
tr	NN	She fought back the urge to scream .
tr	NN	""" Have some faith , Miranda ."
tr	NNS	They 'd had sons stolen from them too .
tr	NN	He had the biggest smirk on his face , like he knew what we 'd gotten up to . .
tr	NNS	They picked up several competing currents at once .
tr	NN	They hit the North Beach cafe well before the dinner rush , and easily scored a table by the glass doors .
tr	NNS	Ben handed over his items , paid , and then left the store .
tr	NNS	He wanted no further delays .
tr	NNS	""" You like the gargoyles ? """
tr	NN	"I 'll also be leaving a handful of warriors to guard Cadmus when we leave in the morning to search for the sword . """
tr	NN	"Just pop your trunk and I 'll get inside and close it . """
tr	NNS	It had dark , worn wood floors and tons of windows .
tr	NN	This could only go more down hill .
tr	NN	He was wreaking havoc with her body .
tr	NNS	Shortly after the sun sets , the stranger 's breathing changes .
tr	NNS	Waitresses wrote novels at night that would make them famous .
tr	NN	He let out a muffled groan and shook his head from side to side .
tr	NNS	' I love birds ' you think to yourself , ' and eagles ' .
tr	NNS	""" Maddy has skills that should assist your journey ."
tr	NN	In the first place , he had no proof that she was the one who set the fire .
tr	NN	""" Oh , thank goodness it 's you , Lily ! """
tr	NNS	because he was poaching deer .
tr	NNS	She put biscuits in the oven , whipped four eggs for scrambling , then peeled and sliced a cantaloupe .
tr	NNS	""" Pull the wheels off ! """
tr	NN	What else could explain their permanent confinement ?
tr	NN	I straighten my spine , clasp my hands behind my back as I wait for my bride to make her appearance .
tr	NN	"I am demanding full partnership status . """
tr	NN	Elec well remembered the first demonstration of its magic and he nodded in satisfaction at that .
tr	NNS	Shaking herself awake , she led her cats to the kitchen where the boarded up window was a depressing reminder of the previous evenings events .
tr	NNS	""" Please , everyone , enjoy yourselves ."
tr	NNS	""" Then I 'll make the arrangements ."
tr	NNS	He had a few suspicions about that .
tr	NNS	I pushed the mats off the floor .
tr	NN	""" I need a favor . """
tr	NN	He 'd invaded my privacy and used my private words against me .
tr	NNS	But I don 't have those skills .
tr	NNS	Who could have foreseen the changes in Pandora , the changes in Flattery then ?
tr	NN	He brings the needle over to me and grabs my arm .
tr	NNS	He handed the fellow a few coins .
tr	NNS	""" We 'll remove the license plates . """
tr	NN	The full moon and the crescent moon get all the publicity .
tr	NN	Tom pushed a little forward , round face intent .
tr	NN	It dented our hull .
tr	NN	The man was wearing a naval uniform .
tr	NN	They each removed a boot and , after counting down from three , hurled it across the beach .
tr	NN	But , knowing her , it would only strengthen her resolve .
tr	NNS	""" Goliath paid nine hundred dollars to Houston General ."
tr	NN	I said a quick and brief prayer and waited for the worst to happen .
tr	NN	This time she bypassed the stairwell we had used to go over the massive central room .
tr	NN	""" And we still need a keyboard player ."
tr	NN	"Pa and me would take the "" e "" off the end of butte and pronounce it like the word , butt ."
tr	NN	""" Sylvia and I had an amicable parting of the ways ."
tr	NN	His eyes wander over the vast lab , trying to grasp the enormity of the facility he 's heard so much about .
tr	NNS	The smell of new leather assaults my senses .
tr	NN	That meant the hill ahead , only place they could go .
tr	NNS	The denser part of town filled the flats below us .
tr	NNS	Chase gripped the firm globes of her ass , kneading the flesh through the thin , skintight fabric of her knee-length yoga pants .
tr	NN	"I need a favor , though . """
tr	NN	I used a sophisticated method to remove sections of plastic ( hammer ) , then carefully removed the solid foam insulation ( hammer again ) .
tr	NN	Robert drew a dagger from his sleeve .
tr	NN	""" Mack , you 're trying to tell me that Talia , who weighs a hundred pounds , beat the crap out of you ? """
tr	NN	The scorpion crawled up the sole of her shoe and onto her ankle .
tr	NN	Sneaking in , we make a diagram of the area .
tr	NN	The wolves had made a truce with him long ago .
tr	NNS	""" On Monday , we shall visit the shops of Edinburgh ."
tr	NNS	They placed their palms against each other .
tr	NN	""" Did you kill anybody ? """
tr	NNS	This allowed the seeds to absorb the DNA of each family member .
tr	NN	""" Can you prove your claim ? """
tr	NNS	""" I never expected the burdens of leadership to come so soon and be so heavy ."
tr	NN	It also had an abundance of homeless .
tr	NN	I 'd read the file on Claudia Chow .
tr	NNS	""" I was merely complimenting your reporting skills ."
tr	NN	He removed the back casing from Daniel 's watch and picked up one of the discs with the tweezers .
tr	NNS	If they sank them into you , however , they locked their jaws .
tr	NNS	But she wouldn 't voice her suspicions , because she wasn 't sure what would happen if the reporting on her activities suddenly stopped .
tr	NN	Nodding , the girl handed him the damp linen she had been using to bathe Helen 's back and turned to slip silently out of the room .
tr	NNS	It snapped its jaws together with an audible crunch that the Red Lady heard above the din of the ringing sword against armor .
tr	NNS	He doesn 't plan dates .
tr	NN	With a grimace , he acknowledged the justice of my question .
tr	NN	Somehow , Anon 's voice was audible both telepathically , and physically .
tr	NNS	That he could see her nipples through the thin layer of her shirt ?
tr	NN	An hour later they recognized defeat .
tr	NN	Maybe I can handle a little ole snake .
tr	NNS	The simple earrings matched the studs on her gown , and now her outfit was complete .
tr	NN	Now he 's taking a paper towel and carefully drying each hand like it 's some kind of ritual .
tr	NN	Rest and check your bleeding .
tr	NNS	Some prepared medical supplies and excavation equipment to be taken down into the Undercity .
tr	NNS	She was drinking cosmos , which were a little too fruity for my tastes .
tr	NN	"I 'll bring the Cup back . """
tr	NN	""" Launch and periscope depth . """
tr	NNS	She could gather supplies and go back to help Ned .
tr	NNS	Use your remarkable talents to do good for others .
tr	NNS	I tensed my thighs , pulsing them while I thought .
tr	NNS	""" We can 't afford any accidents , okay ? """
tr	NN	He slammed the receiver back into its cradle and struggled for calm .
tr	NN	She didn 't want her necklace marred .
tr	NN	She smells faintly of lavender and vanilla .
tr	NNS	After talking to many of you over the last month , I know a few of you have already figured out you are missing cattle .
tr	NN	I have never used the phrase time crunch before .
tr	NN	He couldn 't imagine her torment , knowing her mother was willing to dig out her own daughter 's skeletons to get what she wanted .
tr	NN	""" Being truly mated doesn 't guarantee pregnancy ."
tr	NNS	I threw the biscuits on a cookie sheet , and then placed them in the oven .
tr	NNS	Sam wouldn 't tolerate the servers being pawed or insulted .
tr	NNS	Once they saw the river would head south again , they beached their canoes and took a well-deserved rest .
tr	NN	""" I put a towel in the bathroom for you ."
tr	NN	""" If his killer were known , it would cause outrage among the makers , who do not clearly see how he has betrayed them ."
tr	NNS	""" But we can send data to Watney , and have him enter it in to the rover . """
tr	NNS	Ethan rubbed his temples .
tr	NN	""" But can 't you see it 's fate ? """
tr	NN	No matter how bad things get , she always takes the sorrow away and clears your head .
va	NN	At any other time his heated look would have made her shiver with awareness and pleasure .
va	NNS	"I 'd lay you odds she went to the hospital to see what was going on . """
va	NN	The senior Rosen 's nervousness buoyed up his own confidence .
va	NNS	It didn 't come in on the same line the usual helicopters used , but it was a sight for sore eyes , nevertheless .
va	NNS	Some of the African countries still had their former colonial identities .
va	NN	With narrowed eyes the man used his spoon to point at the jug on the table .
va	NN	"I hadn 't forgotten her "" life-or-death "" comment and was beginning to grow nervous ."
va	NNS	"He doesn 't need martial arts to get around in the world . """
va	NNS	After the call , jubilation filled those hollow spaces inside her , shining a warm light into that dark vacuum .
va	NN	""" That just confirms my theory . """
va	NNS	On the second row , behind them , sat the younger braves and older men of the village .
va	NNS	Eventually they 'd be tracking down demons and fairies and ... And what about Nick ?
va	NNS	I had maybe one minute tops to get what I needed and get the hell out .
va	NNS	The interior was dark , small lamps on each table formed glowing circles of light .
va	NN	"Give me , oh ... "" I checked the kills ."
va	NNS	"Why don 't you grab some girlfriends and head over ? """
va	NN	But I do have a spray of freckles across my nose and cheeks that no amount of makeup ever seems to cover up .
va	NNS	She pushed herself back , upwards against his pillows .
va	NN	""" I 'll take the bus so I can time out the route ."
va	NNS	We found a dozen small crosses over here , but there 's nothing written on them .
va	NN	Tina took a deep drag on the cigarette .
va	NN	He crooked his other elbow at her , and Alma slid her hand around his arm .
va	NN	He took another sip of his beer , and his voice took on a more serious aspect .
va	NN	A sound like water bubbling .
va	NNS	""" The palace has too many doorways and passages ."
va	NN	He tore out a page from the book and stuffed it into a pocket area hidden on the inside of his armors chest plate .
va	NN	He slid the zipper down and peeled back the denim .
va	NNS	If ' We ' cannot pay-off the loans in the first-place ?
va	NNS	' You 've rejected all the couples that have come to you .
va	NN	I swallow my toast and take a sip of tea .
va	NN	Twirling the stem of his glass , he watched the liquid swirl inside .
va	NNS	If I 'd bothered to bring a gun , I could have easily put three bullets in his chest from here .
va	NNS	I saw my paintings almost immediately , once I started looking .
va	NNS	"I want cherries ! """
va	NNS	""" Take down your trousers . """
va	NNS	His blistered skin throbbed incessantly .
va	NNS	The gorillas used sign and sound combinations to convey information .
va	NN	His body language communicated great pride and confidence .
va	NNS	Hailey doesn 't stop or show any signs of discomfort .
va	NN	His finger performs this swipe on the back of my hand that sends an electric shock through my body .
va	NN	She tossed a wink at Lauren .
va	NNS	"Why wasn 't I told , who gave the order , the Vincent receiving instructions and we 're not . """
va	NNS	She touched their minds .
va	NNS	In fact , he might just kill Gaius before he could convince him that the fiasco wasn 't his fault .
va	NNS	Gave her little presents and made her laugh .
va	NNS	Ry 's fingers might as well have been charged with electricity , they were sending tingles everywhere .
va	NN	"When Tony was satisfied that there wasn 't a threat to himself or the other officers he picked up his radio and said "" code four . """
va	NNS	""" And the possibility of the other spirit could be making its own preparations as welt , couldn 't it ? """
va	NN	I took a sip of my water and almost choked on it .
va	NNS	He watched her lashes lower , fanning her cheeks .
va	NN	Gottfried stood upright with his arms folded behind his back .
va	NNS	Just a few years earlier , she and Callie toured mansions like this one , awestruck by their beauty and the people who had once owned them .
va	NNS	I left the chains , my overactive imagination not needing to see any more , and something on the water caught my eye .
va	NNS	Someone else knows the codes to the locked doors .
va	NN	He couldn 't keep his balance and was about to fall forward .
va	NNS	He drew the blankets closer around his shoulders , turned onto his belly , concentrated on drawing slow , deep breaths to calm his pulse .
va	NN	"I was teaching ancient Greece and philosophy to the monks in the monastery and was not involved in any protective activities . """
va	NN	The first few times she asked for strange foods , I tore the Vale apart looking for them .
va	NNS	The barest contact sent tingles through her .
va	NN	He opened the medicine cabinet behind the beveled mirror in the bathroom .
va	NNS	The hollow drove its tongues into the ground and sprang upward .
va	NN	The females gave birth twice a year , most of the babies die at an early age , so they need to keep the females pregnant .
va	NN	""" Your world 's people have a habit of trying to explain everything ."
va	NN	Gregor pulled the prophecy from his pocket .
va	NNS	George watched Agnes with evident amusement .
va	NNS	This caused many epic battles between them , eventually leading to God banishing her from Eden and then creating Eve .
va	NNS	This surprises the Russian pilots , prompting them to start their engines .
va	NN	However , I understand the difficulty of competing with undergraduates .
va	NN	He laid an elbow on the bar with a glance at the bartender .
va	NNS	I had enough employees that on days like these I could stay home with my family .
va	NNS	It opens up the channels between the normal and the paranormal , allowing access to the reserves of energy available at the far end of the spectrum .
va	NN	Perhaps , I should have brought that prisoner with me and he would have shown me how to open it .
va	NN	"If I get a new judge , too , on top of everything ? """
va	NN	Ellie felt a familiar tendril of fear in her stomach .
va	NN	He acquired a wardrobe of vampire garments .
va	NNS	I checked out my nails after we had climbed back in the truck .
va	NNS	I could no longer see the snowflakes falling .
va	NNS	Kate admired the high ceilings , elegant crystal chandeliers , and massive buffet where an array of seafood chilled on ice among beautifully cut sculptures .
va	NNS	The birds sang a hundred songs , and everyone waved at Polly .
va	NNS	Don 't get any funny ideas .
va	NN	Though it didn 't sound like a request .
va	NNS	Misty grabbed the vines and pulled too .
va	NNS	' So there were extenuating circumstances . '
va	NN	If you try it twice , he 'll make a complaint to your mistress . '
va	NN	Well then , a bunch of the players had this misguided alliance to their fallen teammate and well , to put it bluntly , quit .
va	NNS	I have had stronger forces than you come after me and no one has been able to touch me for thousands of years .
va	NNS	Peter Whitney 's voice narrated his observations on the tape .
va	NN	""" We can take advantage of that for now ."
va	NNS	She appreciated the updated showers and wondered when the bathrooms had been restored .
va	NNS	He would take matters into his own hands .
va	NNS	Based on our findings , we make recommendations for improvements , all this being done virtually incognito .
va	NN	As soon as I 'm up and showered , I give his room a call , hoping we can have a chat and sort things out .
va	NN	The ability to wipe out the norm , force a clean slate .
va	NN	"He broke the ultimate law . """
va	NNS	We have fought many battles and have won them in order to get to this point , this place in which we are so happy .
va	NN	He took aim with his one good eye and fired .
va	NNS	I hear footsteps and a thud against the wall outside my bedroom .
va	NNS	With quick , efficient movements , he folded the horse blankets and tossed them over the wall .
va	NN	""" So you 're leading the rebellion now ? """
va	NNS	"I 'd put out enough warning cones to stop Napoleon 's army . """
va	NN	Tossing a twenty on her vanity , he jammed his hat on his head .
va	NNS	Then , studiously and laboriously , he had fixed all these workings into his chosen puppets .
va	NNS	He had reviewed all the messages between Wall and Swanson so he put a link between them and added a few comment boxes that detailed the communication .
va	NN	He picked another twig from the bush and twirled it around with his fingers .
va	NNS	""" Uh , they 'd probably riot and go nuts . """
va	NN	""" I have an idea Danny . """
va	NN	And she 'd missed a lone tendril .
va	NNS	He braced his forearms on the edge of the table .
va	NN	Because I 'm getting this strange vibe from you .
va	NNS	""" Then I 'll just call Diggs and tell him what 's going on . """
va	NNS	The madness invaded their minds as they hurried to the house where Toni 's mom used to live .
va	NN	Revealing that I 'm alive to the general public would certainly cause a stir .
va	NNS	We all recognized the rightness of that choice , but the American loved to chide us just the same .
va	NNS	Lopez took off his sunglasses .
va	NN	As he drew back to lop the boy 's head off , steel met steel .
va	NNS	His thumb makes small circles on the back of my hand .
va	NN	49 did not move an inch , but its breathing increased ever so slightly .
va	NN	She could see the steely determination glinting even from far away .
va	NNS	The wagons followed the marching troops and only a small contingent of mounted troops guarded the rear .
va	NN	No wonder Amanda didn 't have a fever .
va	NNS	Instead she grabbed two menus and waved us toward the back of the small cafe as we followed her lead .
va	NNS	Brick sent further instructions .
va	NNS	"She had safety precautions up the proverbial . """
va	NN	Rebecca stirred another packet of sugar into her coffee because it gave her a way to occupy her hands .
va	NNS	"I 've been working Space Station projects since I left college . """
va	NNS	Knowing Lukas , loving him , even for that short time , was worth all the doubts and misery and loneliness that had followed .
va	NN	The monster stood upright , a dreadful smile on his face , as he sneered down at the limp and unmoving Knight .
va	NN	Savannah had never hunted the undead .
va	NN	"Thank the Master , not me . """
va	NNS	""" Should I wish the Steward of this court my congratulations or condolences ? """
va	NN	Dave lagged his birdie putt to three feet and putted out for par .
va	NNS	He locked gazes with Hunter .
va	NNS	I had already finalised my preparations to move out . '
va	NNS	She loved the animals more than herself and I could see it in her .
va	NNS	She 'd attended hundreds of grand rounds in her life , and the patients were invariably asked if the doctors peering down at them made them nervous .
va	NN	I scrambled up a bank to get a better view .
va	NN	He better not drop a bomb on us today .
va	NN	Durr had a passion for saltwater fishing , and spent many hours on his boat , in the sun .
va	NNS	Follow my instructions ... I want you to think of the place we met a few weeks ago .
va	NN	Belinda felt awareness skate over her skin , a good deal of which was exposed .
va	NN	""" Completely , "" she said , the yearning inside her building to unbearable proportions ."
va	NNS	""" Nonsense , "" Grandma Turner said briskly ."
va	NN	He held up a long plastic tube sealed at each end , and Kat 's stomach flipped again .
va	NNS	""" Could I write poems about igneous rocks ?"
va	NN	I grabbed a tube of ketchup from the kitchen table , opened the cap , and aimed it at her .
va	NNS	I quickly counted the bottles .
va	NNS	He caught her stays next , loosening them with a dexterity born of experience .
va	NNS	I even hear insects burrowing through the earth and the wispy fluttering of butterfly wings that no human would ever be able to hear .
va	NN	The willowy bride gave the minister a gentle tap on the arm .
va	NNS	They set out watches and checked over saddles and equipment .
va	NN	He took the jewel out of his pocket and held it out to her .
va	NNS	He had changed jobs to get away from harassment and interruptions .
va	NN	In the ninth alien time line , I did not see her tiara , either .
va	NN	I lost my temper and I threw him on the ground .
va	NN	""" Took a jog through the woods . """
va	NN	Ashlyn gave no indication that she 'd heard him and certainly no hint of her intentions .
va	NN	I hadn 't trusted Jude , I hadn 't given him the benefit of the doubt before .
va	NNS	They are all showing signs of the parasite too , but not like Marci .
va	NNS	""" Saved tons of them ."
va	NN	Behind Gray , crime tape still marked off the site of the afternoon 's murder .
va	NN	I adjusted my helmet .
va	NNS	He saw the links that wove together the invading army , the creatures , the forest , and himself .
va	NNS	""" I need exact measurements . """
va	NNS	"The first one of you who brings home a bride will get 200 acres near the river to do with exactly as you see fit . """
va	NNS	He wanted these vamps to be nothing more than ash in the wind .
va	NN	The tattoos there and on her face were slowly growing brighter , and had turned a shade of medium scarlet .
va	NNS	My mother had known the risks .
va	NNS	The mesh restraint stretched up ten metres , and away towards the river and back where they had come from .
va	NN	She popped a shrimp in her mouth and chewed .
va	NNS	"I just omitted a few facts . """
va	NN	He turned another page .
va	NN	I didn 't like his insistence that I call him by name and not title .
va	NN	I mostly watch crappy 70 's TV .
va	NNS	She usually loved lunches with Jennie -- she always had great gossip and funny stories .
va	NNS	Then after the fire burned down , he shoveled hot embers into a metal garbage can .
va	NNS	She examines her nails closely , pretending to be deeply fixated on them .
va	NN	Her words sent a shiver through my body , taking the fight out of me .
va	NN	As promised , Sofie immediately pulled the cord off Max .
va	NN	Ethan dropped his spoon and drummed his fingers on the table .
va	NN	The whole place had a constant , unpleasant stench , so thankfully for Timmy , George 's business just blended in .
va	NN	"Adam ignored his comment and said , "" You 're gon na mess her up . """
va	NN	He handed her the messenger that she usually carried at her hip .
va	NNS	Our food arrives , quantities of it .
va	NN	You mentioned a birthday .
va	NNS	Her eyes flickered upwards , coyly gauging his reaction .
va	NNS	I see the demons trying to grab him once more , but he passes right through and lands with a final thud on the deck .
va	NN	Before the last silver chain fell , Vlad picked up a lengthy wooden pole and rammed it the long way through Shrapnel 's midsection .
va	NNS	Intermittent sconces sent small half spheres of light glowing yellow-orange against the oiled , dark wood .
va	NN	""" I have a limousine waiting for you outside ."
va	NNS	Chapter Two On Friday night Reyes straightened immaculate cuffs , held together by black onyx links .
va	NN	Roth bit off a ripe curse .
va	NNS	My Daddy squats under the island table then places cold water bottles on the marble .
va	NN	Naturally , Kaylee had no real intention of staying with the group of civilians .
va	NN	She shone the flashlight through the little window in the door .
va	NN	He ruled the remark out of order , but he could not order twelve men to not hear what they had just heard .
va	NN	' You weren 't given permission to talk . '
va	NN	I had a revelation .
va	NN	She touched the delicate necklace at her neck and I thought of Patience .
va	NNS	' High ' , then pulled down his shorts and hung his manhood inches from my face .
va	NN	I pull up my sleeve to show the metal band around my wrist .
va	NNS	"Behind the barrels ! """
va	NNS	Charlie , aged three , had loved fire trucks .
va	NN	So I skipped eighth period and walked to Kristin 's house .
va	NNS	""" Tina , I don 't do text messages , because I 'm an adult ."
va	NN	She forced her concentration back to the task at hand , refusing to listen to Carlo 's conversation anymore .
va	NNS	I save ten bolts for emergency , just in case I need them .
va	NN	I am very active and athletic , work at a ski resort , I teach skiing and also work on the first aid team .
va	NNS	Neither pulls rabbits out of hats .
va	NN	Both Mia and Melissa let out a shriek .
va	NN	Little get-togethers like this help feed the illusion and they talk about how things are , how they should be .
va	NN	Think up something believable , tonight .
va	NN	""" No one wants murderer ."
va	NN	He studied every inch of her .
va	NN	Izzy put the sling into a crawl towards the smoke .
va	NN	"Let 's break down your issue into sub points , what is troubling you ? """
va	NNS	Instead of torturing myself with useless wishes for something that couldn 't be , I could face the hard facts and force myself to keep going .
va	NNS	He felt the blackness of death descend over him and as he died , he heard her last whispered words .
va	NN	When Sue returned to the TV station in LA , she had a pile of messages and voice mails waiting .
va	NN	""" Got a theory on that ? """
va	NN	After a series of infidelities , and an illegitimate son , Jean had reached her limit .
va	NNS	Most pairs can find common bonds to last in a short term .
va	NNS	""" I hope you two will change your minds ."
va	NNS	""" We 've faced impossible odds before . """
va	NN	Knowing what was under the bra , I let my fingers slide underneath to lift the bra off of those perky tits .
va	NNS	Stephanie 's legs had both qualities of muscle and that of being a woman .
va	NNS	Every publication carried articles about how they had ruined Lake Blue Leaf and how a human rights violation was taking place in Kingston .
va	NNS	No , I can 't read minds over the telephone line , but I could read it in his voice .
va	NN	He gave her a tour all right .
va	NN	""" He 's just protecting the Company 's investment . """
va	NNS	With a curt nod after confirming her story , they used their badges to let her through .
va	NNS	Virgil knitted his brows and bent over the neat rows of figures in the most recent account book .
va	NNS	The trespasser had sunk its claws into the ground as it turned on its foot and dashed off .
va	NN	She heard a wolf howl as if in pain .
va	NNS	""" What a gruesome tragedy , "" muttered Nina , she grabbed the dry branches , which broke like a burnt bush ."
va	NNS	The doctor got out the shotgun pellets .
va	NNS	I 've milked cows .
va	NN	She lets out a huge exhale .
va	NNS	She remembers Willem 's sadness last summer .
va	NNS	Large shelving units held the boxes into well-organized groups and each was labeled with a date and approximate location of excavation .
va	NNS	As she says this , I can hear several footsteps in the foyer and know that it is Jeff 's men .
va	NNS	""" Oh yeah ... roommates . """
va	NN	""" Demons fear the unknown as humans do ."
va	NNS	You didn 't start spending summers in Maine until you were a teenager , right ?
va	NNS	He had no intentions of just giving up , so he dove into the most aggressive treatments he could find .
va	NN	"My brain could use a holiday . """
va	NNS	"I pay taxes . """
va	NN	Looking up for a moment , he gives me a wink and disappears .
va	NN	Liam leaped the channel and moved among the cars .
va	NNS	He raised his brows and the corner of his lip quivered .
va	NNS	He must have overheard my intentions .
va	NN	We have the advantage now .
va	NN	The ground made a quick thud under their feet and a wall of earth rose from the ground fifteen feet tall .
va	NN	""" You didn 't see the explosion coming , then ? """
va	NN	He sends his regards .
va	NN	* Sandrine and I walked down the murky corridor without saying a word .
va	NNS	""" Oh , so you will use the stones within your head . """
va	NN	""" Father entrusted this campaign to you ."
va	NNS	Weldon was greeting other werewolves and ignoring us .
va	NN	She liked cheese even less , rejecting it even for fish .
va	NN	He took another drag from his cigarette and made a face .
va	NNS	Board or no board , Reyes was setting some boundaries .
va	NN	Looking around the kitchen , he spotted the kettle .
va	NN	Logan set the soup down on a desk near the door .
va	NN	""" I don 't think he likes you , "" Rhona informed her traveling companion , something that got her a lovely glare ."
va	NNS	""" Let 's put some mud masks on ! """
va	NNS	Knowing the Fey , they would probably enchant the barriers of their land so they couldn 't leave until tomorrow .
va	NNS	""" Rewarding instead the council house teenage mothers who do nothing other than reproduce on society 's money ."
va	NNS	Gregor ( and Yuri ) , had both gone nuts when she bought her farmhouse .
va	NN	He holds court , as she put it , between eleven and one .
va	NNS	""" I didn 't hear screams ."
va	NN	I 'll have this amount transferred into your accounts so you can meet your obligations .
va	NNS	As soon as my butt hit the chair , I opened two menus and propped them at the edge of our table .
va	NN	I brandished the packet of dental floss I 'd grabbed a minute ago , just in case that exact question was fired at me .
va	NN	He grabbed the hammer , the mallet , and some pliers .
va	NN	From up there Hassan slew one of the orcs with an arrow that slipped between his breastplate and his helm , piercing his throat .
va	NN	From away under the pines came a loud grunt and crash , as if someone had walked into a tree .
va	NN	"I 've got ambition . """
va	NN	I did a quick scan of the room and sat down opposite him .
va	NNS	She 'd had several long conversations with the staff on the subjects of pain control and emergency intervention measures .
va	NN	""" Okay , "" He felt his fat head nodding ."
va	NN	I usually loved shopping , but that was nerve-wracking .
va	NNS	Miss Minnie raised her brows in surprise .
va	NNS	The Pakistan government has closed down the strikes with an agreement with the Americans for the next month .
va	NNS	"The guards won 't search the forests . """
va	NN	We 'd eat chilled fruit my kitchen boy brought us , and we 'd listen as the nightingales sang as if their hearts were breaking .
va	NNS	"I watch some movies and all , but I don 't think I 've seen too many documentaries . """
va	NNS	I can hear footsteps , racing towards the cell .
va	NNS	""" We 'll head downstairs and grab some lunch or something and give you guys a little bit of family time . """
va	NNS	""" You have five standards to rotate your ships and begin departure of this system ."
va	NN	He reached the hook and , hastily crouching , picked it up .
va	NNS	A silhouette at the kitchen window drew aside the curtains to look at the BMW .
va	NNS	Every shadow seemed to be watching them , hunters in the night .
va	NNS	""" Fuck you , "" she growls then sighs ."
va	NNS	After modifying the platforms to their brain waves , they were given instructions on using them .
va	NNS	With this he quickly cut their bonds .
va	NNS	""" They didn 't really want many visitors . """
va	NNS	She distributed the water bottles to everyone .
va	NNS	I had preparations to make and clues to investigate .
va	NNS	"No , I want pancakes . """
va	NNS	"Neither they nor aerial reconnaissance detect any signs of a remaining enemy presence . """
va	NNS	The feeling of his skin , all his skin , against mine gives me goose bumps .
va	NN	She flicked the second switch and stepped outside to make sure it didn 't control the porch light .
va	NN	My pulse races as I cross the fresh chalk of the first base line .
va	NN	He picked up her voluminous skirts , helping her into the car and trying to hide his impatience .
va	NN	She checked Morgan 's condition periodically to make sure he was still okay .
va	NN	The prisoner picked up the bundle of wool and tossed it on the ground at Morris ' feet .
va	NN	But the bull appeared psychotic with rage , an animal out of control , and the bucking continued , fierce and unrelenting .
va	NNS	""" He may have left you the instructions , but you made the choices , and pretty smart ones , if you ask me ."
va	NNS	I married Agnes because she seemed to be a damsel in distress and I saw myself as Lancelot or Saint George .
va	NN	He will wrap up his tour in Baghdad for the opening of the grandly restored kingdom of Babylon .
va	NNS	I 'm covering my bases , Agent Mancini .
va	NN	""" Why didn 't you get a degree ? """
va	NN	I had a nightmare last night .
va	NN	He imagined a heaven on this earth .
va	NNS	"No imploding nut cases around here . """
va	NN	Pounding out a rhythm .
va	NNS	When I opened my eyes I saw Matthias staring at me .
va	NNS	The rope snaked upwards .
va	NN	He then asks Cat what I 've been wanting to know .
va	NN	""" Why aren 't you wearing a skirt ? """
va	NN	The door shifted just a slight amount .
va	NN	His fingers touched a tiny mole there .
va	NNS	""" The car 's old , "" Peter said miserably ."
va	NNS	We had learnt about how it used to be one of the most visited landmarks of the continent , but was now an obsolete waste of space .
va	NN	He almost dropped the damn tray .
va	NNS	I dig my nails into the granite countertops as the pain of the last six years chokes my oxygen away .
va	NNS	Caucasians staffed the trucks .
va	NNS	Somehow , probably with the help of Asif , he had acquired long flowing robes of Arab design .
va	NNS	Dex slid his sunglasses down his nose , but before he could say anything , Romy leaned over .
va	NNS	I sensed the animals near me , and all the insects and creatures I could not name became part of me and I of them .
va	NN	Abdul 's voice carried a hint of sarcasm .
va	NN	It now sat askew on a bent cement post .
va	NN	Who knows , said the teacher .
va	NN	"You don 't have a very good track record . """
va	NNS	He pulled from it tiny sparks of power no larger than motes of dust .
va	NNS	David , you can 't have private conversations with Emily and expect me not to wonder what it 's about .
va	NNS	He should be running circles around the table while Melanie warns him to calm down .
va	NN	He deeply resented the reminder of a man whose pristine conduct and fine morals were aspects of character he could never compete with .
va	NN	Ezra could connect the dots of a killer because he is a killer , plain and simple .
va	NN	""" I don 't expect this venture to be overly dangerous , but if things go wrong , it could get messy fast ."
va	NN	He filled the water pot thinking about how long it would take for them to dry out .
va	NNS	She still couldn 't get over the strangeness of standing in Megan 's kitchen like everything was normal .
va	NNS	""" We saw the world , for just a few moments , we saw the storms ."
va	NN	She smelled only a hint of roses and disinfectant .
va	NNS	He described the doughnuts and the muffins , a preemptive strike against Lou Dell , who lingered near the door .
va	NNS	Sighing , she tore several strips of cloth from the bottom of her robe and knelt in front of him , between his legs .
va	NNS	""" Unlike most brats ."
va	NN	I have asked the gate master for guidance .
va	NNS	He kicked the metal bars of the door and hissed in pain .
va	NN	He could feel her prowling around .
va	NNS	He can hear Mr. Kent 's footsteps in the garage .
va	NN	On the wall opposite the bed hung a flat screen TV which was operated from the bed via a remote control .
va	NN	""" Sonia , trust me , you don 't understand the strong and uncontrollable urges you 'll begin to experience as you near your eighteenth birthday ."
va	NNS	Sensation slashed her nerves .
va	NNS	They did not remove their hats , and no one corrected them .
va	NNS	""" According to David , the artisan has completed the beds , so I anticipate being able to move in soon ."
va	NNS	Come on , animals and alcohol ?
va	NNS	Drivers hit their horns in anticipation of potential fractional delays .
va	NNS	She could see the entrances to several caves and felt the strong pull toward them as if they were tempting her to leave her current position .
va	NNS	It took ages for some of them to die . '
va	NN	""" I will take the evil glares from the female populace as confirmation . """
va	NN	My jaw hit the bedspread .
va	NN	Parker sent up another barrier in his internal wall , grabbed a log and lined it up for his next cut .
va	NNS	"At the interview they told her , "" Sorry , only married couples . """
va	NNS	""" I can check my data banks . """
va	NNS	Physical distance would help steady her nerves , as would comfort food .
va	NN	Mary took the bucket from Lief .
va	NNS	The collar of my blouse had been turned upwards and I quickly folded it down .
va	NN	The clocks were chiming midnight as they waited for their new Head of Council to arrive and take his seat .
va	NNS	How will you fight my rats ?
va	NNS	Her hands raised further upwards , a sense of triumph and victory emanating from her .
va	NNS	""" They 're murdering hundreds of innocents ."
va	NNS	""" Who approves all your ideas ? """
va	NN	She had not lost her lover to the Ancients .
va	NNS	They had gardens that grew special plants during the short summers of the north .
va	NNS	We ´ re no super-powered beings .
va	NN	"In Afrikaans , that means the origin of life . """
va	NNS	said Vimes , looking at his healthy sandwich lunch .
va	NN	The Steward was carrying a tray of tea in one hand and a dustpan and brush in the other .
va	NNS	And maybe you can influence the minds of these military people , but you can 't influence me !
va	NN	I could feel her malice and I was glad to know it hurt her .
va	NN	' We 've been tracking a hostile from D.C. and have reason to believe this individual is currently staying in one of your rooms .
va	NN	Christie had a bad track record with men , starting in high school .
va	NNS	We have high hopes that you will add significantly to our national security .
va	NNS	She even heard Damon 's instantaneous telepathy : No , little fool !
va	NN	Lea quickly turned the TV off , slid out of her apartment , and headed outside .
va	NNS	But involving the king would not help matters .
va	NN	You see , she and my dad got a divorce .
va	NN	Nick gripped the pole with one hand and held her hand with the other .
va	NN	He rol ed to the ground , and didn 't get up again .
va	NN	""" Go on , girlfriend , have a little fun for a change . """
va	NNS	We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us .
va	NNS	"I nudged his blond curls aside with my nose and whispered in his ear , "" Do you have a condom ? """
va	NNS	""" And I will not fill those cities with the vampires who currently own the night ."
va	NN	""" I have an associate 's degree in veterinary technology ."
va	NNS	"Restore our souls and we will help you prevail . """
va	NNS	""" Somewhere where they had more purses ? """
va	NNS	""" What other animals do you have ? """
va	NN	A group of four soldiers race up the gangway from the dock door .
va	NNS	He wore black trousers with high boots .
va	NN	""" How can we defeat a horde of these ? """
va	NN	As he went , he passed another passenger who was still sleeping , this one a girl of about seventeen .
va	NNS	""" I were given specific instructions to bring ' em to the Master 's study . """
va	NN	He lets his hand slide across my waist .
va	NN	Now he wanted a damn cigarette .
va	NNS	Standing there , Zack overheard conversations in several languages , including English .
va	NNS	As they 'd talked , she 'd recognized signs of some lingering resentment .
va	NN	He had a musty odor , like clothes kept in a chest too long .
va	NN	I gathered the courage to face my fate and sat up .
va	NNS	""" Yes , I got several letters ."
va	NN	""" I like your h * ps just fine . """
va	NN	She had stopped the Council , and she had stopped him .
va	NNS	But being one of the walking wounded of an ambush from Cupid , Lucas recognized the signs .
va	NN	Walking at a pace that , when healthy , he could keep up all day , he followed the route he had chosen from the map .
va	NN	I picked the photo back up and stared at it for a few minutes before turning it over .
va	NN	""" She is wearing a corset . """
va	NNS	Joan helped her little cousins in .
va	NN	I pulled a pile of plastic packing materials off the living room chair and placed it on the pile of boxes .
va	NNS	Watney released the straps on his chair .
va	NN	I sent a surge of magic through my blood , waking myself up and expelling the stiffness to my muscles .
va	NNS	Meg couldn 't picture Simon stocking romances .
va	NNS	"May I offer my congratulations , by the way ? """
va	NN	Each folder had big , sloppy handwriting on the front , written in blue ball point pen .
va	NN	""" Saber , "" he growled , cold steel very much in evidence ."
va	NN	""" His people use a different accounting of years than we do , starting when their prophet Muhammad arrived in Mecca . """
va	NN	Spencer dropped her spoon in her cup .
va	NNS	She owned a few different carvings : one of a horse , and a church , and a wooden palisade .
va	NN	Niles felt a surge of nervous energy through his body .
va	NN	He had performed due diligence in polling them to gauge their feelings about worship .
va	NN	""" Sugar sugar sugar ."
va	NNS	""" And to Luna , who saved our collective asses . """
va	NNS	He grabbed two water bottles from a relief station , drinking one in a long continuous swallow and then pouring the other over his head .
va	NNS	They spilled over her lashes and tickled her cheeks .
va	NNS	"How do I get supporters ? """
va	NNS	At first they had contained their conversations to work anecdotes , but as the rapport between them became more comfortable , their topics expanded .
va	NNS	Within minutes , I finished the sodas and devoured the crackers , and , having satisfied my appetite , my exhaustion became complete .
va	NNS	We only use the programs that came with it to retrieve and study the wisdom it contains .
va	NN	He took another sip of his coffee .
va	NNS	I 'd now been sitting downstairs with Jaden for thirty minutes and they still weren 't out yet .
va	NN	Annalise let the boulder fall .
va	NNS	Well , minus the piercings .
va	NNS	The builders of this foundation chamber had used many irregular stones , carefully fitting them into place with mortar .
va	NN	She sucked up her pride ( and her sanity ) and let him lead her back to the bar .
va	NN	My cousin Zechariah , a priest with gray hairs , being kicked by the soldiers of Herod .
va	NN	He took a long sip of the now warm violet champagne and swished it round his mouth .
va	NN	We can take down The Program .
va	NNS	""" We set the horses ' tails on fire . """
va	NN	It would ease any anxiety when the charges blew at the far end of the tunnel and initiated Operation Saturn .
va	NNS	They hopped along the slippery stones unsteadily holding each other steady .
va	NN	""" Pull your skirt up ."
va	NNS	Al acknowledged his daughter 's protests for the first time .
va	NN	"Take the ferry over to Ibiza and watch the girls in string bikinis ; you can tell the Bishop you were over there on research . """
va	NNS	His listeners ( even Rachel Demarest ) were absorbing the implications with varying degrees of shock .
va	NN	Why didn 't Messick get his own expert witness who he wouldn 't have to force to take the stand ?
va	NN	"Even if he found it , he needed the owner 's permission to give it to me , and we couldn 't reach him . """
va	NNS	I shouldn 't bring my hopes up .
va	NNS	The recoil of the gun shot bolts of pain up his right hand , but he had no time to switch it to his left .
va	NN	""" I du n no but whatever it is , it 's big and just took out one of our tanks ."
va	NN	""" Woe , "" moaned the Rain Maiden ."
va	NNS	He had seen many Scottish villages like Beaulieu .
va	NN	As expected , the CP officer threw a baton swipe at her , which she ducked , forcing him to hit his teammate .
va	NN	She fought back the red wash of embarrassment that crept up her cheeks , heating her skin .
va	NN	Her eyes met a small console that referred to the shut down features of the treadmill .
va	NNS	The sound of twisting metal drowned out my pleas , and half a dozen bewildered voices rose above the commotion .
va	NN	The boy had no fixed schedule .
va	NN	""" What damage did it do to my brain ? """
va	NN	He watched the bandage for a minute or so , and when no blood seeped to the surface , he assumed he was over the worst .
va	NNS	In the absolute silence , she heard soft footsteps in the grass outside , moving quickly away from the kitchen window .
va	NNS	Everyone saw the tattoos and muscles , but Hunter had shown me something deeper today .
va	NN	He gave an involuntary shiver , almost too afraid to face what he 'd seen .
va	NNS	"I 'm glad you 're here , actually , "" she said briskly ."
va	NN	"Well , give me her contact details , her internet details will probably be better , a chance acquaintance will arouse less suspicion . """
va	NN	She took off the old hat she 'd been wearing and shook her ponytail out .
va	NN	""" Your honor , may we have a short recess ? """
va	NN	Only two of them had seen Denny signal .
va	NNS	I 'd rather eat another dozen mouthfuls of dirt than talk about Josie and what her future would be like with some other man .
va	NN	"You could have ended the bounty without making things easy for her . """
va	NNS	Something about those words sent shivers down my body .
va	NN	Few had the skill to pull that off .
va	NN	Finally Travis nodded his agreement .
va	NNS	I play sports for the fun .
va	NN	I lit the cigarette and inhaled .
va	NNS	"The fact that he 's tested positive is making headlines . """
va	NN	James could smell their nectar from where he was sitting .
va	NNS	He 'd ignored her advances , and she resented me for it .
va	NN	She tapped her own art history textbook with a hot pink pen .
va	NN	"Even those nasty zombie bodies outside can 't ruin this appetite . """
va	NNS	The aroma of fresh buttered popcorn enters Steve 's nostrils .
va	NNS	The decibel level of Terrance 's voice betrayed his weak assurances .
va	NN	Weasel placed the stake over her wrist , drew back the hammer , and swung forward with all his weight .
va	NN	""" I will send a messenger over in the morning ."
va	NNS	""" It would only incur more deaths . """
va	NN	Standard show crew . '
va	NNS	I have many businesses that keep me extremely busy .
va	NNS	Leaning against a tree as the gargoyle pulled aside bushes and fallen rocks Shay absently rubbed the muscles of her legs .
va	NNS	""" I 've some berries and apples as well . """
va	NNS	Children received stuffed animals .
va	NN	We started down the corridor to the residences .
va	NN	""" I would pay any price to protect my family ."
va	NN	She couldn 't undo the suffering she 'd already inflicted on Josh .
va	NNS	I researched the regions where kava has been temporarily taken off store shelves , because it was done in the United Kingdom and Germany .
va	NNS	""" Why don 't you go downstairs and wait for me ?"
va	NN	She had her pride , too .
va	NN	Tavi watched the Cat in turn , an odd and nagging sense of recognition stirring briefly .
va	NN	Was there normally this much activity on the 14th floor ?
va	NNS	Two empty pages later , I found his notes from his meeting with Jessica .
va	NN	""" I do remember a barn in the back ."
va	NNS	Dad had his poems and Mom had her research , and Patrick and Nate and I had school and jobs and futures to think about .
va	NNS	"The Sentinels who haven 't fallen in with Lucian have left their duties and are en route to the University . """
va	NNS	I gripped both her wrists .
va	NN	' No longer should the Order build great fortresses and conduct lavish rituals .
va	NN	Or , in this case , to get a damn map .
va	NN	Had they bridged a gap , and could Kylie keep it from reappearing ?
va	NN	She dug her forefinger into Gideon 's coat to find out .
va	NNS	He caught her fists and jerked her against him , wrapping her up tight before she could hurt herself or him .
va	NN	Slightly disheveled will give you an advantage , especially if he 's as anal as I think he is .
va	NN	I understood the director 's obsession .
va	NNS	He took notes on everything the driver said , careful to play the part of an interested student , and the drive passed relatively easily .
va	NNS	She stirred the contents with a straw and watched as the ice began to melt .
va	NNS	Erin pulled her notes onto her lap .
va	NN	He had no sympathy , though .
va	NNS	This close , she could see small golden flecks in the intense blue of his eyes .
va	NN	His eyes flashed intensity of purpose at her .
va	NNS	Her cheeks turned bright pink and sound erupted from between her lips .
va	NN	Instead , he took up his role as bartender again .
va	NNS	Their escort left them alone , footsteps retreating back up into the cathedral .
va	NN	Alonso turned the TV on and played the DVD .
va	NN	The storefront had no fancy window display , just a large picture window with blinds drawn for the evening .
va	NNS	His deep chuckle sent goose bumps over my skin .
va	NNS	Once they were all gathered around the altar , Rasputin rested his fists on his hips and looked avidly at the long brown leather tube .
va	NNS	""" You hear the mice ? """
va	NN	She had a bad habit of spurting out whatever was on her mind before thinking about it .
va	NNS	When he breathed in the fumes from those bowls , what personal horrors did he see ?
va	NN	""" Had some cereal . """
va	NN	He heard a click and felt like tossing the small phone through the window of the moving car .
va	NN	I fought the guilt that was trying to steal over me , but I shook it off .
va	NNS	To date we just don 't have any real ideas .
va	NNS	Meanwhile , we have our secret passages , tunnels and the shack on the island .
va	NN	Before Chase even continued , he already had a suspicion of who it could be .
va	NN	Eliot said , a twinkle in his eye .
va	NN	I shone my flashlight on the item in his hands , or in this case , items .
va	NN	""" No harm will come to you , I promise , "" he said more serenely , with an almost beatific smile ."
va	NN	She heard the crop clatter on the floor just before his large hands cupped her hips .
va	NNS	"The military on the scene has taken the 216 survivors to FEMA concentration camp for further question concerning the terrorist movement . """
va	NN	She tested her theory by forcing her legs over the side of the bed .
va	NNS	Clare gripped the edges of the bed , hanging on for dear life as Anya went to work on the other foot .
va	NNS	While I mused on this , voices rose downstairs .
va	NN	Down the hall , some idiot was practicing his violin .
va	NN	"I got another packet , but it doesn 't go very far when you 're trying to cover a room . """
va	NNS	His younger daughter , Jessica , really did decode its clues with her own unique brand of curiosity .
va	NN	said the mayor , as Corporal Knopf hurried off .
va	NN	I hear a rustle behind me .
va	NN	They could hear the approaching vehicle .
va	NNS	He released the brakes , steered the car toward the space ... and prayed .
va	NN	She found the pepper spray and took it , along with my wallet .
va	NNS	Apparently she was having the same ideas as he .
va	NNS	"Besides , we have matters to discuss and another secretary to find . """
va	NN	In all of his years as alpha he 'd lost his temper once with a pack member , but he 'd paid dearly for the experience .
va	NN	He had neglected grocery shopping and now he was paying for it .
va	NN	Mason eyed the pallet .
va	NNS	Just to make sure he carefully placed small devices in each of the large machines .
va	NN	John noticed his hesitation and grabbed the bottle from him .
va	NNS	Her voice fakes the lightness that doesn 't reach her eyes .
va	NN	I recalled the mountain of paperwork that had taken hours to fill out , and Claudia presenting an acceptance letter later that same day .
va	NN	The survivor takes a long drag .
va	NNS	He can sense the nerves in Daniel 's voice fraying .
va	NN	"The little spoiled brat . """
va	NN	And she heard the begging in his voice .
va	NNS	I could barely make out the sadness in her face , but it was there .
va	NNS	And when everyone did their four laps around the track , I did four extra laps .
va	NN	""" Keep your dick in your pants . """
va	NN	"Why is she not wearing a leash ? """
va	NN	Fernando felt a familiar shiver of fear snake through him .
va	NN	"I have some extra lotion in the closet there . """
va	NNS	Jackie set her instruments aside , examined the harbor seal , then read the chart the volunteer handed her .
va	NNS	He had ruled out dozens of suggestions , many of them too stupid to contemplate .
va	NNS	He regained his bearings by looking for the glimmers of metal on the northern rim .
va	NN	She flipped the switch on her car and turned the radio on to a sixties rock station .
va	NNS	Both wore their blue denim head scarves .
va	NN	His long , sharp nose gave him the appearance of a vulture .
va	NN	She took the necklace with shaking hands .
va	NNS	Nick 's father had dozens of them in a drawer at home .
va	NNS	Connor especially had made his indignant protests against these seemingly arbitrary restrictions on his personal freedom a Conway holiday tradition .
va	NN	""" We can change our appearance , Johnny . """
va	NNS	The ringing of the phone interrupted her musings .
va	NN	And then I told the earl that night at supper .
va	NNS	Bellamy lowered his fists and stepped away from Daniel , his stoic expression in place .
va	NN	"Show your courage and fight for our freedom ! """
va	NNS	His raspy voice against the inside of her knee gave her goose bumps .
va	NN	"It had the best shopping and nightlife and ... "" Her eyes twinkled with delight as she reminisced , her cheeks crinkling in a large smile ."
va	NNS	""" Lots of married men have mistresses . """
va	NNS	Every face wears back circles around the eye sockets and brown face paint to your earlobes .
va	NN	Have I lost esteem in my own eyes ?
va	NNS	She adjusted restraints around his wrists instead .
va	NN	Cindy took the hint .
va	NN	Tommy flicked his cigarette to the ground and stomped it out .
va	NN	Hank grunted an assent .
va	NN	Mr. Hunter took another sip .
va	NN	""" Daddy , I can 't find ' em . """
va	NN	""" We had an arrangement with the old owners . """
va	NNS	Later , after she 'd hung up the phone , Adrienne read the letters from Paul , just as she 'd known she would .
va	NN	Notify the court immediately if you or anyone you know is in any way contacted with regard to your involvement in this trial .
va	NNS	She clenched her fists and concentrated on the warmth , the energy it seemed to give her .
va	NNS	She did have images in her head - her hands moving over his body , her mouth trailing kisses .
va	NNS	They loved their husbands and couldn 't imagine anyone not agreeing with them .
va	NN	She also writes the Outcast Season series , which currently includes Undone and Unknown .
va	NN	I put the cigarette up to my mouth and inhale .
va	NN	I could jack up the price a little bit , but that would probably demoralize Bubba .
va	NNS	He doesn 't even get the usual lawyer visits that most of our other guests get from time to time .
va	NNS	Then , too , there were the Thanksgiving Holiday festivities to deal with thrown into the mix , not to mention school events involving Jack and Amanda .
va	NN	She didn 't even do her degree in business like I told her .
va	NNS	""" I have two jobs ."
va	NNS	I could see some beds through the open doorway .
va	NN	Harden used the mobile incident unit as his office when he was on site .
va	NNS	"Meet my ladies . """
va	NNS	Well , maybe he hadn 't found many customers this morning .
va	NNS	Her screams drove pangs into Earl 's chest .
va	NNS	Third division protects the top officials of government and the National Workers ' Party .
va	NNS	She patted her curls into place and turned away from her reflection .
va	NNS	Yet she knew his intentions , and without any force whatsoever , he 'd taken her ... and she let him .
va	NN	Jacey had had a dangerously high fever ; convulsions racked her body .
va	NN	The next morning , Lea opened the gym , but there was something different about it .
va	NN	Slaughterhouse If anything , Stalker understated the chaos and carnage .
va	NNS	"You have materials ? """
va	NNS	I would make tiny bouquets and sometimes tuck a flower behind my ear .
va	NN	""" I don 't want the Jeep in sight , nor do I want anyone to see me getting into it . """
va	NN	He advised his Master that the generals were all unredeemed heretics .
va	NN	I felt a flush of embarrassment mixed with pleasure as I returned his smile .
va	NN	""" The Papal States need a little insight at times , buddy ."
va	NN	I turn my head inch by inch so I can get a better look at the beauty sitting on my shoulder .
va	NNS	He saw the contents of the locker drifting away across the cavity .
va	NNS	He 'd already drank three-quarters of it .
va	NN	He couldn 't hide the disappointment in his voice .
va	NNS	Now that he was close , he could see the signs of her grief etched under her eyes and around her mouth .
va	NNS	The ruckus made always awoke his prisoners and let them know that he was coming up to see them .
va	NNS	More snow weighed down the branches of small evergreen trees scattered throughout the grounds .
va	NNS	Arsenic poisoning can cause both physical tremors like the ones Noah experiences in his hands , and mental confusion and delirium .
va	NN	I felt Duke 's gaze shift to me in the background , but I didn 't turn to look at him .
va	NNS	He had shorts , deck shoes and a faded black polo .
va	NN	This demon has the expertise of all the damned generals of history to call upon .
va	NNS	I run drills around the barrels again , alternating between leaps and simple taps .
va	NN	She had attained a degree in education from the University of Georgia .
va	NN	He sounded aghast . '
va	NN	""" Unit one and two , assume standard pacification formation . """
va	NN	But I could still smell the stench of burning flesh .
va	NNS	I heard gasps and groans from the others , and more than one of them began to weep .
va	NNS	"Harbors always have the most distressing odors about them . """
va	NN	Never had the prince imagined anguish so diverse and exquisite as he had experienced here .
va	NN	She inwardly cursed her curiosity and started to chew on her tongue .
va	NN	Oh yes , and someone painting a mural .
va	NNS	Laurence loosened his own straps and stood , turning around as he drew his pistols .
va	NNS	""" I was speaking figuratively . """
va	NN	""" Isn 't a commissary a supermarket ? """
va	NNS	That , cunning as they all are , they don 't realize their judge , jury and executioner stands before them , painted in roses and ink .
va	NNS	Beside me , Day repeats my instructions for Eden over his own mike .
va	NN	""" Give me a flashlight . """
va	NNS	The smell of burning , rotting decay assaulted his nostrils as he did so , the acrid stench overpowering as he stared out into the distance .
va	NN	He clambered up the opposite tread and hauled through the passenger door .
va	NN	He patted her back tenderly .
va	NN	""" Secure the hatch ."
va	NN	I 'm guessing Ethan 's capable of figuring that out .
va	NN	And damn it all , she admired the determination and brains he packed under a thick head of jet-black hair and body ripped with muscles .
va	NNS	Madeline lowered the sunglasses down her nose and gave the shopkeeper a cool , indifferent stare .
va	NNS	"Did you get any more ideas for your next book proposal ? """
va	NNS	""" Have you had more than five sexual partners ? """
va	NN	The fingers brushed over her eyelashes , thumb stroking over the fragile skin of her eyelids as if to keep them shut .
va	NNS	I walked downstairs with a grin on my face .
va	NNS	Sarah fought back the tremors that started deep within her soul .
va	NNS	Then they were kissing , their mouths fused , their tongues teasing and stroking while they ripped each other 's clothes off .
va	NN	He grabbed the map and crumpled it up .
va	NNS	Like old Hunter ... he has certain ideas about propriety .
va	NNS	She rubbed circles over Joshua 's head to soothe the child and keep the circulation going in her increasingly numbing hand .
va	NN	He doesn 't like my spending so many evenings and weekend days at David and Eliza 's .
va	NNS	Damn machine only records thirty-second messages .
va	NN	You just took everyone 's guilt though and carried it .
va	NNS	"Unless he acts again , I will remember his sins no more . """
va	NNS	"Evidently he believes the legends , too . """
va	NN	He ran his forefinger and thumb over his eyebrows before returning to his magazine .
va	NNS	""" I made shirts . """
va	NN	At best , he has a major concussion .
va	NN	Ellen showed no delight at seeing him .
va	NN	Charlotte took a huge , floppy red hat out of her purse and pulled it low over her forehead .
va	NNS	From the bed , I raised my brows .
va	NNS	I 'm needed downstairs .
va	NN	"Suddenly regaining his composure he added , "" I 'm winning . """
va	NN	"Why don 't you tell me what page you 're on first ? """
va	NNS	""" I asked limply ."
va	NNS	After a decade of living at sea level , Dianna knew the risks of being at 8,000 feet again .
va	NN	Adam deftly backed his vehicle up to the ramp and eased the rowboat into the water .
va	NNS	Now you just need some heart-shaped sunglasses .
va	NNS	""" He knew the risks when he joined our Holy Band ."
va	NN	They have stamina , that 's for sure .
va	NNS	""" Studying my veins . """
va	NNS	"How incredibly lame is that ? """
va	NNS	I can hear the curtains scraping against the rod and someone climbing inside .
va	NNS	The waitress had spilled drinks all over Ian and Andrew .
va	NNS	""" I didn 't think demons worked that way ."
va	NN	He wore a helmet with a metal spike on the top , a big brass eagle on the front .
va	NN	They smothered the hood now , others perched on the cab roof or atop the trailer .
va	NN	These ages of refusal and revel make a mob of the Martians .
va	NNS	I saw their new sweaters and hats , their new watches and rings , heard about their new TVs and laptops .
va	NN	Nine months elapsed before the gypsies once again set up site within a few hundred metres of his yard .
va	NNS	I finally hear sirens as I 'm making my way back to Lake 's car .
va	NN	I got a bus back into the city and found Amanda 's parents .
va	NNS	Naturally we must take precautions as if the worst has happened .
va	NNS	They rode onwards , following the path up into the mountains .
va	NN	They created a perimeter and blocked traffic from Renée 's home .
va	NNS	I just carry messages .
va	NN	You see the lighting on the ceiling ?
va	NN	He had a neighbor named Bill , a sixty-two year old widower .
va	NN	""" Shut down the portal to the Glass House . """
va	NNS	Students will dump carrots on his plate .
va	NN	You got the wrong judge .
va	NNS	""" They haven 't caught any mice yet but they 're well-behaved ."
va	NN	"' ' Oh sorry , I didn 't do geography . """
va	NNS	Into the grimy alley wall he etched several letters .
va	NN	I have every confidence in your feelings for me .
va	NN	she asked the shape-shifter as tiny bubbles of electricity started forming around him .
va	NN	Benji took a small sip and looked across , staring Rock in the eyes .
va	NNS	"But I 've got a few ideas on how to pull that off . """
va	NN	I set my helmet down , and started back toward the team .
va	NNS	""" Take his collar off , "" Lloyd said briskly ."
va	NN	We never had this issue when we went swimming , or got changed before .
va	NN	Beyond lay a series of gigantic cages .
va	NN	""" Oh , improve health , raise the standard of living ."
va	NN	We 'd enjoyed a lovely picnic in our room , just the two of us .
va	NNS	We need ideas , people !
va	NNS	We had enough materials to construct around 10 large snares capable of capturing a man or woman .
va	NN	He had a vivid recollection of his bride 's body soft beneath him , her lips opening beneath his like a flower to the sun .
va	NNS	The first involved the individual slaves ; in the second , several groups of five women sold for one price .
va	NN	The Grand Master frowned at the tarnished grain , she could of at least had the decency to defile the floor .
va	NN	I search the bushes , but do not see her .
va	NNS	""" Shouldn 't you be out there questioning the witnesses ? """
va	NNS	That boy put bruises on my body .
va	NN	He couldn 't control the utter bewilderment in his voice .
va	NN	My fingers found a light switch .
va	NN	We can 't use invisibility and compulsion for the rest of our lives !
va	NNS	"I played sports . """
va	NN	His little girl had just survived a violent ordeal from creatures like unto to which his people had never seen .
va	NNS	And just the sound of it sent chills down Kylie 's spine .
va	NNS	I ... saw the death angels .
va	NNS	Renny leaned his large fists on Kat 's desk to stare closer .
va	NNS	This book will not contain their views on the secret of longevity .
va	NNS	""" And where would we put the boxes ?"
va	NN	I make a funnel out of them and blow away as much of the mist as I can .
va	NNS	In her dream he had claws ... well she also had fangs so maybe it really was just a dream and nothing more .
va	NNS	The familiar activity sets their minds at ease and makes them feel useful .
va	NN	The rage and revulsion he 'd transmitted would leave a deeper scar than anything Ed had done .
va	NN	Arriving at the appointed time , Amanda saw a convoy of Chinese vehicles come into view through the gun slots in the Stryker .
va	NNS	His face is hard and wary , eyes like slivers of ancient amber .
va	NN	' Frances and I have our Christmas shopping to do in town this afternoon .
va	NNS	""" But they 're penalizing the wrong parties ."
va	NNS	I 'd rather be writing letters , or working on my collections .
va	NNS	That 'll let new plants spring from the ground , and life will continue on .
va	NNS	For the first time in his long life , he actually had erotic images of his own , not drawn from someone else 's mind .
va	NNS	The crowd could shout and throw rocks but little more .
va	NNS	They already regarded the leftovers as theirs , and their dark , luminous eyes watched passersby with warning .
va	NNS	"I 've got customers waiting . """
va	NNS	It still took ages to reach Hermes , but when it did , his eyes widened , and he immediately moved away from Aphrodite .
va	NN	Even though it 's after nine a.m. , thick , purple drapes are still blocking out all sunlight .
va	NN	Oban finally did break his hammer trying to bring them to order and was just calling for the guards when a powerful voice cut through the confusion .
va	NNS	Kate 's hands made fists .
va	NN	What the heck did that mean ?
va	NN	His car had some substantial damage on the driver 's side of the bonnet .
va	NN	She finally finished the page , then placed it in the stack of those that contained no useful information .
va	NN	Getting down on one knee , Sebastian took careful aim .
va	NNS	Birds called out their warbling songs here and there .
va	NN	Hayden gripped Liz 's elbow softly and tugged her away from the ticking time bomb .
va	NN	As the soldier collapsed , Eduard felt steel against his throat .
va	NNS	The gray , wet day matched my spirits .
va	NNS	Steve and Catherine followed the pilgrims through the gate into the mountain of Mary .
va	NN	He had a flashlight with one of the ladies ' blouses over the lens , and he was pointing it toward the ceiling .
va	NNS	He studied the animals and the portal .
va	NN	Trust Gavin to skirt the issue and go straight to the one that was triggering his jealousy .
va	NNS	She would know the signs anywhere now .
va	NNS	The streetlights cast golden , uninterrupted circles of light on the pavement .
va	NN	They had taken up residence amid a collection of Mission chairs , rockers , and coffee tables .
va	NNS	But this one sends shivers down her spine , and she knows it is Alaric .
va	NNS	I dug my nails into his back .
va	NNS	Her mother had barbecued her father 's shorts .
va	NNS	Each hit the rocks across the gap and scrambled up onto a small plateau .
va	NN	Clay tried a dramatic exit too , as if to show his troops that nothing fazed him .
va	NN	Fangs bared , his eyes blazing red , he sidestepped deftly and plucked the stake from her hand .
va	NNS	"One can 't take risks . """
va	NNS	They shifted their claws only enough to move into a tight line .
va	NNS	He 'd removed the shades and those blue eyes held hers .
va	NNS	""" That you keep your promises . """
va	NN	He felt another jab , and yet another , but these caused him no concern at all .
va	NN	Suddenly , I felt a stab of panic .
va	NN	Take your beautiful pony and park her back in a safe garage in an upscale neighborhood where you both belong .
va	NNS	Except we didn 't have actual parties .
va	NN	Finally she plucked up the courage to open William 's note , scared of what it said .
va	NN	CHAPTER TWENTY Terrance experienced no difficulty securing sleeping accommodations at a small motel close to the interstate , right inside the Harmony city limits .
va	NNS	In that instant , Tick remembered the water monsters that had tried to kill his mom and dad .
va	NNS	Do you love animals ?
va	NN	Maybe he fabricated a tall tale so they would run around in circles trying to verify it .
va	NN	He opened the Kerouac novel .
va	NNS	""" Any signs of him ? """
va	NN	"You guys should probably save the groping for later , when you 're alone . """
va	NNS	But they all had clenched fists .
va	NNS	Nate and Trevor had goose bumps on their arms .
va	NNS	She chose tails first ! '
va	NNS	She made her way downstairs and found the house in a flurry of activity .
va	NNS	His fingers continued their gentle circles along her head , and she could have sworn his hand trembled slightly .
va	NN	"I 'll wash off the salve . """
va	NN	Yet , he couldn 't summon the motivation .
va	NNS	I had no regrets .
va	NNS	Factories create jobs and economic growth that our state badly needs .
va	NNS	She immediately removed the earrings that were in her second piercing and replaced them with the diamonds .
va	NNS	The prophecies they believe , the goals and motivations of the separate factions .
va	NN	I reapplied my lipstick , stalling for time , and then took a deep breath as we made our way back to our table .
va	NNS	Tomorrow night , he would free the drones .
va	NNS	And then , like smoke , Bod slipped though the bars .
va	NN	I put my biscuit on my plate .
va	NN	It was finely crafted iron , worked to look like climbing roses had grown over an iron fence .
va	NN	He had the gall to claim she 'd asked to be mugged .
va	NN	His face had lost even the small amount of color it had when they 'd arrived .
va	NNS	It has the same banners hanging on the walls and the same colossal chair in the center of the room .
va	NN	I even wanted a tiara , which seems silly now .
va	NN	""" What if I tell every member of my club that I rode between your thighs ?"
va	NNS	And then he turned his face upwards , and the heavens astonished him .
va	NNS	""" You know Cronus 's weaknesses better than any of us ."
va	NN	From around the table came a general murmur of assent .
va	NN	Most of all , he hated his childish curiosity .
va	NN	Hart snapped the first photograph of her from the waist up , Eleanor with her thick hair falling across one breast .
va	NN	""" And I have a host of faeries to mock me ."
va	NNS	They had pulled painters coveralls over their street clothes and covered their faces with respirators .
va	NNS	""" Last time I was here , the vampires had chased all the werewolves out of the country . """
va	NN	It really gives one confidence to behold this .
va	NN	"Did he need a bar tender for a party ? """
va	NNS	Alongside her , Gerhard watched the preparations .
va	NN	He was controlling the other tug .
va	NNS	All authorized visitors , transmit your security access code now and await a reply from the planet 's personnel before proceeding .
va	NNS	""" I 've had dealings with Seer before , long ago ."
va	NN	"I don 't require any assistance . """
va	NNS	Several hooks embedded in the ceiling held lanterns casting a yellow glow about the place .
va	NN	Diego grabbed a flashlight from his car and ran after him .
va	NNS	The three of us discussed marketing ideas during lunch , but I had a hard time concentrating .
va	NN	""" See the photo -- third from the right at the top ? """
va	NN	He picked a student with his hand raised at the back of the room .
va	NN	""" Why didn 't Owen pull the plug on his scheme after Brad was murdered ?"
va	NNS	Apparently , John had many admirers who wanted to see him off .
va	NNS	They could put the entire proceeds towards the debt .
va	NN	""" Here , I brought a spoon for you . """
va	NN	He wanted the amulet .
va	NN	""" I would like permission to stay with Harmonia in the Isles . """
va	NN	""" Maybe it takes a nerd to know one . """
va	NNS	We approached the filter lanes to the car parks , and the departures ' drop off zone ' was just ahead .
va	NNS	Ironically , now that she was gone , he missed all those early experiences as much as everything else about her .
va	NN	The maid nods a hurried farewell to us both , then disappears down the hall , leaving us alone .
va	NNS	It doesn 't follow your commands .
va	NNS	"With your help , we can build many boats . """
va	NN	"Before I left the palace . """
va	NNS	""" You watch way too many movies . """
va	NN	We 'd covered every inch of the small village , and no one had found anything that looked like a clue .
va	NN	Holding the smoke in his lungs , he offered the marijuana cigarette to me , but I shook my head .
va	NNS	He hadn 't taken off his shades when he came into the office .
va	NN	Sighing , Mira pulled her necklace out of her shirt so he could see the copper rings .
va	NN	I crashed into something hard - the TV I rolled away from it and smashed into a wall .
va	NN	There was nicotine withdrawal and nicotine anticipation .
va	NNS	' You mean downstairs ? '
va	NNS	Climbing vines and roses created a magical effect over trellises , gates , and the garden wall itself .
va	NN	She took a sip of soda .
va	NN	As the woman headed back to her car , Blue turned the arrangement in her hand .
va	NN	Lydia 's voice showed her impatience , and she silently berated herself .
va	NNS	He is taking awful risks with his life and rejecting all the principles I hold most dear .
va	NNS	He held the damn chains up , and I swam in pain .
va	NN	She could read a page and recite it verbatim .
va	NN	I took a sip of my milkshake , swallowing the creamy mix as she shifted uncomfortably .
va	NN	A list of names graced this particular page and he noted their military titles .
va	NN	"I did notice your tendency to be a little haughty . """
va	NN	""" Where will you put the temporary housing ?"
va	NNS	Were they testing their limits ?
va	NN	""" Get a divorce ."
va	NNS	The Loupe family , however , had some dealings with the government .
va	NN	Kate smothered a giggle .
va	NNS	""" He gives you the facts without all the bells and whistles . """
va	NN	Reid flicked a switch and asked a quick question .
va	NNS	Suffice to say she would never view the long wooden benches of a sauna in the same way again .
va	NN	We slid it three-quarters of the way out and waited for Pete , Rusty and Todd the Bod to jump down and join us .
va	NNS	""" So you like gardens , huh ? """
va	NNS	* As they rode towards the farm , they could see defences being rapidly , magically , constructed .
va	NN	The paper bag sailed down the pit .
va	NN	Miguel let out a roar and leapt at her over the couch .
va	NN	Jessie had discovered Sarah 's bracelet and contented herself with trying to untie the links .
va	NN	Rather , it sat upright on two legs with a pair of short arms folded across its chest .
va	NNS	Leave the volunteers to the site work .
va	NN	""" The driver controls the radio . """
va	NN	You might call it a mutual agreement of distrust and resentment , again a relic of the past .
va	NN	Black dominated the decor .
va	NN	Finn had no intention of tangling with the Black Widow , especially not with MYTH breathing down their necks .
va	NN	Abraham heard the shuffling of unsteady steps and then a distant door rattled .
va	NN	Gray understood Hess 's fervor .
va	NN	"Make a nest . """
va	NN	Black Scorpion threw the spear .
va	NNS	She loved storms and the sound of rain .
va	NN	But Mira saw guilt in that worried gaze too .
va	NN	She took a sip of her ice water and considered him for a long moment .
va	NN	""" I like your new fur ."
va	NNS	I like my horror movies very , very tame !
va	NN	In only a few seconds , I heard the click of the door unlocking and I climbed in .
va	NNS	""" Whatever , "" Nick said , knowing that nothing Julian could say would ruffle Kelly 's feathers ."
va	NNS	I fought my first battles against my new comrades in arms .
va	NNS	He put his fists together and aimed at the cannon .
va	NNS	Both wore the robes of stewards , and while their eyes bespoke exhaustion , their robes and hands were clean .
va	NNS	The burden of her duty to her father , now a sick old man , must have finally broken her nerves .
va	NNS	General Gordon inspected his officers .
va	NNS	A few minutes later they rolled the trucks inside the store and built a fire for the night .
va	NNS	""" They already stole the computers from my place , so we know that 's one place they would go ."
va	NN	""" Enough sugar ? """
va	NN	""" Soon I will lose my curiosity over your choice and allow you neither Aeron nor Sienna . """
va	NNS	"I watched the handlers from the road as they showed up at the house looking for her . """
va	NNS	I laid the facts out for the others quickly and efficiently .
va	NN	We made our unknown gentleman as comfortable as possible in the bed of the wagon , and his wife crawled in beside him .
va	NNS	He clenched his fists and prepared to make the dive .
va	NNS	They smelled the exhaust fumes of the big engines .
va	NNS	"Make sure nothing escapes . """
va	NNS	She took out the four MPs following her , though .
va	NN	Her right hand hugged her tummy -- a pregnant belly protruding out and covered by a loose burgundy blouse .
va	NNS	Sulfur filled her nostrils and burned her throat .
va	NN	""" How long do you expect your winning streak to run ? """
va	NNS	However , faced with work the next day and knowing that she would see her patient started the stress levels rising again .
va	NNS	Make no promises or commitments .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , Seth took matters into his own hands , without running it by me first .
va	NNS	""" World-class minds , or ships , sometimes ."
va	NN	"Have fun shopping . """
va	NNS	""" Is there a reason you 're researching demons , Sophia ? """
va	NN	A cop on the sidewalk was taking careful , deadly aim as Jim came closer .
va	NNS	""" I had the same problem training deputies . """
va	NN	He indicates the duplex with a nod .
va	NN	For the first time Maia felt a thread of panic unfurl beneath her rib cage .
va	NN	Cautiously hopeful , because he hadn 't thought there would be any chance of her being pleased , he raised the tray to catch her attention .
va	NNS	Nicky made air quotes with his fingers .
va	NNS	I 'm taking psychology courses at a community college at the moment .
va	NNS	Offer your sacrifices , show proper deference and respect , and the gods would smile upon you .
va	NN	""" You can come cook for me anytime . """
va	NNS	""" I 've been reading up on a new trend in fitness , "" he told his assembled ' troops ' ."
va	NN	His touch traveled along the tilt of her chin , then skated softly across her lips .
va	NNS	No , she couldn 't put her hopes on a false dream .
va	NN	His face registered deep concentration .
va	NN	I want freedom for people like us .
va	NN	After a quarter hour of creeping forward , carefully keeping within sight of each other , they reached an exit of sorts .
va	NNS	Rule number one in the initial greeting process - never reveal any preferences .
va	NNS	""" She must have realized after the second battery of tests that something in my blood itself was causing the specimens to destruct ."
va	NNS	The two girls clambered up the dunes and walked along the top of the main beach .
va	NN	But she broke the pattern , and he was grateful for it .
va	NNS	""" A lad with enough sense to make use of the wisdom of : his elders . """
va	NNS	I have two cousins who traveled with me .
va	NNS	"What do you think Dolores ? """
va	NN	I added some pep to my voice .
va	NN	Emma had lost her appetite .
va	NNS	He also had several piercings in his eyebrows , two in his lip , one in his chin .
va	NN	The same turn opened a new prospect to his eyes .
va	NN	After an excellent dinner of tomato salads and curried snapper , they shared a large serving of vanilla ice cream .
va	NNS	The slit fell open halfway up my thigh , exposing my leg .
va	NNS	My mother everyday was losing her nerves by trying to control the everyday expenses .
va	NNS	He swirled the contents of his goblet before taking a small sip .
va	NNS	So I went downstairs alone that night .
va	NN	It wanted the bracelet .
va	NNS	The friction caused intense sensations and soon enough , I could feel my body giving out .
va	NNS	He had all his notes and printouts of the emails from Karen in his briefcase .
va	NNS	""" He has three souls trapped inside his head ."
va	NNS	"' ' Don 't forget your big sis ' . """
va	NN	It should have taken the maid seven days and seven nights to spin that much straw , yet they were confronted by piles and piles of gold .
va	NNS	All there , all fifteen letters .
va	NNS	I gripped the bars and peered over the edge .
va	NNS	""" I have my sources ."
va	NN	He had a girlfriend now .
va	NN	""" Why my good fellow , to take over the universe !"
va	NNS	It had two boats on the left side , one on the right , and one tied on the end .
va	NNS	The city demanded taxes , but did not provide anything in return .
va	NNS	It indeed broke the stones like it was nothing more than sand , but it did not reach him .
va	NNS	This one had no monsters in it .
va	NN	Over the next week , we spend our days shopping to furnish and decorate Andy 's new home .
va	NNS	""" Nice qualities in a campaign manager ."
va	NN	I perused a pamphlet on the San Juan Islands as I waited .
va	NN	I could feel every inch of him and yet I gasped for more .
va	NN	Lifting the bottle , he turned the label to the light .
va	NNS	""" Alistair could burn entire cities to the ground if he wished ."
va	NN	She could practically see the tiny thread of invisible power stretching between her and Cain .
va	NN	But I expect the same courtesy .
va	NN	The moon , that night a thin wedge on its way down from full , hit its peak , and the field ignited in silver fire .
va	NNS	Fat cows and woolly sheep dotted emerald fields bisected with rough hedgerows or silvery gray rock walls .
va	NN	Could the new person have a curse too ?
va	NNS	I heard the sirens first .
va	NNS	"I can 't even get two sentences out ! """
va	NN	You don 't deserve her , you filthy gutter scum .
va	NNS	Everything about my death has raised a dozen red flags from the beginning .
va	NN	"I ... I went poof . """
va	NNS	And a string orchestra was playing old love songs .
va	NN	""" You weren 't taking the hint ."
va	NNS	"You could even disband your own pitiful forces since they would be unnecessary . """
va	NNS	Reading it conjured up images of handicapped people , both mentally and physically .
va	NN	Someone rushed forward to Douglas the minute they entered the gallery .
va	NN	Brick quickly regained his composure .
va	NN	I feel the temptation sometimes .
va	NN	I would never give him a divorce and he knew it .
va	NNS	At least they 'll get this Marlow guy 's alibi and if he has one , they can scratch him off the suspect list .
va	NNS	As he repeated this , Mo plucked a couple soft notes .
va	NN	A curly-haired guy in sunglasses gave me the once-over as he walked past me .
te	NN	She spread fresh straw over the floor , changed the water in the bucket , and took the rags into the back room .
te	NN	""" So you worked out the gas -- how long did it take you ? """
te	NNS	And Matt buses tables at the Space Needle .
te	NNS	Once he got home , he 'd have the resources to track Amber down .
te	NN	""" She wanted my opinion and I gave it to her ."
te	NNS	I see about three locations where y ' might want me t ' build yer manor house .
te	NNS	He trailed his fingertips up to her shoulders , then back down to where her lower back dipped in .
te	NNS	I took the two bread rolls from my backpack and halved them , handing them out .
te	NN	"I don 't have a. . . """
te	NNS	His wife , Betty , makes us Christmas cookies every year .
te	NN	"He found our dad 's old guitar and borrowed Mom 's makeup and hairspray . """
te	NN	It always reflects the inhabitants of the room .
te	NN	He leaves the pulse and trails upward along the side of my neck to my ear .
te	NNS	Mom pushed up the sleeves of her cardigan as she wrote on the blackboard : Evolving interpretations .
te	NN	They confirmed the identity and rank of Anatolian Smith .
te	NN	Her father had printed out a bunch of stuff from the Internet .
te	NN	""" The main floor has a variety of shops , catering to the hotel 's diverse clientele . """
te	NN	Amidst all this commotion the boy felt lost in the confusion .
te	NN	When she was almost done with the meal she heard the captain addressing her .
te	NN	Both of you hated the Final Empire , and fought it .
te	NN	She pushed the tip of the blade into a crack between the floorboards .
te	NNS	His majesty has bigger concerns .
te	NN	We had outgrown our competition by leaps and bounds .
te	NN	Tigris gives a throaty cackle .
te	NN	He took a pee against a palm tree .
te	NNS	Those that were not forming this defensive wall were chunking sophisticated grenades over its top .
te	NN	""" I once made a vow to you to love you forever , and now it 's time that I make another ."
te	NNS	The people who watch television also utilize those services .
te	NN	I could see a lane leading down from the farm to a road that went right along the side of the beach .
te	NN	"I 'll take a cab . """
te	NNS	"I just broke a few bones a while ago and it gets that way sometimes . """
te	NN	I took the envelope .
te	NNS	The sunlight forms patches of lace on the ground .
te	NNS	""" You can 't say those kinds of things to me , Nate ."
te	NN	He wore a simple tunic and had removed his turban .
te	NNS	The zombies were still lying motionless in the parking lot .
te	NN	I slung my axe behind my shoulder without a word .
te	NN	That she 'd understand the killer better ?
te	NNS	The envelope held two airline tickets and seeing his and Megan 's names in print made his gut hurt worse than moving .
te	NNS	Maybe it was just as well given the emails that were circulating .
te	NN	She adjusted the frequency and caught a few words that were quickly swallowed again .
te	NN	She inhaled a sob , her chest heaving .
te	NN	Worked a bow into her hair .
te	NNS	""" Or the heart fails and someone dies , "" Jack said grimly ."
te	NN	""" Then he will regain his great wisdom and lead us all into a bright new future . """
te	NN	"Silence met this statement , followed by , "" You 're kidding , right ?"
te	NN	He held up the notebook .
te	NNS	"No , because then you wouldn 't have all these little receipts . """
te	NN	That vampire blood had given her a link , however weak , to his kind .
te	NNS	My father plucked four , black suitcases from the conveyor belt and motioned for me to grab two of them .
te	NN	I have no notion of what to do .
te	NNS	"I heard whispers about how it was all "" so romantic "" and how lucky I was for catching Jonah 's eye ."
te	NN	He had a ton of them .
te	NNS	He can 't get fluid past the gas mask vents .
te	NN	Shrinking as he sprouted new arms , the Wanderer tried a punch and lost the new appendage .
te	NN	Cole stifled a chuckle .
te	NN	"You can have a poison and an antidote , but there can be something more to prevent oneself from being harmed by a poison . """
te	NNS	From where he stood at the window of Judson 's room , he could see glimpses of the river through a thick stand of fir and pine .
te	NNS	""" The rope has many uses ."
te	NN	Now they walked up a gently sloping ledge .
te	NN	Suddenly not hungry , she pushed away her bowl of porridge .
te	NN	She knew his routine ; he generally ordered roses at the beginning of a relationship and again close to the end .
te	NN	For one of the first times since Kelly told him about the affair , he felt compassion for her pain .
te	NN	I remembered the chicken recipe I planned on making , carefully going through each item before going over it again .
te	NNS	A slight grin tempted the corners of his mouth .
te	NNS	I could tell you the secrets of the bees .
te	NNS	Lea took off her gloves and started to wipe off the sweat from her face with her hands , until someone from behind gave her a towel .
te	NN	The knight gave a quick gasp and dropped dead down the stairs .
te	NNS	""" More like different planet aliens . """
te	NN	""" Oh , say , do you have any salt and pepper ?"
te	NN	Tessa felt a jolt .
te	NN	But Daren secretly dreaded the investigation of Kelly 's bedroom as he dreaded the discovery of the peep hole .
te	NN	She didn 't play any sport ; for exercise she had installed a treadmill in one of the bedrooms of her house .
te	NNS	After the story , I took Iris with me and we left .
te	NNS	"You can still see the cracks . """
te	NN	Further ahead a large opening appears , the narrow passage suddenly growing into a much larger , dome-shaped arena .
te	NNS	I mentioned the wounds I 'd received and the infection that had followed , but I hadn 't told her everything .
te	NNS	I needed some extra calories .
te	NNS	"But first you give me three kisses . """
te	NN	He would recognize any retreat as fear of his reaction , and that would give him an advantage .
te	NNS	But some prefer the caves .
te	NNS	The boys exchanged glances and bolted for the backyard .
te	NNS	Jules notices and quickly she leads me away to the kitchen .
te	NN	""" We found a whole section of this building that 's off limits to kids ."
te	NN	James jumped off the stool .
te	NNS	""" I 've heard rumors some of your patrons have seen men with glowing red eyes . """
te	NNS	Jackson engaged the craft 's belly thrusters , causing it to lift a couple meters off the ground while remaining horizontal .
te	NNS	They didn 't allow their wives to make any decisions on their own .
te	NN	Once again , I feel a flicker of unease , a squirming feeling of guilt .
te	NN	Danica felt the pulse of their hearts in the space between them .
te	NNS	""" I mean , the cortical field readings spiked once or twice , but that 's it ."
te	NN	"We approached your government with just such a proposition that we be allowed to co-exist among you . """
te	NNS	The Gant family tree had roots and branches that spread far and wide , on this shore and others .
te	NNS	Way to curl my toes before noon , Saldana .
te	NNS	A diner down the block had the flyers plastered across its windows and a sign proclaiming they refused to serve Wardens .
te	NN	I examined the little electronic black square that dangled from the key chain and hit the button to pop the trunk .
te	NN	At the word ' funeral , ' Layla felt a sob rising up in her , but she smothered it and clenched her jaw .
te	NNS	He dumped his bags on the bedroom floor to sort through his new things .
te	NNS	Pemberley to Waterloo Can their love withstand the trials of war ?
te	NN	""" I 'm leaving service ."
te	NNS	But she hated guns .
te	NN	"It 's got ta be food , right ? """
te	NNS	""" Sometimes you need a few more applications , but I 've got a good feeling about this ."
te	NNS	We 've seen your bank records .
te	NNS	She could see red markers for lobster pots , and beyond , the sea that refused to talk to her .
te	NN	I set a stack of files aside .
te	NNS	""" He knew the consequences when he left . """
te	NNS	He switched gears , and tried to recall his sins against History and Order , so he could repent of them .
te	NNS	They have guns , and vehicles !
te	NNS	""" We have encountered zombies near the road at every turn ."
te	NN	He eyed the trajectory of his snowmobile , gauging if he would need to bail before it ... skidded ... to a. . .
te	NN	He gave a little chuckle and left .
te	NNS	Very few of the souls traveling wore cloaks of any kind , since obviously that wasn 't the fashion trend above ground .
te	NN	I don 't mind the vibration deep in my chest , though .
te	NNS	Behind Dee 's back , Paul made small hooks with his fingers and clawed the air .
te	NN	""" To what do I owe this honor ? """
te	NN	Lousy phone service if you ask me .
te	NN	He only placed his empty mug on the floor between them .
te	NN	Releasing the winch hook , she grabbed the chain and swung in a long , fast arc smashing into the men with her feet extended .
te	NNS	In the village they had won the races against the other children .
te	NNS	He ripped her thin panties in haste and settled himself over her .
te	NNS	"I always repay my debts . """
te	NN	Irritated , Jacqueline took the egg carton from the door and grabbed a cube of Monterey Jack cheese .
te	NN	The situation has just entered a whole new dimension .
te	NN	I 'll just need the marriage certificate as soon as it 's finalized .
te	NN	If Mack hadn 't thought to look in the hiding space again , she might never have seen this diary .
te	NN	And now you make an excellent lab rat .
te	NNS	And every item still had the tags on them .
te	NNS	The shock of his words left Susan speechless .
te	NN	Maybe he could think up a bug fairy-tale .
te	NNS	""" Sun flares have ravaged many parts of the earth ."
te	NN	Clearly she hadn 't mastered the art of video conferencing .
te	NN	She accepted his statement as if it were music to her ears .
te	NNS	We rotated shifts , a barrage of bullets , and then the cleanup crews .
te	NN	I brought out her scarf and wrapped it over my head .
te	NN	She brought up a shield as she grabbed two telekinetic wands she kept under her mattress for emergencies .
te	NN	Albert climbed the forward companionway .
te	NNS	""" Give you five baskets , give you ? """
te	NNS	You freaking flight attendants .
te	NNS	He took a few sips , and it seemed to help .
te	NNS	He also checked their feed bins and hay racks and noted that the horses had been eating regularly .
te	NNS	""" He couldn 't smear his opponents without making himself look very , very bad ."
te	NN	What do we need a housekeeper for ?
te	NNS	He 'd heard vague rumors , but nothing detailed .
te	NN	""" I trust your judgment ."
te	NNS	She had seen posters around the Academy for days , but never engrossed herself in the information .
te	NN	At the very same instant a man with a torch flashed the beam toward the cat .
te	NN	Overstreet didn 't answer , just kept walking toward the door , his eyes glazed over , his mouth slack .
te	NN	The old man took a bowl from a stack utensils in the corner and ladled a large helping of the bubbling soup into it .
te	NN	His words sent a fluttering in my belly , and I desperately wanted to return the favor for him .
te	NN	"We could have probably bagged this account from the start ! """
te	NNS	They 'd gone approximately 150 meters when a tremendous explosion shook the ground and halted the column again .
te	NNS	He stopped , motionless , every ten paces or so ... . .
te	NN	"So have you , uh , analyzed the cat 's brain tissue ? """
te	NNS	I just ... hate nursing homes .
te	NN	My face flames red at the thought and the two women chuckle , like they know what I 'm thinking .
te	NNS	' Well , it doesn 't exactly curl my toes , but I can 't say I 've enjoyed the experience so far . '
te	NNS	We Americans see events from our side .
te	NNS	He could see the two goons , the original Mercedes driver , two people who were smartly dressed and one more person .
te	NNS	Here at last they met other travellers on the road , and the local villagers , though hospitable , were much less willing to put up travellers .
te	NN	Previously Stacy had heard this passage interpreted as referring to the moment of crucifixion .
te	NNS	During these times , he had suffered wounds that were far worse and lost more men .
te	NNS	Less than two hundred feet away , Scott was pacing the gates , his eyes sweeping the crush of bodies pouring in and out of the gates .
te	NNS	Most of the merchants sold everyday goods ; grain from the interior or from overseas , figs and olives , raisins and wine and wool .
te	NN	And making sure she could see , he stuck the whole cookie in his mouth .
te	NNS	That would explain her ridiculous boobs .
te	NN	"I need meat . """
te	NN	The Captain read the text out loud , explaining each area : Sections One through Six .
te	NN	"Lydia saw the disapproval and said "" Bad idea , huh . """
te	NN	He touches the tomb .
te	NN	Very slowly , almost reluctantly , she pulled off the sweater , as if somewhere deep inside she knew she was giving him more than her innocence .
te	NN	He took out his handkerchief to mop his brow .
te	NNS	""" I can 't tell you all my secrets . """
te	NNS	Adam drew his elbows into his body , ducking his head , willing his ears to clear .
te	NN	Oh , my heavens , you like our chubby drug dealer here .
te	NNS	"Come on , let 's get our seats . """
te	NN	He will ruin The Sanctuary if he stays here .
te	NN	""" I joined the Coven Master 's harem in London , where I would be safe ."
te	NN	She picks up the coffee mug .
te	NNS	""" I 've got lots of plans for Casey 's time , so I think she 'll be needing the help . """
te	NNS	Several guards pulled swords so that the light struck the silver , making it gleam as if in eagerness .
te	NN	I 'd seen her surfing .
te	NNS	If that doesn 't work check the other ticket counters around the city .
te	NN	"The rest of us will join the drumming in a minute . """
te	NNS	I can see the sharp angles of her shoulders underneath her peach cardigan .
te	NNS	Mysteries unfurled themselves for her like flowers and revealed to her their quiet centers .
te	NN	"Foucault had a long-standing partner but had valued anonymous sex in California 's "" leather bars . """
te	NN	"She can 't strengthen her influence in the world without strengthening every one of her curses , every one of her spells , at once . """
te	NNS	He stuffed the panties into his back pocket and she fought a grin .
te	NNS	""" You have as many options as you give yourself . """
te	NN	From then on , the family held no compassion for those who bore darkness in their hearts .
te	NN	""" Because ... "" "" I only carried liability coverage ."
te	NNS	But for now I 'll use a few butterfly bandages .
te	NN	He gave a deep chuckle and directed both my arms back around his neck to rest on his shoulders .
te	NNS	She gripped her elbows .
te	NNS	""" They found faint traces of human scent , and human blood , along the trail ."
te	NN	Marcel would take offense if Magnus didn 't praise every item .
te	NN	Two months ago Jacqueline would have taken offense at that but now she knew it was simply posturing .
te	NNS	""" Under no circumstances should you ask passers-by any questions , or make any comments on what you have seen . """
te	NNS	He had all kinds of thoughts going through his head .
te	NNS	The younger of the two looked terrified , her eyes great round holes of panic .
te	NNS	""" We were all putting away our tools and having a glass of ale as an end to the day ."
te	NNS	I cut my potatoes , not answering him .
te	NN	"This one will make lucky thirteen . """
te	NN	Clary could hear the strain in it .
te	NN	If you 're reading this without having paid for it , please go buy a copy .
te	NNS	She extended her wings to take off .
te	NNS	Armed police forces in green uniforms and jackboots carried machine guns over their shoulder .
te	NN	I could feel the floor slant downward slightly as if we were plunging into the earth .
te	NN	She handed Nina the other walkie-talkie .
te	NNS	We had no siblings , so Shane wasn 't sure what that kind of attachment felt like .
te	NNS	She and Richard both had their faults , but they 'd created a good life together .
te	NNS	The gate attendant scanned their tickets and they were finally inside the stadium .
te	NNS	""" Does she have any personality flaws ? """
te	NN	Fortunately , he had a stack of all your books on a table .
te	NN	He 'd tried a similar approach last night and it hadn 't gotten him anywhere , but it was a start .
te	NN	That she may have a strange ability only solidifies my belief that she is Bait , exactly like the voice you heard in your head today .
te	NNS	"As always , he skipped the pleasantries : "" You line up the location , Winston ? """
te	NNS	""" Dance with me , Dream Eyes ? """
te	NNS	""" You need your high-ranking guests to think we 're having a great time ?"
te	NN	I lost my emergency kit , but gained a bag of magical potions and an invisibility glove .
te	NN	She still wanted this adventure with him , and had tried to pull strings herself to get it , deliberately sexing up her appearance .
te	NN	""" Nick should have backup in dealing with her , or - "" "" Or something might happen to him ?"
te	NNS	""" Well , yes , but - "" "" No buts ."
te	NN	Even so , an opponent could take a terrible beating .
te	NN	Taking a second , I tested the bond for Seth .
te	NN	You have clearance to see Steve at any hour .
te	NN	Pushing an oil barrel aside , he located the chain under a pile of rusted machine parts and gripped it firmly .
te	NN	I stood stock still , at a loss .
te	NN	""" You should enjoy the indulgence now ."
te	NNS	""" Long nylon sheets which are secured to the ceiling ."
te	NN	Nurse Potter zipped the tent behind me as I entered , then directed me to a small bench .
te	NNS	""" When he is like this , I have no qualms leaving him with you , but just in case , keep the stun gun nearby . """
te	NNS	' Any question , ' said Tomas , also whispering .
te	NN	And you can 't demand payment from somebody for something they never even asked for .
te	NN	We enlisted the aid to two sales representatives to help us comb every rack in the department .
te	NNS	"Does mainly divorce investigations . """
te	NN	He could still feel the dark malevolence through Shea .
te	NNS	A death in a high school typically stirred up quite a ruckus and sometimes even media attention .
te	NNS	""" Why don 't I man the controls and you get thrown around , water can be pretty hard at four hundred miles an hour ! """
te	NN	She had no clue about how to make a sword and even less about how to use it .
te	NNS	The soldier in the living room yelled loudly , but it didn 't slow his partner down .
te	NN	Besides , I am not talking about cutthroat competition .
te	NN	Besides , nothing could have changed the outcome between her and Chase .
te	NN	Someone hit the alarm as we rounded the corner .
te	NN	Would you rather be out there ringing a bell or sitting in here with the William Smell Overture ?
te	NN	Together Nick and I rose up the ladder of passion , higher and higher , until we climaxed at the same time .
te	NNS	He took the hammers and shuffled around behind the stones again .
te	NN	""" You do have a recent injury . """
te	NN	It 's making a buzz in the media .
te	NNS	While the woman speaks she takes the opportunity to acquaint herself with table , charts , equipment , brushing her fingertips over the naked lightbulb .
te	NNS	I set down our bags and went over to the woodstove to build a fire .
te	NN	"Use the mace . """
te	NN	He used the last ounce of strength to pull himself up .
te	NN	He grabbed the sack of food and opened the other door , revealing a black tunnel .
te	NNS	Over Gabriel 's head a large tree branch cracked ominously and plummeted to earth .
te	NN	Gia pulled the ham and cheese from the bread , rolled them together and took a bite , discarding the bread .
te	NN	"... Okay , I 'll guarantee the bond . """
te	NNS	She tapped the gates .
te	NN	But , lucky for the kids and the bleacher bums like herself , they had perfect softball weather in which to enjoy the game .
te	NNS	He didn 't have the copies on him , they were safe , he said .
te	NN	he asked the soldier , luckily a stranger to him .
te	NN	""" Bring the address . """
te	NNS	Half the people in the lobby had press passes and half had NASA photo IDs around their necks .
te	NNS	Far ahead he saw mountains , or perhaps , only large hills .
te	NN	She had a stack of folders in her arms and was reaching distractedly for the access badge at her waist .
te	NNS	I eye the various colors of liquid .
te	NN	V grabs the target while Cake and I discourage any of his friends .
te	NNS	""" That sounds real lonely , Freckles . """
te	NNS	""" My father has sent a governess to escort me home !"
te	NNS	He could just make out some big rat shapes pouring through the hole .
te	NNS	And they made their whispers louder for her benefit .
te	NNS	He doesn 't always follow the pack traditions .
te	NNS	Nova couldn 't hear the shouts of the owner over the noise of the crowd .
te	NN	Dan lifted the barrel of the gun slightly where the bullets ripped into the great beast 's throat and upwards into the snout .
te	NNS	They also took witness statements .
te	NNS	But these days Darlene used Gran 's recipes and did most of the cooking at the restaurant .
te	NNS	They passed the Bishop 's Arms .
te	NNS	Sitting back with Ashton , I pull out some files that I was going to work on at home anyway .
te	NN	Auschwitz had drained the colour from the people , the land , and the buildings .
te	NNS	""" I remember impressions , mostly ."
te	NNS	With gratitude and love , I spread eager kisses over his cheeks and lips .
te	NN	From my porch , I watched the Bentley dip down the hill as if it was a feather thrown from a tall building .
te	NN	Marie didn 't usually call a man 's bluff .
te	NN	"Gio picked up the folder in front of her and said , "" I 'll finish the Lyndon report , Rena ."
te	NNS	"To have loads of children , naming the first Agatha of course , because naturally she wouldn 't allow us to have a boy first . """
te	NN	""" Well , in that case ... I , I do some tutoring . """
te	NN	He indicated a jug of blood that was perched on a shelf .
te	NN	"Snakes have a very limited vocabulary , so it 's not all that difficult to pick up a few here and there . """
te	NN	"Why are we attending this event ? """
te	NN	""" Nick , if he wasn 't going to help us , then he was impeding our progress and was a threat ."
te	NN	He took up the slack in the sail line and looped it under the backs of his legs in a makeshift harness .
te	NN	This ship will have a policy of transparency .
te	NNS	The only items on the menu I figured he would be able to handle were mashed potatoes , Jell-O and ice cream .
te	NNS	Kings made mistakes , sure .
te	NN	Mr. Charles Roman had an expensive lifestyle and this might have been his undoing .
te	NN	""" She has a big crush on the pilot ."
te	NN	"Marked bills ring a bell ? """
te	NNS	You surely recognise my tactics and employ them , too !
te	NNS	All she did was cast Hiro terrified glances .
te	NNS	""" My parents had considerable resources ."
te	NNS	I had two options .
te	NNS	"Then let stakes run through their bodies from their loins to their heads and stand these poles before those fools blocking our way . """
te	NN	In one act , she 'd cured his headache and grounded him back in this reality .
te	NNS	A bush had sprouted several twigs with rows of blunt , closely set thorns just when she needed them .
te	NN	"Glory hasn 't been given Internet clearance . """
te	NN	Cain needed no further encouragement .
te	NNS	"Smell the gloves Patrick 's second was wearing . """
te	NNS	""" Even if we did get caught , which we won 't , my boss wouldn 't press charges . """
te	NNS	I didn 't even find any personal electronics other than the standard computer that came chained to each dorm room .
te	NNS	""" Temporary work associates . """
te	NN	The man had reached the curb only meters away .
te	NNS	She blinked her lids and choose to be silent .
te	NN	"As a matter of fact , Wye has a famous zoo , probably the best on the planet after the Imperial Zoo itself . """
te	NNS	"She had been denied "" gifts "" ; she did not want to be denied this too ."
te	NNS	""" We have extensive resources ."
te	NN	You have a comprehensive grasp of strategy , of CSA rules of engagement , and our code of conduct .
te	NN	"But let 's face it , "" he leaned forward and nudged me , "" they get the easy part in the house everyday . """
te	NN	Right then , I didn 't have no clue what I wanted , so it worked fine .
te	NN	His smile sent a chill through me .
te	NNS	Eduard and I exchanged glances .
te	NN	The seven horsemen encircled the barbaric individual , beating on him from a distance with their clubs .
te	NN	Hannah loved that studio .
te	NNS	I could make my own decisions and not be haunted by my mistakes .
te	NNS	""" He took their wills , their choices , away from them ."
te	NNS	Ian placed our bags in the back of Simon 's little sports car .
te	NNS	Inside , Davion and Father Corin spoke loudly , as if from across the room from each other .
te	NN	""" They were stolen property and couldn 't be counted as spoils . """
te	NNS	His hands roamed the contours of her back ... then lower .
te	NN	She set the steaming bowl of food before him with a silver fork , knife , paper napkin , and glass goblet of wine .
te	NNS	"It had eleven pupils at the time . """
te	NN	"Anyway , when we 're back in the city I 'll get a taxi when I want to go out . """
te	NN	He took the sack out of Abe 's hands and jogged around the building to Horace 's campsite .
te	NN	I 'd never had a fallen angel have this effect on me before .
te	NNS	She opened drawers in the kitchen and smiled at their old dishes and silverware .
te	NNS	We had many options .
te	NNS	""" We never had chickens ."
te	NNS	In the weeks after their honeymoon they had long talks about the future .
te	NNS	At the sound of Reyes 's voice , she blinked open her eyelids .
te	NNS	In his time , San Francisco had bustled more than the towns around here .
te	NNS	If they wanted to recover , they were given the tools .
te	NNS	Kneeling by the idling Jeep , he studied the baked footprints in the fading sunlight filtering through the jungle canopy .
te	NNS	The Sheriff took the slick corners at angles that made him wish for the craggy road again .
te	NNS	""" Are there splinter groups ? """
te	NN	The sun , still new to the morning , cast its first golden hue of light through the trees .
te	NN	I couldn 't leave the sheet there .
te	NN	""" I will be wearing this black cloak with the white star on its shoulder ."
te	NN	Dollop picked up the hose and rammed it through the soil .
te	NN	Steel upon steel the blades fell and rose again , a lethal blur of metal .
te	NN	After you removed the arrow from Huntress Livia , I heard her mumble .
te	NNS	The products get rave reviews , and the business is growing like crazy .
te	NN	I let my lip pop free and a smile sneaks through .
te	NNS	I resisted Robert 's many invitations to visit his family because , well you know -- there but for the grace of God and all that .
te	NN	Murdoch 's jaw went slack at the scene that greeted him .
te	NN	Darryl managed a light chuckle .
te	NN	"Either talk to me or I 'm calling the Secret Service and you can talk to them . """
te	NNS	The EOD had some pretty powerful strings .
te	NN	Unlike every other product land has no competition .
te	NNS	""" Why don 't I offer my services as tour guide to the two most charming tourists in London ? """
te	NN	Given the choice of continued walking , or chancing the climb , the Professor considered the ladder .
te	NN	Once he 'd gotten her scent , Tessa stroked the pretty white blaze , enjoying the soft hair and velvety skin of Buster 's muzzle .
te	NNS	She 'd never heard bells like that .
te	NNS	My mom has these cool wireless speakers I 'll bring over and hook it up to my iPod .
te	NN	"Let 's finally get this journey underway . """
te	NN	An hour ago and he would have cursed and ignored the urgent peel ; now he would answer it on the way back from the kitchen .
te	NN	He had a slight accent , and I noticed that he was limping slightly .
te	NNS	I always joke that it makes him look like one of those old-fashioned pilots they have photos of in the museums .
te	NN	Army logistics had provided a stock of tea for their British staff but it was horrid .
te	NNS	""" By the way , I 'm fixing enough eggs and grits to feed an army ."
te	NN	""" You have the device ? """
te	NN	Turning to Willow and Declan , Duffy put a small paw to his lips in a gesture to be quiet .
te	NN	He stuck his right paw up waving .
te	NNS	""" No , I was just in there taking her vitals and she was alone . """
te	NN	They sped down the driveway , and Ethan gunned the car towards the road as Julie saw Greg struggling to his feet .
te	NN	' Knuckles , ' said the Dean helpfully .
te	NN	No , Rik preferred the mainland where , if you needed to run , you could go thousands of miles whilst avoiding manned border crossings .
te	NN	Swear the vow , and you can shut the door on this night .
te	NN	""" Gees , Claire ... have some mercy ."
te	NNS	He had spent the last five nights resisting the urge to feed on the woman .
te	NN	We provide a wide variety of goods and services , but we force none of our goods and services on those who choose not to patronize us .
te	NN	They were investigating the event as a vehicular homicide and not an accident .
te	NNS	The bright light of the morning , bathed the oasis in a warm golden light , the warriors were adjusting saddles and sharpening axes .
te	NNS	The soldiers raised their rifles and prepared to fire .
te	NN	He instantly rubbed his hand soothingly over the area , but he didn 't release her .
te	NN	I walked down the aisle and found our seats .
te	NN	""" I got a text from him half an hour ago ."
te	NNS	Set safeguards for Skyler and take me home .
te	NN	""" Once a klutz ... "" I held my broom with one hand , the dustpan with the other ."
te	NN	Destiny felt an instant kinship with her .
te	NNS	It has kept my secrets from the prying eyes of mortal men for countless years .
te	NNS	They described inanimate objects that could walk that they used as workers .
te	NNS	Miriam stepped over the train rails and stood behind the other prisoners .
te	NN	Shouldn 't she feel more possessive of her dates ?
te	NN	The robot shifted the large rucksack it carried , but did not increase its pace .
te	NNS	They would 've swabbed the decks too , but I insisted they leave that job to the last one awake .
te	NN	Jason simply matched my stride and pressed on .
te	NNS	Parents filled the balconies and bleachers , row after row of chairs lined across the basketball court .
te	NNS	Nate complained loudly , now flying again .
te	NN	""" With the ROV in place , you could monitor our progress from up here . """
te	NN	"I must 've bruised your ego a lot more than I gave myself credit for . """
te	NNS	As I walked along the path I planned my moves for the night ahead .
te	NN	Evelyn was wearing a bathrobe and slippers , but Dale was dressed in the clothes he wore to mow the lawn .
te	NN	Kirk handed the envelope to me when I exited the shower after a late-afternoon run .
te	NNS	"I don 't like the results when you leave earlier than I 'm ready . """
te	NNS	Afraid the pressure of my high speed could crush or break any bones she might have broken on her fall .
te	NN	Both sides own a portion of the truth , what is real .
te	NN	He brought Julia 's luggage to Gio 's bedroom and asked if she would like him to unpack for her .
te	NNS	""" I had a few grenades in a drawer at home ."
te	NN	I could feel the brace of his hidden blade , brought my other hand forward and began fumbling with the fastenings .
te	NN	Kevin was usually expressing his sarcasm when the subject or conditions were perhaps not completely tragic , but not hilarious either .
te	NNS	I spent many evenings dozing off on her couch while she and Bryce worked on the different decorations .
te	NN	Frustratingly , August did not mention the demo of ' The Dead White Sky ' , and Theo was too shy to bring it up .
te	NNS	The three kids approached the great twin towers in silence .
te	NNS	"I 've never seen such pretty colors before , not even in Mr. Jacobs 's shop . """
te	NN	How it could be worse though , she didn 't have a clue .
te	NN	Her heart skidded down a slippery slope and fell with a big , messy splat .
te	NNS	He 'd already covered two sheets with these numbers , and as Eleanor watched , Ian finished a third paper and started a fourth .
te	NNS	And I have open wounds .
te	NNS	Captain Iverson barked loudly .
te	NNS	I heard echoes of Tina 's voice in his words .
te	NN	The Lord Merchant sprinkled the salt on his meal .
te	NN	A moment later , he grasped her h * ps and helped direct her as she rode him until they both found glorious satisfaction .
te	NN	""" You would make a pretty good leader . """
te	NNS	I 'd have the locks changed as soon as humanly possible .
te	NN	But , he couldn 't get over the twisting in his gut .
te	NNS	You see the squeaky creatures and yet you don 't leap !
te	NN	He had a goose egg on the right side of his head , near the temple .
te	NN	"Look , I 've never seen a ghost before , never even had a presentiment or a psychic dream . """
te	NNS	Remaining completely still , she considered her options .
te	NN	They don 't call me the best interplanetary recovery agent in the galaxy for nothing .
te	NN	The fireplaces in their rooms would take off the chill .
te	NN	He shakes his skull .
te	NNS	He had heard the rumors .
te	NN	Shane snagged half her sandwich from her plate as he passed .
te	NNS	Emma might have employed her services , but Catherine had little doubt it was Judge Montgomery who held court over the world around him .
te	NN	I checked my recipe and poked at the simmering pan , then lowered the heat .
te	NNS	' If this rain continues through the night , ' he thought , ' we shall have the beginnings of a little lake by morning . '
te	NN	"Kent studied Jace 's handiwork for a moment and then said in grim disappointment , "" you are summoned to stand before the Council ."
te	NNS	""" The temperature 's dropped at least ten degrees since this morning . """
te	NN	"Can 't you just bring me a jug of water and let me take some pills or something ? """
te	NNS	Sparks spiraled outwards , like burning dandelion seeds wafting on a breeze .
te	NNS	""" Put down those video games and come eat your damn food ! """
te	NNS	I killed lots of time walking the halls , because we were weeks away from having anything to do .
te	NN	""" To control a particle network . """
te	NNS	""" Perhaps I should take over bussing tables and you can cook . """
te	NN	""" God damn it , you 've seen that portrait thousands of times !"
te	NNS	The man issued compliments too easily , and she didn 't intend to be swayed by his glib tongue .
te	NN	I love late , old ... er , classic popular music .
te	NNS	We ordered our dinners and ate as I talked all about the cloning and the recent genetic deterioration .
te	NN	No one touched his mate .
te	NNS	He had his tentacles back , but as a tattoo so bright and life-like that a glance made them seem real .
te	NNS	It tossed aside boulders with slow and steady ease that should have been impossible for a man of its size to even lift .
te	NN	The Sea of Boston entered hyperspace and went back to Coalition space .
te	NNS	He sounded irritated again , and she guessed that this time it was because he knew exactly what she was talking about .
te	NNS	She went over and over the moves in her mind until she was certain she could execute each one perfectly and complete the mission .
te	NN	Ben created the perfect access for a persnickety king .
te	NN	I sure don 't want some guy reminding of Sophie by running his hands over my body and sticking his thing inside me .
te	NNS	Mikey put the finishing touches on the golem .
te	NNS	He leaned up against the mouth of the tunnel and peered out , he saw no ground vehicles or tracks so he looked up .
te	NNS	Then Grubbs blows on them the way he 'd blow on a feather .
te	NN	He lost a little steam and wondered how to proceed .
te	NNS	Lucian could also feel the effects of the sun on his skin despite the dark clouds veiling the sun .
te	NN	The momentum of the thrust carried the man 's torso halfway over the counter .
te	NNS	The remaining soldiers in the group have their guns pointed at the kneeling soldiers .
te	NNS	I tabulated the results .
te	NNS	Because other than opera , Della really had no passions .
te	NN	The exertion kept her sane .
te	NN	His face reflected disinterest .
te	NN	I brushed away some straw from my knees and straightened up .
te	NNS	Jim and Jack ignored the ruckus as they looked at the drawing behind the painting .
te	NN	I held the sheet with one hand and walked to his side of the desk .
te	NNS	They had lost three ancients in that fight .
te	NNS	He probably could grow wings and fly away .
te	NNS	Surveillance were in a building a short distance away aiming their lenses through the window .
te	NN	Dr. Clarity waved his wand faster and faster .
te	NN	She doesn 't sound bitchy or anything ; she sounds sad .
te	NNS	There are used facial tissues protruding from one of the pockets .
te	NNS	You 'll work twelve hour shifts , six days a week .
te	NN	Melissa tilted her head curiously .
te	NN	""" Call the temp agency and tell them you quit ."
te	NN	She passed some gas and made a rude comment which almost made Charlie laugh and give away her hiding spot .
te	NNS	Hundreds of fires dotted the hills all about him like stars that had fallen from the sky .
te	NNS	""" You must not tell the villagers . """
te	NNS	""" You now have flight controls ."
te	NN	He made a mug of tea , and added a generous slug .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , I 'm not bearing any gifts because I 'm not doing so well , Gretchen .
te	NNS	' No indeed , ' said Zeus with a smile .
te	NNS	"We 'll go shopping Lizzie . """
te	NN	His own books would give him no guidance .
te	NNS	John showed me his dimples .
te	NNS	Their shoes left footprints in the sand ; no matter how silent they were there was no hiding .
te	NN	Claudette , my eldest , set aside her pitchfork .
te	NN	When we reached the second verse , however , I added harmony in a contralto voice .
te	NNS	Claus would forever bear the scars on his left forearm .
te	NNS	The hammers struck the bells and their loud , clear sounds reverberated throughout the city .
te	NN	Right now we 're hunting down a rogue agent named Mike Arnold .
te	NNS	"We got some pillows and blankets but it ' aint gon na be comfortable . """
te	NNS	She stepped over the panties and saw the rest of her clothes , scattered on the floor like she was a messy college girl .
te	NNS	They all had different gifts .
te	NNS	This man had obviously prepared other women 's baths before .
te	NNS	""" I 've made a few guesses ."
te	NN	I have quite often felt regret at not joining the force on my release from the Military Police .
te	NNS	""" You have relatives ? """
te	NN	""" Sounds like a newcomer ! """
te	NN	She feigned indifference while her palms grew damp within her gloves .
te	NNS	""" Mr Lee may have his faults but he beat me fair and square . """
te	NNS	The gravitational force caused the projectiles to bend back into it , protecting Terry .
te	NNS	""" Ten thousand pounds ! """
te	NNS	Someone gave me season tickets to the Boston Celtics .
te	NNS	""" You keep handcuffs with you ? """
te	NNS	The cake vendor watched the proceedings , arrested in the act of lifting another cake off his tiny coal stove .
te	NN	Once the storm came and the lightning struck , I held the torch under my little tent made with my jacked ... which caught fire .
te	NNS	"We wanted our cheap cell phones and cheap plasma TV 's , not worrying one bit about what lurked out there . """
te	NN	But to request the aide of Fey when she cannot protect this precious piece herself got me thinking .
te	NNS	""" One child for each of her humanoid mates at the time . """
te	NN	Manfred found this disconcerting .
te	NN	She pulled the disc from the player and snapped it into its box .
te	NN	He pulled the string back slowly , preparing to release the missle .
te	NN	Zoey admired her boomerang .
te	NNS	"Also to suggest other improvements that will help us to continue . """
te	NN	""" They accept cash and don 't require ID . """
te	NN	""" Just sizing up the competition ."
te	NN	She took a swallow of her cold coffee and grimaced .
te	NN	Tonight , though , I found Sloane 's high-speed statistical babbling to be strangely soothing .
te	NN	I buckle my seatbelt .
te	NN	He wagged his tail before turning around and heading out of the kitchen .
te	NN	He pulled out a red silk restraint and dangled it in front of me .
te	NNS	"You can 't steal maidens from their future husbands with a crooked nose . """
te	NN	"It has a bigger tub than in my room . """
te	NNS	Closer , I lean closer again and then her mouth rips away from mine .
te	NNS	Jane and Cole both pulled out their cell phones only to discover them dead .
te	NNS	She scanned the pertinent entries , noting names , and hurried back down to the lower laboratories , this time heading for her father 's office .
te	NN	Inside the apartment , Tommy had carefully removed any concession to age and history .
te	NN	When she 'd taken her seat again , the DJ began Noah 's selection .
te	NN	I came down the ladder and stood next to her , eyeing the room critically .
te	NN	He cast away the shield , grabbed Astrid and cradled her in his massive arms .
te	NN	Nash finally reached his destination and headed inside .
te	NNS	Sean obviously spent his summers shirtless in the sun .
te	NN	I don 't need the milk anymore to see magical creatures .
te	NN	Ed offered a brief explanation .
te	NN	Over instant coffee with powdered creamer , Clay explained the contract for his services and answered their questions about the litigation .
te	NNS	We 're not allowed overnight guests .
te	NN	She opened her e-mail account and typed in her brother 's address .
te	NNS	""" Someone wearing long sleeves , not a uniform . """
te	NNS	I never had guns at home .
te	NNS	Camille 's silence preceded her usual comments about Andrew .
te	NN	Vulcan then delivered a punch to Auron 's stomach .
te	NNS	"I 'm forgetting all the manners my mother tried so hard to teach me . """
te	NN	Aden felt the absence of him all the way to his bones .
te	NNS	His wiry frame , all five feet ten inches of it , displayed the characteristics of an active person .
te	NNS	The father dug ditches in the scorching sunlight while his long-dead grandmother yelled at him .
te	NNS	Sutton , Little , take the other Reapers , and bring over what you can from the house : they will need more supply , here .
te	NN	She brought him a cigar , which she lit with expertise .
te	NNS	Then I pulled my best life-threatening fight moves meant to instill fear in the hearts of all .
te	NNS	I don 't know any fancy moves .
te	NNS	She was shoving black trash bags into the rear seat , and the wagon was filled with clothes .
te	NN	You can watch the squirrels overhead and the people at the campsite and the loons on the lake , if the place is so situated .
te	NN	I don 't have access to it .
te	NNS	The frustrated angry fingers move past probing .
te	NNS	The doorbell chimed and Maryanne 's parents exchanged brief glances .
te	NNS	Maryellen had refused all his invitations .
te	NNS	I hate wicker baskets !
te	NN	He couldn 't risk detection , leaving them vulnerable here .
te	NN	Tonya took another puff , exhaled and drank a final good swallow of coffee .
te	NN	She finally identified the source of the cold draft .
te	NN	Mike let his instinct to retaliate subside before he spoke , knowing that Terry was right .
te	NN	He felt an unexplainable buzz in his body ; his muscles contracted , felt cold inside though he sweated and finally he could not breathe anymore .
te	NNS	All serving slaves wore white gloves .
te	NNS	"I am convinced he was a young man when my father was born , "" Hans said grimly ."
te	NN	Before allowing Betty to try and enter , Jeremy lit a torch and peered into the opening .
te	NN	In quick gulps Garth emptied the flask .
te	NNS	The wall had no ladders , no handholds .
te	NN	And then I shut down my laptop .
te	NN	When he turned fourteen , he set his grandfather aside and took the crown for himself .
te	NNS	Cried until the librarian took the headphones from my head and pressed my face to her chest .
te	NNS	Why don 't you cut all your associates back to forty hours a week so they can spend more time with their families ?
te	NN	Of Merrill 's two remaining vampire children , Kyle had the closest bond with Franklin .
te	NN	His thumb first circled the pulsating mass of nerves and then rolled over it with not quite enough pressure .
te	NN	He tossed the torch back to one of his brothers and then dropped to his knees , gathering Eveline in his arms .
te	NN	""" I did some research last night . """
te	NN	The suspicious TED watched Beth curiously , a look of mild disbelief on his face .
te	NNS	This girl was bringing all kinds of unwanted things into her home .
te	NNS	"He has some private concerns . """
te	NN	She released her seat belt and turning around she told Sam he was about to get wet and splashed him as well .
te	NN	Captain McGregor raised his metal goblet to take another sip of the claret , when a spark jumped off the handle and landed on his nose .
te	NNS	They had front-row seats to the breakup .
te	NNS	He was even allowed some privileges , such as the cell C almost a normal room Che shared in the barrack with only one other prisoner .
te	NNS	Julian 's laughter wrapped its cold tips around her heart .
te	NNS	Amusement lifted the corners of his lips .
te	NNS	""" Good , pull the pillows away . """
te	NNS	""" No , I love cheese fries , chocolate milkshakes , The Killers , Metric , Lucky jeans , my mom and dad and Andrea . """
te	NNS	I saw those mangled limbs again ; wasted bodies contorted in the final struggle , faces smeared with blood .
te	NNS	""" Then make amends with your boyfriend ."
te	NNS	""" We admire your gifts and talents . """
te	NN	""" I 'm just making a sandwich . """
te	NN	He grabbed a long-sleeved T-shirt and yanked it on over his head .
te	NN	' I do not know what injustice you mean , but I will not let you desecrate this place .
te	NN	""" You mean my ' sponsor ' ?"
te	NNS	"You must remember , he would not attack my life choices if he did not care deeply for what he thinks is right . """
te	NNS	They didn 't keep files , per se , at the time .
te	NN	Paul turned down the third parking aisle past families , baby strollers , and a bagger pushing a long line of grocery carts .
te	NN	- needs this link with the Survivor .
te	NN	She had no clue what he was capable of to keep her , and it was best she didn 't .
te	NN	After a few moments , he broke off the embrace to perform another round of leaping celebrations .
te	NN	Gretchen climbed the step stool and hung her curtain .
te	NN	She took the flyer , crumpling it in her hand .
te	NNS	"Ain 't necessarily the minerals . """
te	NN	"Once we got here , we fired up the module 's generator . """
te	NNS	shouts Six , just as the creature flaps its wings and takes to the air .
te	NN	He put the loaded pipe into his mouth and set a match to it .
te	NNS	When the pilot brought the balloon to a nice cruising height , Nick and Rena could see patches of fields , trees , and homes below .
te	NN	He chuckled dryly , then blew a puff of smoke into the air .
te	NN	I vaguely heard some commotion behind us , and it sounded like I was buried deep below the earth , hearing things going on above the surface .
te	NN	Love Dad Next came a short passage clipped from one of the transcripts .
te	NNS	The darkened sky muted the fall colors and added a grayish tinge to the atmosphere .
te	NN	"I got a raise . """
te	NNS	""" Right , but if people think you 're fixing it up , it 'll kill any rumors that you 're getting rid of it . """
te	NNS	' Couldn 't we just close off the parts where we won 't be living ?
te	NN	She let out another gasp .
te	NNS	But what other options did we have ?
te	NN	""" I changed the gas and returned it to them ."
te	NN	They didn 't notice Lina 's approach until she was near upon them .
te	NNS	""" How many phones have you got ?"
te	NN	Harriet attended the tea and cookies ceremony almost every day , but I 'm not a cookie person and , so far , had not partaken .
te	NNS	""" Choices have consequences , Pres. That 's not my doing . """
te	NN	He lifted the brandy to Daniel 's lips .
te	NNS	I cleared the broken limbs out of both our driveways , and with everyone 's help , we cleared the ice and snow off the trucks .
te	NN	She held the folded sheet hard to his chest .
te	NNS	His glance toward Chris and Melissa set Cassie 's hackles on edge .
te	NNS	""" Can you get tickets ? """
te	NN	"He 's reading a grudge against the local law man . """
te	NNS	His younger brothers exchanged uneasy glances .
te	NNS	He should take lessons from this guy .
te	NNS	"Don 't forget the donuts . """
te	NNS	"I heard rumors that was what you were doing in here . """
te	NNS	Yet , all the G5 members constantly visited their relatives and their families came to see them .
te	NN	They locked the device from the back .
te	NN	In the days leading up to Scott 's birthday Grampa Graham made no further reference to his ' bringing along a friend ' .
te	NNS	Adria grabbed her bags from the trunk of her car , and waddled up the stairs to start her two weeks of relaxation .
te	NN	She didn 't get his sudden fascination with her eating .
te	NN	""" You pulled a trigger . """
te	NN	She picked up a scarf from the dresser and tied it around her neck .
te	NNS	Edmond must have spread bad rumors about me by now and tomorrow everyone in the grade would have learnt about the truth .
te	NN	We watched the surf together .
te	NNS	Our traditions revolved around the latest gadgets for listening in on a conversation or how to put the biggest scare into clients .
te	NN	""" Your first acceptance . """
te	NN	But a few seconds more and she recognized the warrior leading the way .
te	NN	We 've had the agent under interrogation for forty-eight hours and I don 't think he knows anything .
te	NN	""" Not me , my client . """
te	NNS	They make choices on whom to feed off .
te	NNS	""" I 've fought so many Weapons , so I know what they are capable off ."
te	NNS	He evaporated the flying shards before they could hit anyone .
te	NN	Many people had already anticipated this development and it only confirmed that the rumors were true .
te	NNS	Flattery pulled the corporate strings , denying air time before the first can was shot .
te	NNS	He pressed warm kisses to her shoulder as he unzipped the back of her dress and let it fall to pool at her feet .
te	NNS	Now , I suddenly grasped the other consequences .
te	NN	""" It does have an interesting texture . """
te	NNS	Lily made the necessary introductions , marveling at how Mr. Dolan , too , seemed inordinately eager to make Janey 's acquaintance .
te	NN	His throat still bears the mark of Kane 's fangs , but he lives , having known to submit to an opponent who outmatched him .
te	NNS	He didn 't get all those degrees for nothing . )
te	NN	She picked up the belt of ammunition .
te	NNS	The first time , he brought fresh eggs back with him .
te	NN	""" Alright , Kathleen how about you come with me to the patient waiting area so we can discuss your urgency in seeing Jamie ."
te	NNS	Magic shut the gates , but be could sometimes get out , if he was quick .
te	NN	Winkler answered the doorbell when it rang , inviting Bill , Ken White and James Renfro inside .
te	NNS	Why are you stealing women 's panties ?
te	NNS	"He 's been checking out all the new toys in this specially equipped apartment to make sure they work right . """
te	NN	""" I need a toothbrush . """
te	NNS	So they packed up their meagre belongings and what food they could find and started to trek along the jungle paths .
te	NNS	Raine 's family owns several vacation properties at the lake , and Raine handles most of the catering and deliveries .
te	NNS	""" Now let Rusty help you get dressed so we can go see our grandparents . """
te	NNS	"I appreciate that , "" he retorted grimly ."
te	NNS	We 'd both been retrieving our drums from the trunk of his car .
te	NN	I shut my laptop .
te	NN	I see steam rising from the tray and know it is hot , yet she wears no mittens to protect her from burns .
te	NNS	The light hit my dilated pupils hard , making it impossible to see anything in detail .
te	NN	You could see the pure happiness in his eyes .
te	NN	""" Go bug Cory ."
te	NN	I hear the creak of a distant door opening .
te	NN	"Besides , "" he says and arches his eyebrows , "" have you even paid your rent yet ? """
te	NNS	They climbed a few flights , and Clay began to comprehend the size of the ship .
te	NNS	And behind me , Icarus launched creative curses after my retreating form .
te	NN	Melissa loved Avery 's quick wit .
te	NN	Cursing , he read the return text .
te	NN	I have a ton of questions I 'm dying to ask him .
te	NN	Scars marred her calf , which was sunken in and shiny where part of the muscle was obviously missing .
te	NNS	This could save us lots of time , Kendra whispered back .
te	NNS	When the meeting was over , after more arguing , debate and planning , I raised my concerns as we walked back to the elevator platform .
te	NN	Brick interpreted the tirade of information .
te	NN	I felt someone crouch behind me and sweep my hair off my face .
te	NNS	He must have heard rumors about Louisa giving him stock .
te	NNS	In my mind I could hear the scary pounds of a drum warning of imminent doom .
te	NN	She has some weird fascination with his twisted life that I don 't understand , and it makes me crazy .
te	NN	Ashlyn picked up the string of condom packages sitting on my bed .
te	NNS	He coughed his guts out after supper and hardly even had to fake it ' cause his cold hadn 't really gone away .
te	NN	He felt the crash .
te	NN	Carol picked up the technique immediately , but Alix was all fingers .
te	NN	He side-stepped a thrust , even as he parried a slash .
te	NN	"I use a mix of Gatorade and water to get the right electrolytes . """
te	NN	"Watkins smoothed his mustache with nervous fingers . """
te	NNS	"You drop your guns out the window , maybe I don 't kill you right away . """
te	NN	He waved goodbye to Roland , even though it was pointless in the dark .
te	NNS	"We had wonderful adventures ... "" Her face softened for a moment , as if she 'd forgotten where she was ."
te	NN	I put up a struggle to give everyone a good show .
te	NNS	I hear the cheers that indicate Coin has appeared on the balcony .
te	NNS	"I left the potatoes to boil . """
te	NNS	I could see my dead relatives observing from the church windows .
te	NNS	""" Did you inherit your gifts from your parents ? """
te	NNS	Free of booze and pills , Rohr directed his considerable energies into suing corporate America on behalf of injured people .
te	NN	"' When did you make the discovery ? """
te	NN	I take a swallow of my coffee , hoping that I 'll be able to calm myself down .
te	NNS	' Have you finished the tasks I set you ? '
te	NN	He studies the bloody gash across the dead man 's throat .
te	NNS	He wore dark blue scrubs with a pair of glasses hanging around his neck and a surprised look on his face .
te	NNS	- Are we taking any photos ?
te	NNS	"Even I 'll admit you seem like the natural person to take charge ' round these parts . """
te	NNS	"I heard the cheers as I was pulling out of the lot , but I didn 't get to see who won . """
te	NN	They gently set a lush green salad in front of everyone and Linda seemed pleased .
te	NNS	""" We 'd better stop and get some markers , too ."
te	NNS	If we do , then the Queen makes the decisions .
te	NNS	They call sea creatures from the deep to plunder goods from unsuspecting sea travelers .
te	NN	I ceased my mantra and let go of the spell .
te	NN	""" I can 't believe I. . ."
te	NN	Callie provided the foundation they both needed , somehow brought sense and order to their worlds .
te	NN	""" Obviously the vampire half has been suppressing his inner werewolf . """
te	NNS	Together with a group of friends , we hang up posters and spread the word .
te	NN	""" Sal got a speeding ticket ?"
te	NNS	""" Ach , well , maybe I 'll show you my secret hiding spots . """
te	NNS	""" I 've still got lots of hope . """
te	NN	Jeremy tracked the new target but before he could intervene , it switched again .
te	NNS	The woman had defensive moves that would garner serious bucks in the big leagues .
te	NN	"Unfortunately , you 'll never get the public recognition you deserve because we have to maintain secrecy . """
te	NN	I used the tissue to try and stop the bleeding and I then put a bandage around it .
te	NNS	"Please , can I just get the files , Sidney ? """
te	NN	As his arm commenced the throwing action , a bullet found the soft tissue of his bicep .
te	NN	Gumshoe ran down the left flank .
te	NNS	His hand absorbed some blows , his elbow blocked others , and his arm slapped the remainder aside .
te	NN	I bought livestock , oversaw the horses , and mended anything that might need fixing .
te	NN	I had a throbbing headache .
te	NNS	He could probably charm the socks off a homeless person .
te	NN	""" Your employee ? """
te	NNS	After long seconds they heard the echoes of Mayor 's foot steps getting closer .
te	NNS	Had the sentry seen Wolf Eyes ?
te	NNS	Instead I study the other guests in their finery .
te	NNS	He 'll even rent tents and everything .
te	NNS	You have all kinds of investment property in your client base .
te	NN	He squeezed her breast and she jerked , his touch taking her by surprise once more .
te	NN	Dr. Tina Jamison had put a new chip in for Rachel just a few months before .
te	NNS	""" Five hundred pounds . """
te	NNS	I brought these flyers for Mr. Stephenson , but guess he 's not here .
te	NNS	However , I 've met few lawyers who were both successful and timid .
te	NNS	I see now the mistakes he made and they will not be repeated .
te	NNS	He makes threats of kicking me out as he spits in my face .
te	NN	"We had a ceremony for you at the Vale and everything . """
te	NNS	"I gild the lilies , and you protect them . """
te	NNS	""" Did you ever see the grounds of the Imperial Palace ? """
te	NNS	"Share these little adventures with us . """
te	NNS	I ripped open the cupboards .
te	NNS	He and Megan unpacked their suitcases as fast as they 'd never done before and were shortly running downstairs to the garage with the laundry baskets .
te	NNS	""" They took such pains to cover their tracks , but this guy forgets to leave his ID badge at the office ?"
te	NNS	He had forgotten the origins of the ruby and its place with his family , and he had attempted to manipulate its power with his cold instruments .
te	NN	Percival retrieved the syringe of Render blood from his inside pocket .
te	NN	She took a bowl from her milk crate and set it on the ground .
te	NN	"It 's considered a honour to God -- so we got ta go . """
te	NN	""" Because I can 't afford more rent . """
te	NN	""" We have no logo . """
te	NNS	I checked the final rows of figures , ensuring all the data had imported properly without any dropped fields .
te	NNS	"Taking photos to prove Christianity ? """
te	NN	Afterward , Toby sent around a sign-up sheet for the first debate tournament of the year , which no one signed .
te	NN	Every few seconds , Emily heard the rough flicker of someone 's Zippo lighting a cigarette .
te	NNS	The storm battered the mountains with hot air .
te	NNS	I placed my gloves on the table .
te	NN	He pressed the trigger as he brush passed his still seated mark .
te	NNS	Jeremy went motionless and felt his eyes widening as he stared at Neil .
te	NNS	Ferguson had found cots and other furniture for the troop quarters , and everything was in place for C Company before the holiday arrived .
te	NNS	"He 'd rather play video games all day than help out around the house . """
te	NNS	Steve , Harvey and Gus secured blank expressions to their faces and sank further into the sofas and their own minds .
te	NN	It also had the unfortunate result of making him even harder inside her .
te	NNS	~ ~ ~ Chapter 6 Amanda looked sternly ahead as they drove , they were just reaching the outskirts of London .
te	NN	"Neither of us really has a clue and oh , Sidney , I just don 't know which way is up anymore . """
te	NN	She surprised a mouse in one of the broken drawers , and nearly screamed as it zipped across the dirty floor in her path .
te	NNS	"One of them gave me some movie posters . """
te	NN	But the earthquakes had taken a large toll .
te	NNS	From the other side he heard shouts , de Sable crying , ' Men .
te	NN	She undid the string and took a pinch of something dry and yellow that might have once been leafy and green .
te	NN	We needed fuel again , saw a Texaco sign brightly lit , and had gotten off at the first exit inside Georgia .
te	NN	Like most of the guys who sell on the black market , he hid his inventory in common areas .
te	NN	Mrs. Jones is coming up the driveway in her car and sees us standing outside in front of the truck .
te	NNS	"You have the same privileges as commission staff members . """
te	NN	Sage 's ax found its mark , and the second Indian lay permanently silenced .
te	NNS	It was like lifting lead weights -- there was nothing I could do .
te	NN	I signed the contract , and my jaw dropped as Luke handed me a check made out to five thousand dollars .
te	NNS	Red cushioned seats bordered tables on each side .
te	NN	He carried a round Roman shield .
te	NNS	We said our goodbyes , and I walked back to where Clare stood in the kitchen .
te	NN	Her tears dampened the cotton of his shirt .
te	NNS	Through the powder , her face colors , and she covers her mouth with her hand .
te	NN	"You won 't go off your rocker as long as you have me to take care of you . """
te	NN	She felt the jolt as her own heart squeezed hard , shifting off rhythm .
te	NN	On an impulse , I took a journal from the box and decided to take it home with me .
te	NN	Karen had no awareness of walking through the house to David 's room .
te	NN	She used the electrical device to scan up and down Joan 's arm .
te	NNS	""" How many tenants are in there ? """
te	NN	""" Seth and Brianna , does that ring a bell ? """
te	NNS	But I ripped no bones .
te	NN	"Now be silent , like any other bystander . """
te	NN	I present to you the former leader of the Bastian Hunters , Tomas Godard . '
te	NN	Tara wrapped a sheet around herself , gathering her courage as she gathered the material .
te	NN	You take my hand and graceful stroll with me to the drop zone for the match , third .
te	NNS	She rubbed her fingertips together , still feeling that sizzle on her skin and told herself the next few months were going to be very interesting .
te	NNS	""" You and I make up our own laws in bed ."
te	NNS	We followed the hoods to the lodge and also whilst they collected cash from the street dealers .
te	NNS	She 's had early failures and spectacular successes .
te	NNS	Do I really need possessions to make me happy ?
te	NNS	Their contacts wanted ten thousand pounds , not five thousand as previously agreed .
te	NN	I raise my bow : Good-bye , Sebastian Drake .
te	NN	"And ... did you get a headache when you used your light ? """
te	NNS	' Whole mountains and cliffs and beaches where once there was nothing , style of thing . '
te	NN	He swung the watch idly as he spoke , his eyes seemingly focused on some remote point in space and possibly time .
te	NN	' What an absolutely beautiful notion . ' '
te	NNS	""" Your Grace , I will now confess , I still have communications with the Earl of Richmond ."
te	NN	We had given him the address of the warehouse and arranged that he had to be there at exactly five minutes past twelve .
te	NN	""" I have a good sixty or seventy years left , barring disease or an unpleasant fall down a flight of stairs ."
te	NN	Then De Roy took his lash and hit the horse with all his might .
te	NN	Now that his mission was complete , he was leaving the library , leaving the scene of the crime .
te	NNS	"No one would willingly suffer the tragic consequences of mental illness if they had a choice . """
te	NNS	Jon focused his night-vision binoculars .
te	NN	Reaching under his shirt , he lifted an ornate golden chain from around his neck .
te	NNS	I had seen these kinds of weapons before .
te	NN	He could feel the rack of the world loosening , the cool wind soothing the aching of his soul .
te	NN	She imagined the spacecraft that she and her agency were constructing .
te	NNS	Diego gobbled up all traces in no time .
te	NN	That special messenger has a variety of skills .
te	NN	Why use a washcloth to wash your face when you have hands ?
te	NNS	She dabs the corners of her eyes with her fingertips and blinks the tears back .
te	NNS	She taught me all the different colors of mold , allergic reactions , and where it grows .
te	NN	He walked up the driveway and stood in front of the small porch .
te	NN	""" Then we 're making progress . """
te	NNS	""" Sons a bitches !"
te	NN	Chewy could sense Clint 's happiness before he spoke .
te	NNS	Harrison and the two Stevens were holding their guns on them but also appeared to be trying to settle the men down .
te	NN	You must never commit a crime against another Shadowhunter .
te	NNS	His smoky voice contained the same treacherous crackles .
te	NN	He could feel the thunder of her heartbeat and the quiver of her lips against his throat .
te	NN	"No long lost loves or anything . """
te	NN	""" Why give the man any satisfaction ?"
te	NN	Jimmy held the device towards the ceiling , and frowned deeper .
te	NNS	We 'd play shifts whenever we could in exchange for free food .
te	NNS	Peeling back her eyelids .
te	NNS	One that had kept him up at night when he 'd made his own suggestions to help further things along .
te	NN	He was getting angrier and angrier as he looked at Rowan .
te	NNS	"When I leave C "" My mutton will give no cramps to your belly , Robeson . """
te	NN	Suddenly , they ceased their beating .
te	NN	I had no clue .
te	NNS	She threw her yellow plastic gloves into the bathroom and left , making a beeline for the park .
te	NNS	As she waited , she recalled the previous night 's events in her mind .
te	NN	Melanie shifted thoughtfully , her gray eyes considering .
te	NN	The baron finished his third portion .
te	NNS	""" That two-headed calf , "" Cartwright said vaguely ."
te	NN	We should be achieving victory on every front !
te	NNS	"We make our own decisions , and this is no different . """
te	NNS	""" What do they like doing , these nephews of yours ? """
te	NN	It was carrying a domestic chicken in its mouth .
te	NN	Not that I had any clue what to feed it .
te	NNS	She leaned her elbows on the table .
te	NN	I scanned the patrons of the bar ; still no sign of Rosetta .
te	NNS	They also produced medals .
te	NNS	The lower deck contained crew quarters forward , with bunks for three .
te	NNS	The House and Senate Committees had laid apart their differences and gathered together for the hearings .
te	NNS	The second bank branch produced much the same results with one major difference .
te	NNS	Miggy 's head went up and down solemnly , his locks bouncing like springs .
te	NN	He had a gash across his left cheek .
te	NNS	Aiden 's curse rang loudly .
te	NN	She tried another tactic .
te	NN	"Here , have the armrest . """
te	NNS	I pushed the controls down to dive towards the ground .
te	NN	"We made a vow . """
te	NN	""" Will you cast this vessel off ."
te	NNS	You can 't handle patient records unless you 're an employee .
te	NN	"Seeing the disbelief in the men 's eyes she also adds , "" from reliable sources . """
te	NN	If the aliens were blind and communicated by odors , they might have evolved a very different science , which described a very different universe .
te	NN	A Cornell education like your grandfather and I had .
te	NN	""" We 'll find somebody for you , Kya ."
te	NNS	"It can 't have the same results with different numbers . """
te	NNS	""" Have no worries about young Skyler Rose ."
te	NN	The fear in her voice caused a chill to dance its way down Darren 's spine .
te	NN	""" I haven 't got a clue how to read this map . """
te	NN	When the game ended , Mike laid down his control paddle .
te	NN	""" Therefore , we will do some healing ."
te	NNS	She finds life mates for anyone and everyone she can .
te	NN	Then he removed a syringe from its sterile plastic pack and grinned at me .
te	NNS	He 'd put his massive headphones on again .
te	NN	""" I didn 't encourage their smoking . """
te	NNS	Tell your fellow thugs that the new owners are here .
te	NN	She read disapproval in his silence and found that she didn 't care .
te	NNS	I erased fries from my mind .
te	NN	They all understood the special bond between him and his National Security Advisor , and they all resented it .
te	NNS	Also a pilot , he wore the patches of Lujan 's old interceptor squadron and an atypically grim expression .
te	NNS	He already had the tendencies .
te	NNS	Jarrett 's old firm had ten lawyers , ten courtroom brawlers who won verdicts and were in demand .
te	NN	Beyond the Square , Cora was fighting a multitude - left and right they came at her , they stabbed from behind , sliced from ahead .
te	NN	Now here it was , every fantasy she had ever dreamt of .
te	NNS	"You know , refugees who were transported by the Germans . """
te	NN	Suddenly his fist knocks the underside of the mantelpiece .
te	NN	"He has no mate , correct ? """
te	NN	"Otherwise , unless you kill me , I "" ll poison your future career to the very best of my ability ."
te	NN	Such a foreign concept to me , and I 'm not even sure how to respond .
te	NNS	He wound the ends of the linen in his hands and came back to the bed .
te	NNS	If anything happened , videotape would record any time shifts and a comparison of electrical power and time variance could be calculated .
te	NNS	The team also had grenades and two hand-held mortar launchers .
te	NN	That was the one thing I couldn 't forgive him for , even as it all unfolded , one unforgivable crime after the next .
te	NNS	She hugged the flyers to her , protecting that great hole opening in her heart as she realized how she missed knowing more of her mother .
te	NNS	I wouldn 't miss a few pounds .
te	NN	I couldn 't hold back the painful sob that came .
te	NN	I have a genius IQ , yet I could not find the words .
te	NNS	And it has lots of good restaurants and antique stores .
te	NN	""" And what causes this lack in you ."
te	NNS	Dear heavens , she had shared dinner with him , laughed with him , played games with him ... shared passion with him .
te	NNS	You call yourselves hobbits ?
te	NN	Dino was behind the counter sanding a stock for a shotgun .
te	NN	""" We 've got just enough fuel to get to her ."
te	NN	We caught a whiff of the stables before we saw them .
te	NNS	You saw the results for yourself .
te	NNS	This time he was not wearing his steel gloves , but the hit was just as painful .
te	NNS	He was already feeling the effects of their separation .
te	NNS	He held his limbs stiffly at his side .
te	NNS	When would we know the effects of that kiss ?
te	NNS	""" But it will take decades , perhaps centuries , for my children to consolidate and fully exploit their new territory - to make it impregnable ."
te	NNS	This is Small Town , U.S.A. People do favors for each other here .
te	NN	At her dumbstruck expression , he bit out an explanation detailing the scene , the difficulties , the incredible power of the fire .
te	NN	It took off down the sidewalk at a full run , seeming happy to have the speed back .
te	NNS	Sometimes , Milton , people make choices that hurt others , no matter how hard they try not to .
te	NN	( Past ) Eventually , when we 'd been away from home for three months , Thomas declared our enterprise no longer safe .
te	NNS	Meanwhile , my other friends kept their backs to the walls and their guns trained on the crowd .
te	NN	Nathan finished his cigar , took his leave of Harold and Bobby , and walked the perimeter .
te	NNS	' I will be visiting the towns and cities outside of London over the next 2 weeks and making contact with our group leaders there .
te	NNS	Sure , Lucas is making these choices for a reason .
te	NNS	He wiggled his toes , feeling the warm , wet life-force smear through his socks .
te	NN	He found a seam in the cloth .
te	NNS	He has special gifts that are sure to make Alisa 's afterlife miserable .
te	NN	He brings out his iPhone and shows me pictures .
te	NN	I picked up the chili , dragged the can opener forward .
te	NN	Only nature could have provided such a wealth of beauty formed with rich minerals .
te	NN	One at a time they entered the tent and came out looking dazed but otherwise unhurt .
te	NNS	A small smile stretched the corners of Nicholas 's mouth .
te	NNS	""" I can see traces of our boots ."
te	NNS	""" But you still have two seals ."
te	NNS	I propped my elbows on my knees and dropped my head into my hands .
te	NN	Gabriel nodded his concession .
te	NNS	Without making an effort , I could feel the defensive energies bound up within them .
te	NN	Roast chicken and cold ham and pickles and gooseberry fool .
te	NN	However , since the partnership was also a marriage , you inherit Matthew 's portion of the profits .
te	NNS	""" We have two choices ? """
te	NNS	But he would never make death threats on innocent teen girls .
te	NNS	Shops and businesses prepared their goods to sell .
te	NNS	' I got the tickets ! '
te	NN	Miranda sported a heavily bruised ego with wet eyes .
te	NNS	With a quick swipe of his thumb and index finger , he closed Becka 's eyelids .
te	NN	She was observing the small drama but had made no effort to intervene .
te	NN	A few minutes later , Parsons spotted a green control lever just beyond the far end of the door .
te	NN	The casual thought brought a sudden awareness of his pains .
te	NN	She would not give him the satisfaction of knowing his summons had upset her .
te	NN	Looking at it made her heartache , but she couldn 't put it down .
te	NNS	"But I would rather give my kisses away than sell them . """
te	NNS	said Zeus , and I nodded .
te	NN	""" I 'll have some whiskey as well . """
te	NN	And yes , Ms. Yanni , because he thought the circumstances warranted it , certainly he would seek the death penalty for James Barr .
te	NN	He unfastened his seat belt .
te	NNS	She picked up groceries , paid bills , and held me when I cried .
te	NN	The sunlight blinds her overhead and the light from its all encompassing glow engulfs her .
te	NNS	She giggles then frowns , struggling with him , again .
te	NN	"Why , you practically performed a public service , killing her the way you did . """
te	NN	Why would she do the unthinkable ?
te	NN	His face looked grave .
te	NNS	""" I will be calling my lawyers . """
te	NN	If I were the traitor , I 'd already have somebody to help me bypass the phantom .
te	NN	On the redwood deck , Greg Sloan ground out his cigar , stood and did a full body stretch .
te	NNS	They paid their checks and then headed out to the truck .
te	NN	A stream ran parallel to the partitioned camping spots .
te	NN	""" I need a challenge ."
te	NN	She lashed out , not the slightest wobble in her voice .
te	NN	She inserted the device into the laptop , and the lights on the device jumped to life , pulsating even faster than before .
te	NN	Lyall did not stop his nuzzling .
te	NNS	Little wisps of smoke still lifted off ugly bald patches and the smell of burnt rubber was overwhelming .
te	NNS	In typical six-year old fashion , they switched gears in the blink of an eye .
te	NNS	"That gives me all kinds of rights . """
te	NNS	That evening , she worked her rounds at the hospital as required by any student preparing for a career in medicine .
te	NNS	I picked ten dresses that I thought would look stunning on Ellery .
te	NNS	She received copies of those photographs in the mail that day .
te	NN	"You want a double mocha ? """
te	NN	"Don 't you have a bone to gnaw on ? """
te	NN	The magician raised his cape over his head , wrapped it around his body and temporarily disappeared into a huge cloud of white smoke .
te	NNS	""" I visit galleries wherever I go ."
te	NNS	We go a few more rounds and I make the mistake of choosing pleasure .
te	NNS	"He barely ever does social events . """
te	NN	For some reason , Harper took massive offense to this for some reason .
te	NNS	The shadow stood motionless .
te	NNS	He 'd shot homes for realtors .
te	NN	Time rips open overhead with the sound of mountains crumbling .
te	NNS	We moved the counters from the waiting room inside it and there are usually two or three people working at it .
