tr	C	His chocolate brown skin had lost some elasticity due to manufacturing .
tr	O	It was her blog and livelihood , and I had to remember that in some ways this was a real job to her .
tr	O	And it was the sound of the lute , at a public Renaissance concert , that drew him away from his ardent desire to enter the priesthood .
tr	C	He had the classic rugged cowboy look that she 'd always glossed over .
tr	C	Three rabbits in blue overalls get out with a heavy load and walk into the building .
tr	C	Lily stepped back to allow the two men to accentuate her into the office .
tr	O	A palace is also known as a castle , a citadel , a fortress or a stronghold .
tr	O	Without even reaching out to the Force to find her , he already knew her kidnapper could take her to only one place .
tr	C	A slew of hypotheses : In the entire solar system , only a handful of scientists are capable of using this technology .
tr	C	It was whisked into the palms of her hands !
tr	O	""" We would receive the support of the Guild of Angels in the form of protection , transportation , and supplies , "" she said ."
tr	O	He was the one person Garrett shared a real understanding with , a feeling reciprocated by the old man .
tr	O	"After that , they implanted the new leader with a control chip so that they could manipulate his or her every move . """
tr	O	I watch as the solar panels seek out the sun like a field of hundreds of sunflowers .
tr	C	Mix business with pleasure is my minivan .
tr	O	""" Ey , up , Tom , "" whispered Ben , so as not to upset the librarians , "" What are you reading there ? """
tr	C	She knew Rock had found himself in worse situations and didn 't nag at this type of threat .
tr	O	As the pilot struggled to keep the plane under control , Rachel peered out and spotted two lines of blinking strobes straddling the outermost ice trough .
tr	C	The trees grouped more thickly over the bench , making a canopy of rustling shade .
tr	O	"Every woman at court is entranced by his eyes . "" """
tr	O	"While the apocalypse sounds like a good time , I could give a flying rat 's ass about that . """
tr	C	They approached with good speed and , whether it was from internal rant or sheer momentum , he took the jump .
tr	O	"So let 's dispense with that excuse , shall we ? """
tr	O	""" Well ... I guess that 's it for the exhibit , huh ? """
tr	O	The capital on Gift was clear in his voice .
tr	O	You got dragged to enough of these things back on the mainland , and you never seemed to enjoy them there .
tr	C	But I wasn 't envious of her onyx orbs for once .
tr	O	In a matter of seconds , he had my arms pinned , but al the pain and the sorrow rose in me , overriding any common sense .
tr	C	John walked slowly through the careers and stepped over a few men huddled on the floor .
tr	O	She went to her trunk and felt for the small bundle she stowed in the corner wrapped in a piece of cloth .
tr	C	"As doctors we impale ourselves , but sometimes what patients really need is to know that they matter . """
tr	O	my mother asked as I sat back down at the table , replaying everything I did , or didn 't do , the night Emma came over .
tr	C	They 'd pulled on their requirements and sat next to the fire roasting marshmallows after they shared a meal .
tr	O	""" So , you are retiring ?"
tr	C	"Fetch the underworld ! """
tr	C	she snapped , her anger rising as she thought about her opposition .
tr	O	I left twenty minutes earlier than I needed to , resolving to walk slowly and take my time .
tr	C	It was such a chaplain .
tr	C	We will end Ah Chuy Kak 's terror , disease , and finesse this very day .
tr	O	"With that , he turned and said "" I 'll see you at the initiation and feast tonight , kid ."
tr	C	Already , she could see a new line of printed fabrics in pinks and blues .
tr	O	Tanner inhaled the chicory scent of his coffee to override the mint wafting from Kathleen .
tr	O	An ancient Troy slot machine with a flashing Trojan horse , but instead of men pouring out of its underbelly , golden coins poured free .
tr	C	""" Don 't know where his bread is sprinkled . """
tr	O	There was a moment of silence , just long enough to make Charlie glance at him in reprimand , at which he nodded solemnly .
tr	O	""" He was pawing Emma , like an animal in heat . """
tr	O	Adam exhales , shocked .
tr	O	"He will be nothing but clay for my molding now . """
tr	O	The sheer audacity it took to even think that was stunning .
tr	O	""" It poses a problem , does it not ? """
tr	C	Merciful heaven if he didn 't stop being so damned sexy I was going to disregard .
tr	C	The comforter was my only postpone .
tr	C	He gave her no fuel to contaminate the embers of her fury .
tr	C	Stone definitely made my heart beat faster , but in all credibility to Chance , he and I had been together a long time .
tr	C	We slipped through some storage bays full of crates until we reached a large loading area at the end that had been listed for hipster .
tr	C	He turned his back on me and waded back toward his moped .
tr	C	Spencer tried not to giggle at the word orgy .
tr	C	I 'm such a maniac .
tr	C	He didn 't abuse his position or put on airs that might have offended the severity .
tr	O	The menu choices were a bit surprising : veggie burgers , low-fat soups and salads , low-calorie deli sandwiches .
tr	O	For my allusions to Gilgamesh , I relied on the version by David Ferry , published by Farrar , Straus & Giroux , copyright 1992 .
tr	C	She denies it with a frown , as if it 's done the wrong thing and needs to be punished .
tr	O	The sun had begun to set in a torrent of fire .
tr	C	Andy takes his hands , which are steady and calm and still make me goosebumps , and cups them over his mouth .
tr	C	He raised a hand , swishing her back .
tr	C	It is a fast moving thriller that makes you wonder whether you should ever trust medical technicians or institutions .
tr	C	A lot of telepathy isn 't fair .
tr	O	She had a battalion of them , and they all had personality issues .
tr	C	""" Excellent , "" he pitied me ."
tr	O	In reality , I was descending the steps inside my granddad 's house .
tr	O	A few soldiers fought on the ramparts , but they were being swamped .
tr	O	He had ditched the rifle ; I guessed because he needed both hands for the jump .
tr	C	Well , thought McBride , he could give Ben some more sailing skiff .
tr	O	Yearly , around Durga Puja , he wrapped his earnings in a bundle and set for home in Bihar .
tr	C	Kol says repeating the embankment .
tr	C	Naturally these things were done unintentionally , but nevertheless , I 've mourned you . '
tr	C	He nodded , still staring ahead , obviously disguised by the scene in the movie where the hero gets the girl .
tr	C	I complained , thankful for the caveman and ability to talk .
tr	C	Accepting him and Maddie was hard enough ... and yet , if Simone did bash him , would that break up the impending marriage ?
tr	O	"Are you a hypocrite or a liar ? """
tr	O	There was , however , an ottoman .
tr	C	"I bet I can 't even imagine the halo of some of the rooms in here . """
tr	C	A shadow under which they imagine is hiding goblin sorcerers of every sort .
tr	O	He 'd done all he could with the tweezers .
tr	C	Henry thought it should be in a museum instead of phoning this garden in suburbia .
tr	O	The grass swished around her feet and the mud under them squished beneath her boots .
tr	O	In the treatment room , I 'm given my choice of massage therapists .
tr	C	In my short immortal life , I had only ever known compassion from my parents : it took a while for my Cadillac to fade .
tr	O	""" Sorry , I just can 't believe I 'm talking about my stepfather serving in congress . """
tr	O	""" Thanks for breakfast , "" I say , shoving a piece of buttery bagel in my mouth and following it with a slug of warm latte ."
tr	O	""" Expedite , expedite ."
tr	C	And because of his daydream , his seared conscience didn 't move him to even consider darkening the doorway of an AA meetup .
tr	O	His hand , black as a miner 's , stretched toward her .
tr	O	Bachelors panicked over a toothbrush ?
tr	O	It , s a Middle Eastern tongue almost certainly , but not derived from Arabic , at least not directly .
tr	C	""" And his fiancee does not mind the scars or the polo ? """
tr	C	Was it because she associated advisor with his name ?
tr	C	' The Sphinx , ' corrected the antidote .
tr	O	"Mr. Washburn 's hoarse voice caught her attention from behind the fountain bar "" You 'd better sit down "" he continued , streaking to her side ."
tr	C	Creech 's startled surprise at seeing Bo navigated to the lawyer 's memory of him from the early stages of booking Haugen .
tr	O	While he eradicated all signs of their presence from the campsite , she pulled herself to her feet and sucked in deep breaths of the crisp air .
tr	C	As they left the devastation , heading back to the Stuyvesant , Harry tugged at his father 's sleeve .
tr	O	The way his gaze lingers on all the wrong places .
tr	C	We went down the stairs and there , standing at the bottom , was a man who I estimated was a security guard .
tr	C	Once inside , she shipped out Madeline .
tr	C	Her mind rebelled over the thought of Jake with her family .
tr	C	Or particularly resonated when sending out the wrong people together meant fewer people coming home .
tr	O	"One of the operators says she and Pickering were talking tonight . """
tr	C	As he stepped into full view of the halfs , a bird screeched , nearly scaring him out of his boots .
tr	O	""" Are you sure you don 't want to rethink this , Lucy ?"
tr	O	Her voice trembles as she turns to look at him .
tr	C	For a while , I slugged you out on Facebook , Myspace , checked in to see how you were doing .
tr	C	Cynthia 's own head sunk back to its prior position , taking no interest in the professionalism taking place around her .
tr	C	I slid my hands along perfectly sculpted muscle that sent a ripple of airship through me .
tr	O	You have not attempted to deceive me in any way .
tr	O	She wanted to tell Ryan that she loved him , but balked each time she lay in his arms .
tr	O	With a muttered curse , he hefted the injured vampire up onto his shoulder , then bounded off into the thicket with him .
tr	O	""" Most of the corridors here in the temple have spiderwebs all over the walls and hanging down from the ceiling ."
tr	C	""" You are not the only one I have to look after , my boy , "" said the floorboard , with a strong local accent ."
tr	C	He 'd check the weather and receive clearance for greatness once on board .
tr	C	It disappoints me to see Jack chuckling rather than storing the seriousness of the situation .
tr	C	Three hundred feet above Eleazar 's head , the chorus of nine hundred Jewish rebels rang out in defiance of the Roman province at their gates .
tr	C	She is an RN and is trying to get reassigned here in Idaho .
tr	O	"After everything we 've heard , we were sure you 'd perished ; though , I should have trusted you would accomplish something such as this . """
tr	O	I tip my weight forward just a little and fall , my jaw clamped around my screams , muffled and suffocated by my own fear .
tr	O	To confirm I was able to save enough money to get through another semester of tuition .
tr	C	"Is this the book that 's causing all the uncles ? """
tr	C	Ignoring those for now , Iain waded deeper into combat , veering off one attack after another , moving on animal instinct and centuries of practice .
tr	O	We don 't know who else is helping him and how far his plan extends .
tr	C	It hadn 't been on any of Ogg 's shopping excursions .
tr	O	John stripped off the electrodes swiftly and methodically .
tr	O	He gives the joint the last few puffs and puts the butt into the ashtray .
tr	C	The bus hit a prophet , jarring us all , and fear made me gasp out loud .
tr	C	' Don 't blush , don 't telepath , just tell me , ' he said .
tr	C	Once Grace reached her car , she sat there , staring out at the dark missile that stretched on either side of her .
tr	C	They 're going to inject the common cold , pneumonia , misshapen and syphilis .
tr	C	Leaving something like that was a big biker , no matter the circumstances .
tr	O	It was no great hardship .
tr	O	With the attack knife retracted Jon reaches up and grasps the thick neck of the Scavenger .
tr	O	When she reopened them , she saw answering agony in Alaric 's gaze .
tr	C	He was playing with her , brimming with her emotions .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how to respond to that rather succinct summation of my faults .
tr	C	She was his biggest cheerleader , and he was her unwavering friendliness .
tr	C	Except his wild red hair is slick with witchcraft and parted at the side .
tr	O	"Just one of my lieutenants doing something he shouldn 't have . """
tr	O	As the press stampeded to Barry , his cronies and clients sprinted away .
tr	O	Emotion erupted like a geyser inside her and she began to cry , at first meekly then in large hungry sobs that wracked her body .
tr	O	The bad news was that the blood on the pedestal had been identified as Jace 's .
tr	C	An initial hesitation flamed by a surprising finesse of fear tightened his chest .
tr	C	"They have filmed more than emitters and jump cannons , "" Warrior states with worry ."
tr	C	Lot and lots of photographs and squeals .
tr	O	Julian was going to have to intensify his efforts to shelter Camille now that Papa and Madeleine were obviously up to no good .
tr	O	Despite this , few links could be found between those detained and the crimes committed .
tr	C	She stayed for half an hour showering she 'd never seen such beautiful puppies .
tr	C	That startled my mom and she pulled her head back , congratulating me .
tr	C	It seemed that he first caught the eye of MI6 when he competed at the recent downhill leisure world championships where he came second .
tr	O	This little girl was already planning her career in modeling .
tr	C	Clearly my screams yanked Storm out of a dead sleep because she 's wearing nothing but a tank and vomiting .
tr	O	The gross obscenity was a favourite with General G. His hand slapped down on the desk .
tr	O	The philosopher straightened and appeared much more confident .
tr	O	While hitting and successfully injuring it , this caused the remaining two serpents to change direction toward him .
tr	C	Terrence was more than eager to show off his eloquence , especially when he saw Aaron shuffling his feet behind Derrick and Darrin .
tr	O	Was this when conception was going to happen ?
tr	O	I asked if anybody from the cooks had taken them , but they didn 't have them .
tr	C	But it 's a good broccoli .
tr	O	She clawed at his back as he drove harder and deeper , and that only served to excite him further .
tr	C	His barbs were repellent , like stale moldy bread .
tr	C	But it was unavailing ; and alone in all the Blessed Realm he was downwind of joy .
tr	C	The move takes too long and tells your fudge too clearly what you intend .
tr	O	She hadn 't cared that her commute was thirty miles at the time she opened it ; this was where she belonged .
tr	C	Dugan , with his pockmarked cheeks and bulbous nose , had a way of chirping as he spoke .
tr	C	""" Where are the muskets ?"
tr	O	She walked into the restaurant and found him sitting at the bar drinking a martini .
tr	C	Because all the things that hadn 't made sense about her ticket collector , suddenly did .
tr	C	He would be a natural choice for the cast , as the complacency of one of the real-life figures in our local drama .
tr	O	He continued his soft caresses across her stomach , moving down to tease her legs open by outlining one of her inner thighs .
tr	C	His feet broke their grip and his legs shot apart and he fell , the wheel rotating into the back of his thigh .
tr	C	In the back seats , attached around the driver 's and the front passenger 's seats are two small groves .
tr	C	Perhaps they had misjudged the nature of these recipes .
tr	C	But Cain the draught ... I don 't know him at all .
tr	O	Just when he thought she was going to balk against telling them exactly where the caves were , she slipped silently from the woods .
tr	O	""" You were gone for hours and yet you were only a thirty minute walk away from the campsite . """
tr	C	"The coven could take anything he creeped out , but ... "" She 's too fragile to be handled that way . """
tr	C	The thing scurried away , a flattened scorpion .
tr	C	He disappeared into the backroom as his son continued to mitigate the valuable trinkets .
tr	O	After Grenville 's recounting I dozed , still tired from my adventure .
tr	O	The quickness of his reply revealed that he hadn 't even considered it .
tr	O	I decided to try a gambit of my own .
tr	C	Michael had told me that much , but I pushed forward , treading into more dangerous waters .
tr	O	I unchained the lock , turned the deadbolt , and pulled open the door .
tr	O	He reached for his coffee and put two sugars in it before hesitating with the creamer .
tr	O	This guy may try something with you because his friends are pressuring him to do it .
tr	O	A new moon was just rising , a thin sickle of light on the horizon .
tr	O	In the bluish glow of the lone computer monitor , Rachel could make out racks of telephone gear , radios , and satellite telecommunications devices .
tr	O	""" You still have the fuel for the shuttles ? """
tr	O	""" R , Right , "" said Jules nervously ."
tr	C	The stream of people ranged up .
tr	C	She didn 't want to separate herself from him for the time it would take to lengthen them both .
tr	C	Verlaine did not have a waterproof .
tr	O	The reality was that he had let his heart complicate the matter .
tr	O	I hoped whatever bug was in my system cleared itself out with this restart .
tr	C	They don 't need the doc .
tr	C	There was a good chance the innkeeper had already fled .
tr	C	He needed the money more than she needed the Best White Girl ringtone .
tr	O	"We 'll see who finds success first , hmm ? """
tr	C	She laughed lightly as she pulled off her work cubes .
tr	O	He looked dusty and ordinary in comparison beside Sam 's black flop of hair and golden eyes .
tr	O	"It 's more toxin than even sodium chloride . """
tr	O	The old wooden boxes the pickers use are far more important than their humble appearance would indicate .
tr	C	""" Did you invent this place ? """
tr	C	Once he completed his mandatory military gatherings , he left Africa for Europe at the age of 21 .
tr	C	He 'll join your cause or cheer you from the kidnappers .
tr	C	She pulled her hair up in a ponytail to deal with the June praises in southern Louisiana .
tr	O	In the room were several televisions and a small control area .
tr	C	Then he would have alerted Huff , and she would 've died instead of the poor teller .
tr	O	But the Company that I journeyed with had other business .
tr	O	He alluded to the fact that we 're not married kind of awkwardly .
tr	O	Their desert adventure had been so inconclusive that they couldn 't even discount the alien theory .
tr	O	It was a beautiful rendition caught between life and death , trapped between this world and the next .
tr	C	Maybe she and Mr. Bundy were unloading some kind of information .
tr	O	And Blake , even with all the terrible things he 'd done , was a product of circumstance .
tr	C	The voice didn 't say anything else , and I vowed not to play into this province .
tr	C	Jonas tore a politician out of his hair .
tr	C	Another of his father 's sergeants explained the situation best .
tr	O	I looked up at him and saw no smugness or mockery .
tr	O	The spark backfired and the oil burst into flames .
tr	C	""" What are you ... "" Trent begins to ask but his words die as I snag my skirt and let it drop to the ground ."
tr	C	He heaved himself off the table and bustled towards the kitchen .
tr	O	She could see the great white whale parked under another tree .
tr	O	I could easily picture his heavily muscular frame in the leather protective gear that is characteristic to a gladiator .
tr	C	Trig went by relatively quickly , if painfully ; I sensed my peppy teacher 's enthusiasm for my talent in Math was tiring quickly .
tr	C	They owned a huge printer in Southampton and were very rich and powerful .
tr	C	She turned to a blotter .
tr	O	And on graduation day , I was the top fighter and smart pupil in school .
tr	C	As complicated and difficult as it had been getting on board the Tin , it was twice as problematical getting off of it .
tr	C	""" You can do whatever you like , "" Pia responded before a thought intruded that she decided to muck about delicately ."
tr	O	It 's actually one of my favorite of all the myths .
tr	O	My side of the car slams into a lamp post and my window shatters .
tr	O	""" It would take a week for you to learn all that , even with your biosynthetic attributes , "" Doctor Dresden observes ."
tr	C	""" You 're welcome , Mr. Williams , "" she teetered , bouncing on her toes like an overeager kid ."
tr	C	Fear of making a bad cut with an unfamiliar blade had sufficiently disguised the craving for the euphoria .
tr	O	""" That won 't happen , "" he reassures me ."
tr	C	""" More impossible than a ghost what unfolds a chair ? """
tr	C	""" He gave Oliver permission to enter , and , in doing so , sued the house 's Protection ."
tr	C	It had been a grandchild she 'd been expelled from Vampire Studies even if the reason why annoyed him .
tr	O	She pushed the bookcase into the wall , swinging it like a door .
tr	C	When I 'd made the decision to move from our emissary of Charleston to Richmond , I had finally caved and bought him a cell phone .
tr	O	And thank you very much for letting me know I 'm a hag .
tr	O	"Fine , "" I babbled , not wanting to appear childish ; after all , I was practically entering adulthood at almost two cycles old ."
tr	O	"Has no knight to sponsor him , and no squire willing to partner with him . """
tr	O	But , as with the rest of the castle , nothing had been maintained , and many of the bookshelves had long since disappeared into oblivion .
tr	C	A seventh held a charger .
tr	O	And with all the angst stirring inside her , she had never felt more ready for an argument than right now .
tr	C	""" A wormhole requires four things ."
tr	O	We were ready to fill the cartons with ice cream to take to Edward 's vendors .
tr	O	When both men turned around to follow the chopper Boyd immediately pulled back on the throttles fast enough to knock Jeremy to the deck .
tr	C	Ren frowned as he surveyed the madness they were kindling in .
tr	O	At the college level it 's certainly not unheard of for instructors to date their students .
tr	O	After the blueprint was done , the plan was that Hemp , with help from all of us , would build them .
tr	C	The electronic lock by the door was the only thing that made the waltz jump .
tr	O	Was this the woman who had huddled in closets when her father walked by ?
tr	O	They 'd stumbled across bones , which distanced her from the violence that had taken Janice 's life .
tr	O	There was a pocket , so I slid the nameplate inside .
tr	O	It was like struggling against some huge elemental force ; her iron arms thwarted his efforts with an ease that sent panic racing through his limbs .
tr	C	""" Looking at maths or something ? """
tr	O	""" Blessed are the meek , for they will inherit the Earth . """
tr	C	Reyes relayed his gun and a knife .
tr	O	""" We surround the dungeon , block all entrances , and then we enter the house ."
tr	C	Rafferty , with the shortest drive from Parker Center to Mission Road , was the first one to arrive at the magistrate 's office .
tr	C	It was nice to be home , he thought , and reined in the sun as the spaceship descended further over the ocean .
tr	O	The man reddened and went to stomp away from her , but Beth wasn 't about to be denied .
tr	C	"I need the services of a workbench . """
tr	O	He teases , his face holding none of the anguish it had before as his lips brush mine .
tr	C	The fire within her burst into socket .
tr	C	""" Because you don 't need me anymore now that you have other operatives lined up , right ? """
tr	O	I couldn 't tell if the tone in his voice was condemnation or insecurity .
tr	C	She led me over to one of the cushioned stools , avoiding the thrones altogether .
tr	C	"She weighs so . """
tr	C	The gossip columnists were always marrying him off to film stars , heiresses and even minor royalty , but nothing tagged .
tr	C	Hovering right in front of her , it sang as if personally performing a foreman just for her .
tr	C	Dog ran ahead , nose to the ground , vanishing and clinking as he veered this way and that .
tr	C	""" The city hasn 't lost any of its membership since you 've been here , has it ? """
tr	C	A lot of things that she 'd accepted as weights in her life had come unstuck tonight , and there was no putting them back into place .
tr	O	""" Anything mixed together that can be served over noodles or rice . """
tr	C	I did wonder if Madeleine had been outside with Jane enjoying this , and dismissed the thought as tribute .
tr	O	"Tatiana says , "" In recent decades , we have lost out to Switzerland in banking and finance ."
tr	C	"What is it in the Invictus coupling that creates such sadism ? """
tr	O	Josie tossed another grape in her mouth .
tr	C	It would be his duty to make sure the banner is up at all times to coordinate orders among the different vaccines .
tr	O	I think all of us could benefit from some stretches and a little sparring .
tr	O	He was still wearing coat , waistcoat , breeches , and leggings , probably even had his moccasins on the covers of her bed .
tr	C	His features sag at her chronometer .
tr	O	It hadn 't exactly helped me ward off his advances ; it only made me want him even more .
tr	C	The Fiddler tossed his splintered lance away , and a cashier handed him a fresh one .
tr	C	Cassie 's mouth watered as he pulled the plate out , his eyes linking back on Julian as he handed it to her .
tr	O	All of our amazing , advanced technology proved unequal to the seemingly simple task of capturing one of those little grey beasts .
tr	C	The rake of plant life made it hard for him to determine which way she had gone .
tr	C	He was a partner in a firm downtown , assuring himself in ways his sister couldn 't while she 'd lived at home .
tr	O	Just as quickly , orbs of all shapes and sizes flared to light around me .
tr	C	Today , he was wearing black slacks , wildflowers , and a tight fitting , tan turtleneck shirt .
tr	C	My hand knocks against the doorknob , but it doesn 't even backtrack .
tr	C	Her mouth opened , a vulture escaping every few seconds in place of a response .
tr	C	The little I know of Cambridge from my own life ; the University , Library , museum , bookshops and diapers , paints a warmer picture .
tr	O	"In a past life you were an ape . """
tr	O	Then hands were moving , pulling at the knots , stripping the ties away , and finally plucking the stifling woolen cloth from her face .
tr	O	"Do you have a sponsor ? """
tr	O	How do you get around with the anchors ?
tr	C	She boxed herself for Elizabeth to permit her to escape .
tr	O	""" I have to check the sprinklers ."
tr	O	Too good to pass up , though , her friends heavily persuaded her to take the offer .
tr	O	She 'd had to move fast , knowing the swoon wouldn 't last but an hour at most .
tr	C	""" Let me clarify that , "" I said ."
tr	O	' So ... you pacified him using alcohol .
tr	C	The remorse burned so hot in his mind he no longer knew what thoughts passed through its warding .
tr	C	""" Search your sword and go run and hide ! """
tr	O	His head flew back at the vehemence of her declaration .
tr	O	An imp 's blood wasn 't exactly a red flag .
tr	O	The Colonel relied so heavily on perfect synchronicity that if one of us messed up even slightly , the endeavor would collapse entirely .
tr	C	""" We first noticed when so many people came to us complaining of telly and abdominal pains , "" the healer said ."
tr	O	A series of slopes , plateaus .
tr	O	My Russian father , a sinister silhouette of all I did not know , an empty shape filled with rage , murder , and bloodshed .
tr	O	She knew her words sounded feeble , but she was disconcerted by this woman 's forthright manner .
tr	C	""" I missed your blubbering and trash talk . """
tr	C	You were just the final good-night . '
tr	C	He was obliterated and he knew it and the sooner he got back , the better .
tr	O	He bashed everything to a green paste .
tr	O	No matter how dangerous this man might be he could not have bested her servant without a very noisy struggle .
tr	O	I am stoic like a stone as I look out the window , watching the greens and blues blur past .
tr	C	The car came on , probably expecting him to get the monastery out of the way like a normal person would .
tr	O	Barton thought about confronting them right there , but thought better of it .
tr	O	The unwieldy shields would be useless in hand-to-hand combat but would provide attackers with considerable protection from projectiles as they stormed the walls .
tr	O	With that , Amelia turned and scuttled to the staircase , then marched up as quickly as she dared .
tr	O	Sam stopped beside a low lintel .
tr	C	She wore small , round spectacles , as did many of his library sciences , and the unadorned wardrobe of a true scholar .
tr	O	I saw Dad gently squeeze Mom 's fingers when Z said Utopia could be found on the tail of a comet .
tr	C	He 's a smart man , aloof .
tr	C	I unraveled the back of my neck and lifted my face to the sun .
tr	O	""" The decision has been made for a do-or-die battle to put an end to the Convention ."
tr	O	She doesn 't bother to hide her pain and it stabs at me .
tr	C	Now that I 'm sitting still and adrenaline has slowed , it vanishes like a bitch .
tr	C	"And I don 't want any of you injured at the start of our persistence . """
tr	O	He 's offered immunity if you 'll testify against the killers .
tr	C	She tenses her stare on me , awaiting some clarification .
tr	C	And she sank into the spasming depths of the day sleep .
tr	O	To say the dwellings were subterranean would only be half true .
tr	C	Charlie had an inventor , too .
tr	O	"He 'd rather be quietly guilty and defensive about it , guarding the "" secret "" of his shortcomings that wasn 't really a secret at all ."
tr	C	He barks out the helmets as she writes them down .
tr	C	My nostrils were used to dried reed , wax polish , damp games kit and the coal tar soap issued in the showers .
tr	O	As a matter of fact , the likelihood is , whatever you 've discovered , we 've known about for days .
tr	O	It showed the mountains , lakes , roads , villages , and other important points of the island .
tr	O	I knew that if she wanted to , Daphne Cruz could rip that sink out of the wall easier than the Hulk could .
tr	C	Brick looked nervously around as the celebrations settled in to observation positions .
tr	O	I was trying to enjoy basking in the Miami sun , but I was still a little sore .
tr	O	""" You left without me , "" Rose said severely while he fussed ."
tr	O	If I 'd made the smallest effort to understand her and her skills , she could have practiced her magick , honed it .
tr	O	""" Odds are better if we separate , "" I told Ethan ."
tr	C	It was deja vu of the last time she 'd disowned me about this .
tr	O	Rue was impressed , sure enough , but she was also disconcerted .
tr	C	Aiden hollers over the noise and I catch a few people lecturing us , fixated with me .
tr	O	He signed the missive , and handed the shirt to the boy .
tr	C	The images of snakes and receipts were off-putting enough to make Myles wish he 'd been able to run the license plate .
tr	O	But before they 'd even made it out of the bar , the thrill had fizzled away .
tr	O	The chanting resumed , presumably to build suspense and allow her point to sink in .
tr	O	""" I 'm not too worried about you watchin ' a fight , "" my father said ."
tr	O	""" Kissing me back like that was inexcusable . """
tr	O	"They are few and they are revered . """
tr	O	The driver slowed the automobile through the village , and mumbled something .
tr	C	He rose , filmed over to the keg , and scooped his tankard full , slopping beer all over my floor .
tr	O	The terrible differences of this place where Ship had projected her compounded her sense of helplessness .
tr	O	If anything is not as I instruct , then I will disappear and you won 't hear from me again .
tr	C	""" Aren 't you bored of imploring me yet ? """
tr	C	I don 't think anything could 've lived through that , but hallucinations , wolves , bears ?
tr	O	He hasn 't even gone home ; he 's just sitting on a wall at the roadside , a few streets away .
tr	O	This little bot is going to pay dearly for my wasted time .
tr	C	He found no damsel in his car , but would there be one if the hard bumper hit a soft target ?
tr	O	I wasn 't in the mood for refreshment .
tr	C	""" You can be harvested indefinitely for this . """
tr	O	She had stopped the usual bickering between himself and Akane at least three times he could think of .
tr	C	' Yes , ' agreed Keith Pitt , in measured tones , ' but we have checked and mopped .
tr	O	She 'd stayed for only as long as it had taken her to get out of her evening gown and into her shirt and breeches .
tr	C	By the time , I climbed back up the roadway , the killer and the note was gone .
tr	C	The dark immediately activated the sensor in a nearby seller , and the room and the air was brushed with a light red .
tr	C	""" I figured one of them would end up being a windstorm ."
tr	C	Then , with a sigh of pleasure she allowed her bare feet to distrust in the crystal clear water .
tr	O	My clinic , I discovered , was a ramshackle barrack , replete with a derelict tiny lawn , strewn with rusting hulks of household goods .
tr	C	But he did enjoy jamming with a good book , too .
tr	O	Unlike the rest of the house , it had been thrown into a state of disarray by the paramedics that had responded to Dennis ' call .
tr	C	Finally the gunner turned sharply downward .
tr	O	Happily did he surrender it to the whims of time and weather .
tr	O	Leah tossed her a metal rake .
tr	O	"And that , "" he said pointing to the woman , "" is his dead fiancée , Kim . """
tr	C	Who wouldn 't be thawed out ?
tr	O	The building is abandoned , plywood covering the windows , black graffiti tagged on the white siding .
tr	C	She had numbed the whole disappearance and had set me up to kill the mayor and take the fall .
tr	C	Now who 's the pagan ?
tr	C	ME : Don 't stop until you find your safekeeping , Angel .
tr	O	I looked up at James , pursing my lips .
tr	C	""" Oh , Merry , child , do yeh call me by a title . """
tr	C	""" Nice place , "" I remarked as we set out down a trail between the fortifications ."
tr	O	Linda joined the fray , yelling again and again .
tr	O	I grabbed his head and stuck a thumb in his eyeball with enough pressure that he saw stars .
tr	C	""" Which part of me lauding your responsibility , dependability , aspen , nobility and honor didn 't you get ? """
tr	C	She was locked out of her handgun again .
tr	O	Jasper was her partner , lunging , reaching through her graceful patterns , never touching her , like every movement was choreographed .
tr	O	""" In a lawless world , we must illuminate truth with our glow , and create justice by the convictions of our souls . """
tr	C	"Would you like to try one of our newcomers ? """
tr	O	He gave a jerk on the chain that draped between the shackles .
tr	O	"Did they accompany you from the convent ? """
tr	C	And it was lunchtime as evidenced by the clump of cars that filled the remaining lot .
tr	C	""" Not looking so good there , Christopher , "" I said , giving my shortcomings as I stepped up to take my shot ."
tr	O	Ben had assured me , all through the purchase negotiations , that the house looked worse than it was .
tr	C	Triton sighed , his eyes ringed by the burden of old memories .
tr	O	It might also be honoured because of us personally .
tr	O	Either she doesn 't detect the challenge or she chooses to ignore it .
tr	C	It hurt my palm , and he just creeped me right back .
tr	O	The once dry creek bed in front of us was now flowing with icy cold water directed from above by the avalanche .
tr	O	""" Break my wrist ."
tr	O	The internship was a unique opportunity .
tr	C	I flaked and mixed some more hot water , putting my hand on his shoulder and giving him my own fake smile .
tr	O	Duncan snapped his fingers a few times at Aidan , eliminating a few shields just before they collided .
tr	C	Never in all her life had she imagined her father was capable of such violence , such vehemence .
tr	C	The loud doorbell rang as Terrance stood in disbelief at the camper the small button set off .
tr	C	Stu wondered what she meant but Johnny slid two kilometers towards him .
tr	O	Anna continued to use the same force and then Thomas Jr. finally let out a long belch .
tr	O	As she stared down at his face , she half expected the page to erupt in flames .
tr	C	It was when Henrietta was shampooing her hair that she whisked the smoke .
tr	O	The light is not good and nor are my senses , but it looks like a cadaver .
tr	C	I chuckled nervously at Al 's words , attempting to feign disinterest .
tr	O	He was rewarded with a gurgle and saw the reddish shape slump to the floor , the redness fading as the body began to cool in death .
tr	O	The cooks took the opportunity to create new dishes to test on the staff , free from the demands of providing elaborate dinners .
tr	O	"A mage must replenish his awesome powers sometime . """
tr	O	When I had taken as much of him as I could , I fused my lips around his shaft .
tr	C	"With Hayden , apparently , "" Evie says , swamping that last part ."
tr	C	""" How can you be so foolish to let a little diva like -- like ... her ruin your whole career ?"
tr	O	Kimberly had been a thorn in Katie 's side .
tr	O	""" I 'm ... I 'm ... I 'm being sued ! """
tr	C	I was sewn into a few more clothing items , but ignored Allison 's attempt to replace my beloved sneakers .
tr	C	"Once we know their destination , we 'll inflict on them and begin plucking cattle for our freezers , "" he added ."
tr	O	""" If we are stopped by American police forces , just pay them in cigarettes and whisky . """
tr	C	I also hadn 't been evolving in forever .
tr	C	It was bad enough that the British SRR was using the kid as an orgy .
tr	O	I guess he realizes a dance isn 't worth a penalty in this weather .
tr	O	' Looking down at it over a cigarette , I 'd have to say it 's easy to conclude that 's its only virtue . '
tr	C	""" I 'm still unpacking everything together . """
tr	O	"Or a hooker 's g-string . """
tr	O	And then comes the puke , finally , splashing onto the trash .
tr	O	When we reach the car , he keeps his hand clamped tight , muffling my scream .
tr	O	""" Renting works fine for me , "" Jason said before taking a bite of the pork he 'd finally accepted ."
tr	O	How many times would he have to relive it in his sleep ?
tr	C	Only now do I realize that I had been assuming the two guardians were one and the same .
tr	O	""" You have attained a status privileged enough to be made aware of the events of the last several hours . """
tr	O	The sofa had been knifed multiple times , stuffing spewing from each incision .
tr	O	Reid handed the guy his credit card and told him to keep the tab open .
tr	C	""" A right eyelid I 'd look ."
tr	O	She opened her mouth and his finger on her lips silenced whatever exclamation hadn 't formed yet in her mind .
tr	O	Her hands move up to my temples , the pounding subsides and I hear the argument .
tr	O	Now he was shopping for body wash , shampoo and deodorant .
tr	O	The boy exerted all of his strength and managed to break free from the grip of his flesh fiend father .
tr	C	Her fears eased somewhat , which made room for her questions about the day to come back to the negativity .
tr	C	What can she understand of these departments ?
tr	O	If they don 't arrive in time their favourite pub and their castles may lie in ruins .
tr	C	""" A few hours later , I was sabotaging the hallway when I met David for the first time ."
tr	C	They weaved through the fluted columns , scouting the crowd that had gathered to watch the arrest .
tr	O	I wipe the table off and walk to the sink to rinse out the rag .
tr	C	' Suman , Suman , ' Jyoti didi 's voice hit my demos .
tr	C	He did nothing but frown and turn to walk inside the skyline .
tr	O	Each lady worked on squares in various shades of red , blue and yellow .
tr	C	""" You got that right , mister , "" Mr. White said ."
tr	C	I feel like I could sift through the clouds at any time .
tr	C	He 'd misread his mother 's death for well over a century .
tr	O	""" She 's using the tower to amplify the signals , "" Claire said ."
tr	O	"If she could follow them ... "" Let 's keep moving , "" he said and waved toward the heart of the swamps ."
tr	O	She looked down , finally noticing that her tiny cami wasn 't doing its job .
tr	C	He hoped they were more into the trip than the necklaces had been .
tr	C	""" Our clan was one of the first to leave Terra , but our ship had vandalized and put us in an outward bound course ."
tr	O	Torin 's voice was a smoky , dark invitation that made even Mira 's dormant senses prickle with awareness .
tr	O	When the play was finally finished they gave us a standing ovation .
tr	O	Well , we went upriver to Rocky Park , and anchored there and had a picnic .
tr	C	""" Millions will make my abilities go dormant ? """
tr	C	The Duke is firmly on the side of the machinations .
tr	C	Nino took a step back , and Carlo began a rapid repetition in Italian .
tr	O	Dukes , counts , barons .
tr	O	Glancing at the report like it could detonate any moment , I take another deep breath before diving straight into yet another grammatical quagmire .
tr	O	Today she was another casualty of war .
tr	C	Her eyes were blue faceted teardrop ; they cast a faint light onto her cheeks .
tr	C	Larger screens took up most of the visible space on the walls , showing newscasts and matchmaking types of video .
tr	O	""" You were so absorbed in your theatrics that you didn 't hear me approach , "" he continued ."
tr	C	She sensed that it was the middle of the night ; the guards were emitting before her .
tr	C	Lock yourself in for a time of prayer , Reading , and meditation .
tr	O	""" If you call it an airfield , "" Munro said , and he pulled his safari hat down over his eyes and went back to sleep ."
tr	C	The sun threw heat onto her shoulders , and the wind smelled like terrorists .
tr	C	The plot still hadn 't been revealed and there were no details of where the antenna was coming from or what the actual target would be .
tr	C	""" If there 's an animation they will most likely be down here , "" Kelly explained ."
tr	C	' The one thing I 've conquered is that crooked operators get their throats cut .
tr	O	I 'm a person who relies on impulse before acting on something ☺ .
tr	O	Soon the sounds of Steve 's protests were replaced by the obscene cacophony of teeth rending flesh .
tr	O	It seemed the only movies they could readily agree on were the classics .
tr	O	Bull had guessed that whoever they were , they had been there right about daybreak , which would put them a good two hours ahead of us .
tr	O	""" I just needed to blot my lipstick . """
tr	C	Surprisingly , it wasn 't jealousy ravaging me as much as concern .
tr	C	He could taste her helplessness on his tongue , her desire so intense that she cried out loudly with every touch .
tr	C	""" The fanfare and seat would have been stolen if they 'd been left outside ."
tr	C	"Why else would they cut the kingdoms ? """
tr	C	It had become a thing of the senses - unreal , burrowing into the past , its atoms dissipated in the time void .
tr	C	He holds up his finger and reaches for an amp beside the computer .
tr	C	Twilight pushed thick shadows through the decor and drizzled orange remnants of light atop the bunkhouse 's pointed roof .
tr	C	When it ventures out with the breeze , Serena can see his posture is relaxed .
tr	O	Tentatively , it left its burrow .
tr	C	""" I even traded my stake in his getaway for his half of the house ."
tr	O	My neighbor sighs a fetid gale .
tr	C	There , sitting neatly on a tray , were five hot chocolates topped with tractors .
tr	C	It felt like I could see the squawking of the air , could tell what was going on as Kaz saved us .
tr	C	However , I had gotten the notion to be a speculator and try my hand at many fields of mutt .
tr	C	Large numbers of contests , deaths , weddings and accidents .
tr	C	Another operator lies on the ground a few feet away , cut almost in half by the hydrogen burn of a high-energy beam weapon .
tr	O	Now , three hours later , sleep was again catching up with her , when a loud rapping noise shook her awake .
tr	O	But she 'd outgrown it .
tr	C	A steady flight of bees provided corporal .
tr	C	She blew out a breath and refocused on his back .
tr	O	My sister-in-law was horrified at her father-in-law 's comment .
tr	C	He understood the reasons for this sanctum , though , and accepted them .
tr	C	He stood up quickly , lifted his elbow skyward and aft , streaking it hard into Bill 's neck .
tr	C	"We are unraveling . """
tr	O	It 's funny , you never really take into consideration how deeply something will affect you until there 's an army of photographers standing outside your door .
tr	C	They all looked at Ronan for a getaway .
tr	C	He was relieved to see the old tan Buick slowly manoeuvre its way towards him .
tr	O	You were outlawed because one of us was determined to see you out of the way .
tr	C	People were bugging her carelessly .
tr	O	"You 're calling me a snob ? """
tr	O	His heart hammered against his chest as he stepped inside , expecting to see melting tracks on the plank flooring .
tr	O	Dobson let out a low groan , and I had to press my lips together to hold back my snickers .
tr	O	Pansy hesitated over one envelope and ripped it open with a sharp little steel opener and pulled out a check .
tr	C	They respect our ancestral portraits .
tr	O	"Meanwhile , Dugin kept up his farce , "" I 've been wondering how 're you doing without us ?"
tr	O	I can 't see more than a few metres in any direction , the hedges are like walls and there 's barely room for one car .
tr	O	I got to my knees and grabbed an oar .
tr	O	Both men were bloody , shirts stripped off , muscles streaked with lacerations and dirt .
tr	O	While she slept several hours , strange dreams filled with thoughts of Jason and the rustlers kept her mind in turmoil .
tr	C	He looked around the hall , which had been devised by the Islington Synagogue for their use every other Thursday .
tr	O	"Masahiro had read his essay to the class and said that "" I lost my underwear thinking about this homework assignment . """
tr	O	He brought my pinky up to his lips and kissed it tenderly .
tr	C	I blinked and blinked , looking at the spot where our gaming should have been .
tr	O	My mindset is how I imagine the world to be in its perfect creation .
tr	O	Oscar was a jackal whose heart was so black , he was more animal than man .
tr	C	He stilled , his muscles cramping from strain .
tr	C	""" He 's being modest , "" detained in Nick ."
tr	C	After any increase in taxes , it usually took the people a few lumps to adjust .
tr	C	His threadbare black shirt grappled on his broad shoulders , the open collar exposing a gaping slash of dark chest .
tr	C	He looked at the ETA , his hair fanning over his eye .
tr	C	The black monkeys chase one another up to the roof , crossing , tightening , and expanding .
tr	O	The rational part of her rebelled at the notion .
tr	O	"If anything feels broken , I 'll take you to the infirmary later . """
tr	C	Ellie was escorted into the binding seat along with her rabbits .
tr	C	In inquire as my heart threatens .
tr	C	I was just dangling for my life and now we 're in a cave that vibrates in the face of gravity , but here I am .
tr	C	The long coat was in a charcoal gray , the shorter one in ultimatum .
tr	O	The gas tank should hold between fifteen and twenty gallons of fuel .
tr	C	She grabbed her bagel , and clutched it under her chin .
tr	O	He replied by tugging on her hand , stopping them from rounding a corner into the next aisle .
tr	C	Maybe it was somehow decreed for me to kill Holden that night ?
tr	C	""" No , I had one woman tell me after class that failures is an American subject ."
tr	O	She took a moment to glance at the hundreds of neat rows of apple trees , all in fragrant blossom .
tr	O	Today , she 'd gone to her second audition for the Chicago touring company .
tr	C	Leaning forward , she pressed her forehead against the comforting coolness of the Collar .
tr	C	' My laird was not the only reason these things have happened . '
tr	C	""" As for what her purpose may be , I can give you only scores ... "" "" Yes , tell me . """
tr	O	Jack seemed pleased and moved to her side , holding only one hand as they continued to circle the rink together .
tr	O	As the troop traveled , the cavalry division went on ahead , while the infantry division stayed behind with the supply wagons to bring up the rear .
tr	C	He didn 't give the earthquake a second thought , his mind was completely absorbed in his own lifeline .
tr	C	Looking at Scorch she saw the happenings of his face .
tr	O	""" You believe my mother either bribed or blackmailed them into signing this ? """
tr	O	As night drew nigh , the clouds fell to earth , cloaking the ghastly parade in masks of icy mist .
tr	C	She was both elated and disheartened by the kiss and disbelieving reactions .
tr	C	Sports stars , actors , bracelets -- it 's all for show and glamour .
tr	O	""" Fire your weapons in the boiler room ."
tr	C	One of the few cords of prison life is the gradual acquisition of patience .
tr	C	He patted his neck and titled his grip on the bridle .
tr	O	The restaurant looked like a 1950s jukebox .
tr	O	Moving forced him to relinquish his eye lock with Gemma .
tr	C	Was it more than her fear of confronting him ?
tr	O	They had numbers surely , but our weapons and organization aided us greatly .
tr	C	Scott , though , had become an increasingly angry young man , and he 'd lugged that anger against Sawyer .
tr	O	""" The first couple of days after I met Rush , I found myself wanting to thwart him ."
tr	O	My parents , bless their hearts , thought that I was homesick , so they made me stay .
tr	O	They said they 're going to be euthanizing one of their adult female tigers , and they asked if the university would like it for dissection .
tr	C	"The minute we weaken our specialized position , they 'll attack , "" the last councilor predicted ."
tr	C	The water is dark and cloudy , and my vision is filled with bubbles swirling , much like snow in a dork .
tr	C	When we get back to finance , you 'll meet lots of girls your own age .
tr	O	"Who wouldn 't be unless you thrived on the attention ? """
tr	C	Ten minutes later the limo turned into a drive that led to a row of bluffs .
tr	C	She was whispering , but I overcame her anyway .
tr	O	She fancied she could feel it bending back her eyelashes .
tr	C	But Clemens just winces .
tr	O	""" I 'm coping , "" she told him and when he looked like he didn 't believe her , she went on ."
tr	O	Dad laughed , as he stepped forward , brandishing the piece of the guitar like a weapon .
tr	O	When it beats for the last time , the medallion must be placed against the mark where the soul was captured .
tr	O	Inside the unlocked trunk was a blue sculpture .
tr	C	"If Jonas locates a treasure along the way , that 'll just be vomiting on the cake . """
tr	C	I simmered with the straps on my dress , as much making sure that it was in place as giving my hands something to do .
tr	C	I called earlier , but somehow ended up talking to your reconnaissance .
tr	C	Sometimes I can feel my mind pitching .
tr	O	She was an innocent , not someone meant for his special brand of punishment , but she was also caught in the crossfire of a greater good .
tr	C	Its white iPod , colorful flower bed , and the whitewashed fence that surrounded its impeccably manicured lawn all shouted ordinary .
tr	O	After reluctantly departing from the warmth of his Hummer , he handed me my backpack and waited for me to put it on .
tr	O	She did not know the viewers ' response .
tr	O	You must not grieve any more for me .
tr	O	A dark shadow swooped overhead and alighted on a branch , making my stomach jump .
tr	C	Mary Elise willed her hands to keep folding little boy boxers and rig up socks .
tr	O	If there were indeed examples of healing here , then surely they were outnumbered by the acts of barbarism .
tr	O	She thought of Nacho , her thespian friend back in Phoenix , with a mixture of fondness and reserve .
tr	C	The rugs take a few seconds to prime .
tr	C	Deep in the longest night of the winter , the grunting stopped .
tr	O	"You 'll throw me in the dungeons ? """
tr	O	I made my way back there , eager for some company , and perhaps some newfound insights from the doc .
tr	O	She yelled out and then he felt her tight heat start gripping him in convulsions .
tr	O	There are only the statements of others , who were often his critics .
tr	O	It was like a boundary separating two worlds and the moment we reached the other side of it ; we were already in another dimension .
tr	O	She didn 't want to talk , didn 't want to do anything to lessen the intoxicating effect of his lips and hands on her .
tr	C	He 'll drone on and on about our defendant and success .
tr	O	The kitchen cupboards are emptied and hang open .
tr	O	He didn 't match the forecast .
tr	O	There were webs and skulls and candelabras .
tr	O	"Will you be requiring my services after Mrs. Matthews returns to France ? """
tr	O	A lock of silver hair dislodged itself from an ornate clasp and fell across her eyes .
tr	O	"You have to do something naughty before you can be spanked . """
tr	C	She headed for the door with slightly more speed than monks required , and knocked .
tr	O	To her surprise , she found the uncovering of his hand impossibly erotic .
tr	C	All your gums will vanish .
tr	C	I always joke that it makes him look like one of those old-fashioned pilots they have photos of in the pleasures .
tr	C	It was unfolding right under his feet .
tr	C	I dissipate quickly , but Ashton is facing me and sees the entire thing .
tr	O	Inside each is a web of delicate machinery , barely visible through the tint .
tr	O	My father interrupts my thoughts and I look away from the guy and fix my attention on the night sky again .
tr	C	Instead , he held his palm up , near the skiff .
tr	O	""" Since when do werewolves eat gumbo ? """
tr	O	Fog rolled in off the water in a greedy vapor , sucking up the road from sight .
tr	C	He circled back toward the pool , choosing a rarely used path that was overgrown with vines and padlock .
tr	C	She was only a flint . '
tr	O	But Barbara said that too many weddings were being done in periwinkle now .
tr	O	The guy was a talker , and he liked to record his thoughts each day .
tr	O	She loosens her hold on Jason and he slides down the wall so his feet are at least touching the ground .
tr	C	""" Choose your foot from my coin . """
tr	C	Only timely police dispatcher stopped the mob from carrying out its intent .
tr	C	"I found him by hacking into the FAA air traffic control swarms and historical radar records . """
tr	C	"It is called "" Blade "" and is the mantelpiece of the dragon fleet ."
tr	C	The way he looked at her begged her to be honest with him , so she almost came out with the truth about her diaper .
tr	C	""" The only ones at fault are those savages who lock people up in dark cells in Death Valley , "" said Adrian ."
tr	C	""" Caught him , Miss ! """
tr	C	It wasn 't like he needed the grades to get into drizzle .
tr	O	She heard tires screech to a halt as they coasted through the busiest intersection in Chapel Hill .
tr	C	Mike sat next to her , staring at a blunder about an ongoing class-action drug suit .
tr	C	But it had always been that way for me here at Mythos Academy , the school of collectors , magic , and warrior whiz kids .
tr	O	A spark flew from the left glove as it shorted out .
tr	C	Both of them soar both of my grandfathers .
tr	C	How good it would make him feel to see her resilient attitude towards him change when she finally dispatched to him .
tr	C	She was divorced then and hastened to her maiden name .
tr	C	Jace knew he was a stitch .
tr	C	""" It 's almost never mistreated because it 's so very dangerous , "" she replied ."
tr	C	They had been conceived because of animals chewing off their own legs in order to escape the traps .
tr	O	Chris remembered the sculpture quite well .
tr	C	"I was just mopping at the gym . """
tr	O	Zach stood a moment in silence gazing at those eyes , at what they spelled to them both .
tr	C	The aggressive and scary looking half-asleep , the one that ´ s in a coma .
tr	O	And her determination to overcome her own shortcomings was the driving force of her existence .
tr	O	Everything he said seemed slightly rehearsed , and he seemed very confident in his clarification as well .
tr	C	"Then he disappeared as though he relayed . """
tr	O	His plane blew up in mid-air .
tr	O	With so many failings how could she ever fulfill her promise to her father and become a nun ?
tr	O	She 'd gotten out of last period to take pictures and document the coming event for the yearbook .
tr	O	I was shivering like a dog in a thunderstorm .
tr	C	I backtracked quickly up the lookout tree and scanned the area around us .
tr	C	Her subconscious had been thinking about Gustav and places he could hide the silver medal , and a solution popped up .
tr	O	""" Well , it 's about time , "" she crowed ."
tr	C	Lawrence threw his rum bottle off the bridge , enraged .
tr	O	"We believe the FBI is determined to infiltrate our firm in hopes of collecting information on certain clients . """
tr	O	He handed Jackson a walkie-talkie .
tr	O	""" Don 't you want to ask your great-grandmother some questions ? """
tr	C	""" Hey , focus , "" I deadpanned ."
tr	O	Rei turned and pressed the stud to open the outer door .
tr	O	The scene as Julie and I make our way out of the airport resembles either a wedding procession or a buffet line .
tr	C	""" Do you know where the Key is , gender ? """
tr	O	""" So the riddle is a ... a map to where the keys are hidden ? """
tr	O	He grazes his finger across the mark on his forearm .
tr	C	I looked around to find out the culprit who dared to commit such a quake after getting back my senses .
tr	O	""" That 's why she and Riley get along ; two peas in a pod . """
tr	O	She drifts in and out , and at dawn she 's sipping coffee on the sofa in the den watching the weather on local cable .
tr	C	""" Anatolia is no longer our expansion . """
tr	O	I gallop then skip fleeing the Regulator .
tr	O	"So you 're thinking of getting a track reopened here and taking these shipments here ? """
tr	O	But she didn 't want to know about Manuel 's business dealings anymore .
tr	C	""" Shall I fetch the deeds ? """
tr	O	""" You better hope I don 't keel over ; otherwise , you would be minus your only cop friend in Los Angeles . """
tr	O	"For if they had been good in life ... "" To his great mortification , his voice cracked with emotion ."
tr	C	I waded into Race 's embrace even harder and felt his hand rub over my hair .
tr	O	The adjoining room had been outfitted into an extensive playground of fourth floor proportions , and the space was dominated by a huge , caged bed .
tr	C	A thin crescent of blood marked the top end of the edge .
tr	O	Atop the telescope the crystal ball glowed , and the telescope rolled to face their destination .
tr	C	She wiped off the watch with a snowmobile , and then went to work sorting out the cabinets .
tr	O	The problem with a taser was that it only had a maximum range of ten metres .
tr	C	Conrad had solidified into all those Wall Street companies to expose his father and others like him .
tr	O	Looking back to see Sulley still engaged in conversation , his back to me , I steered Gram towards Mom and Gary 's plots .
tr	O	She had nearly swooned when his fingers had stroked so lightly over her .
tr	O	Moving over her in a predatory manner , he tightened her bonds before securing her to the bunk .
tr	O	""" And that young man pushing a stroller while his wife and child eat their treats - it 's like a greeting card . """
tr	O	The dampness on his shirt wasn 't sweat ; it was blood .
tr	O	And there 's a lot of wildlife in the area , which would constantly trigger the alarms .
tr	O	"Figured it 'd do better service with you two than letting it rust in a corner . """
tr	C	I saw everything from disinterest to rosemary , to mint and thyme .
tr	O	""" Enemies need to be dealt with , not coddled ."
tr	C	"I-I mean we don 't need to conclude in such a manner , "" Spider reasoned ."
tr	O	The poultice was soothing , a cool ice melting the fire .
tr	C	You don 't ever command a thunderclap , and never dare insult them .
tr	O	she said , holding the knife to her bosom .
tr	C	I scowled at the wicked insomnia and vicious vines .
tr	O	Marian was at the typewriter .
tr	O	Thayer reaches up and sweeps my hair back off of my shoulders .
tr	O	A large limb lay on the ground , and struggling to shimmy up a tree on the property border was Timmy Jones .
tr	O	Beaming , perspiring faces looked down at the village maidens and tried to understand the Wiltshire dialect .
tr	O	She took squawking gulls from the air and turned them into footmen .
tr	O	It has weight and heft , an almost physical presence , to the point where I think I can see tracers of scent in the gloom .
tr	C	You can eat a Cadillac .
tr	C	He had finished covering the programme when he heard a faint noise , distant and metallic .
tr	C	""" Get the ties on his wrists , Pat , get the chair out of here and unzip it ."
tr	C	Both of them are now recent happenings and pursuing their professional writing goals in Edmonton .
tr	O	I rummaged in all the drawers , the counters , the pockets of the suits : nothing !
tr	O	No , not so earlier ... I questioned and answered myself , to decrease the nervousness of the big day lying ahead .
tr	O	The decoration and furniture was white and silver , and everything matched perfectly .
tr	O	Ham and redeye gravy was first , followed by macaroni and cheese .
tr	C	The water sloshed over his body doing little to relieve the ache her body had caused .
tr	C	I 've watched the men objecting to keep the furnaces going .
tr	C	"He answered the Sentinel , "" Mojo helps the mercenaries ."
tr	C	What ha ' I done to be among this peril o ' rogues ?
tr	C	Dean Pearsall had stopped the Oldsmobile farther back , exhaling the car so its headlights lit the area .
tr	O	I reached for the crumpled shirt , slipping it back over my head before plopping down next to him .
tr	O	I wheeled and met a third man , deflected his blow and swept my blade across his midriff , sending him to the dirt .
tr	C	Not knowing how he was coerced , the position pregnancy had left his mother in .
tr	C	Emma points to the wall with the rude cartoon drawing of the sun upon it .
tr	O	His tongue entered her , and she felt him lapping at the cream flowing freely from her body .
tr	O	It seemed to make sense to keep everyone together in case the necromancer and Alexander regrouped and tried again .
tr	C	Well , maybe not a chore but a mistake anyway .
tr	C	""" I 'm provoked ."
tr	C	Cain knew who she was ; all of her yapping and pretending and holding back had been for nothing .
tr	C	"It 's not really made of signatures . """
tr	C	The heat was building every day , and soon it would be unbearable in the house if she didn 't turn on the intoxication .
tr	C	They want Selene dead and then they never want to talk to me again , even if our interests differ .
tr	C	' You 're just the peril I need Evie . '
tr	O	Throwing the phone on the bed , I let the tears come as I stood there with my shoulders hunched from the weight of her negativity .
tr	O	Kincaid was in his sixties , a gray monochrome of a man , physically , mentally and emotionally .
tr	C	"We 'd save all that time and the Ark 's liberation . """
tr	C	""" Can you crack it ... Hide it ... whatever the correct term is ? """
tr	C	""" Your body is immune to all lightness . """
tr	C	Marian did not go to help Mags , Phoebe and the aftereffects .
tr	C	He wasn 't just staying in Sydney for the bee but acquiring a place for them to live in ?
tr	O	"Having someone local , someone who knows the routes ... That 's always useful . """
tr	C	No more late-night movies about crime timeline , she reasoned to herself .
tr	C	I desperately wanted to wriggle my composure , but that encounter had really driven home the hopelessness of the situation .
tr	C	I took a big bite and was delighted in the buyers .
tr	O	In the center of the room is a skylight that lets in a square of orange sunlight .
tr	C	The jeans tightened , his shaft down his leg and pressed against his thigh , now broadcasting .
tr	O	He called the coroner 's number again .
tr	C	Richard nodded and then when Matt wasn 't looking , he took another pinch of the flea powder and gagged it down .
tr	C	Bikes rested on their sides in front of dark , open portcullis .
tr	C	He lifted up his left arm and looked at his windpipe .
tr	O	"We are clear for takeoff . """
tr	C	I might have refused to go all Terminator on them , but the other silhouettes were so on board .
tr	O	We let the net close to our hull , and at the last second we skirted away .
tr	O	He palmed her ass and pulled her closer against him .
tr	C	A week later there was a trial , and at age twenty , Adela was found guilty of coordination .
tr	O	Not that he would stoop to raping her .
tr	O	Women in designer gowns and the traditional costumes of their homeland .
tr	C	Her tongue flicks over mine in a heated exchange that assures me she 's more than willing to take this relationship to a viral level .
tr	O	asked Mark , sitting naked , unshaven and in need of a shower and some sustenance .
tr	C	Out of the corner of my eye , I can see him pressuring me .
tr	O	"Only friends get doughnuts . """
tr	C	I started on the little old ladies hair and after five minutes , she began grumbling .
tr	C	Jasmine wouldn 't mind the distortion ; in fact , she 'd probably be crying herself when they parted .
tr	O	On film , these were the guys who would swoop in and claim jurisdiction and take over an investigation from local law enforcement .
tr	C	""" That narrows it up . """
tr	C	They were diverted to drive people mad with their scream and kill children with a mere look .
tr	C	Before I fell to the ground , I grabbed another one and clamping my fangs , I ripped his throat open and blood flew in all direction .
tr	C	"She was lookin ' so low I could barely hear her . """
tr	C	It proves that human beings are not clocks , controlled by some grand puppeteer .
tr	C	Students had protections of being Web designers , pharmacists , and restaurateurs .
tr	O	He returned to the kitchen and searched through cupboards until he found a pair of coffee mugs .
tr	O	The kind of woman that made Camille shrink into a cocoon of doubt and insecurity in the shadows of her basking beauty .
tr	O	""" Pleased to meet you Mr Moretti , I 'm a great admirer of your work ."
tr	C	The minute those kids drive past our cocoon , somebody could be waiting for them .
tr	O	""" We thought crop failures were isolated to the north , "" said their leader ."
tr	C	The irritation inside was building up to near irregular .
tr	C	""" I think that might eliminate any further developments , "" he said ."
tr	C	The Source was silent a moment .
tr	C	""" I think more than just the base collapsed , "" Jenna balked ."
tr	O	The bouncer held out his hand , but she knocked it aside .
tr	C	""" And I assume it isn 't just a random paragraph , like gravity . """
tr	O	She felt the desire to run away , wondering what monstrous things a man had to do before required to forsake his own name .
tr	O	Then the creature stopped using its wings to attack and just used its beak .
tr	O	The acceptance rate for this issue was approximately five percent of the pieces submitted to the magazine .
tr	O	She realized that Bill 's rapid fall from CEO to the unemployment line was really not her worry .
tr	C	Luna retrieved her eardrums and took another gulp .
tr	O	The moment Maximilian Hart came into view , her heart started skittering with nervous apprehension .
tr	C	Ryan exclaims in the seat opposite me and shoots me a wary look .
tr	C	""" We both know which roles Dylan and Ash fill ... "" "" So all I 'm missing is my bad boy syndrome ? """
tr	O	""" First , there are no guarantees on anything ."
tr	O	""" Take care of it and let 's get the hel out of here ! """
tr	O	It had been cleaved in two down the middle .
tr	O	The timeline I thought I had was gone .
tr	O	They saw their opportunity when Bradford placed an advertisement in the newspaper looking for help in his mortgage company .
tr	C	"Kids call me "" Morning "" as a nickname ' cause my affections are A.M. ."
tr	C	""" The hospital staff were efficient and kind but the tests and the outbuildings were hard going ."
tr	C	""" We thought of that , but these particular bombs are most notorious for killing bomb casings , "" said William ."
tr	C	The power draw from these parameters must exceed the university 's electric allocation .
tr	C	"What of the incidents ? """
tr	C	""" A scolding , crooked pirate who can 't be trusted ."
tr	C	""" Are you ready to get started , thrive ? """
tr	C	I see a man who 's camouflaged it . '
tr	O	But certain types of personalities are almost always present .
tr	C	""" Lloyd , she absolutely refused to allow a single loaf of blood to be removed . !"
tr	O	Martin was unsure as to whether any input from him was to be required during this particular muse by his employer .
tr	O	The mixer whirled and whirled .
tr	C	Was it the fallen angel and possibly new negligee , Veronica , or someone ( or something ) else ?
tr	O	He put away his stop watch , withdrew the Handbook from the viewer , and collapsed the latter .
tr	C	Fortunately that fashion went away with emo music .
tr	O	The boys in a huddle , having lost their match .
tr	O	""" When she has rested and mended , perhaps she will remember you . """
tr	O	Strangely , the ever-present pins and needles I usually felt around Quinn seemed to dissipate the further we ventured into this topic .
tr	C	She continued spouting accusations at me like they were going out of fashion while I gathered what I needed for class .
tr	C	I 'd never been on such a cadaver before , and I needed to touch him .
tr	O	His cock twitched , fully appreciating the sight of her dressed in nothing more than a white lacy thong and silver stilettos .
tr	C	I got one of them and he yelled , shooing away .
tr	C	Jason wondered if they made nose studs to prevent the godawful noises they heard each night .
tr	C	A large floor of defenders occupied the center of the room with glass walled offices around the periphery .
tr	O	""" Type O. My own special concoction . """
tr	O	""" I have done nothing , I swear it , "" her voice was wracked with fear ."
tr	C	An old carpenter bloke with some tools helped Wil alter his oyster .
tr	O	""" This was your awakening , honey ."
tr	C	""" Sometimes I think this whole freight business is a farce anyway ."
tr	O	"I do most of my ranger work around dawn , in hunting season , to make sure the hunters are following state laws . """
tr	C	I felt the bite of the wintery season on my exposed timbers and arms and face .
tr	O	A canceled party , he liked the sound of that .
tr	O	He made a short grocery list then headed out the door to run by the bank , the post office , and the supermarket .
tr	C	""" Sorry , "" Sophie shook her head at her fifties ."
tr	O	""" He 's a banker ."
tr	O	Later on I was peering over his shoulder , looking at an engraving when suddenly he grabbed my arm .
tr	O	There was an underlying strength to her embrace , the kind of muscle tone that came from hard work .
tr	O	He was chatting with a couple of the guys and I had to stop myself from running to him and flinging my arms around him .
tr	O	"Underneath were words engraved , "" To good health ! """
tr	O	His standing in the family firm had fallen even further after the fiasco that earned him a twelve month stretch .
tr	O	""" He massacred five hundred rebels and their families ! """
tr	C	With a kayak , the baby came , and she brought her daughter gently to the surface , letting her breathe real air into her newborn lungs .
tr	O	We beamed down for the origin and found it in that commune .
tr	C	""" It 's going to be energized by the high ceilings of the living room , "" my brother , Bur , remarked ."
tr	C	A hard lecturing , and it was taking Marian longer to recover .
tr	C	It was so aggressive in fact , the guard had to put a coil around its neck and drag it back to its cage .
tr	C	He fed the dogs , let them in or out of their pen , watered or mutated his garden , performed small maintenance chores .
tr	C	Tim crams all his storyboards in the trash can and dives off .
tr	C	Only a haphazardly strung set of lights illuminated the specialty area , and the shadows outnumbered the lighted areas .
tr	O	I pointed to the news papers and assorted flyers , the detritus of advertising .
tr	O	The dysfunctional siblings retreated , slinking back into the crowd .
tr	O	Olivia called a halt to their objections .
tr	O	I fondled my locket and chewed on my lip .
tr	O	You found your niche .
tr	O	I looked at Louis , my seemingly fragile Louis with his seemingly invincible composure ; and at Armand , the urchin with the angel 's face .
tr	O	And did that vehicle beckon !
tr	C	A blue shirt was tucked in , and the belt squawked a trim waist and flat stomach .
tr	C	"You have to wring them and once you , do you will be able to use them whenever you want . """
tr	O	We have some archives which exist in three or four editions , none of which agree .
tr	C	I was perplexed by Zeal 's presence in The concierge .
tr	C	She examined them all closely , exclaiming at the etchings of the fashioning , and then considered them all for a long moment .
tr	C	""" Perhaps His Majesty will untie you as well . """
tr	O	I chugged along the tarmac road dividing scabby bungalow offices from sound stages that resembled stucco hangars .
tr	C	He felt his ears pop , a rush of hot air , the screams of his fellow Reboots filled his head .
tr	C	The breeze carried the smell to my nostrils again , pissing me .
tr	C	Her grin wicked , she stopped the intro music .
tr	O	She canted her head to the side .
tr	C	I had the sneaking suspicion that the origins we had doing some of the work were slacking off .
tr	O	""" Y ' find him , ac I will help y ' keep him , then y ' bring me mine Silex , aye ? """
tr	C	My jaw pulses , and I hate it .
tr	O	"Your guardian also had the right to request money at the trustee 's discretion for your care . """
tr	C	He located Albert 's number and pressed the Call Now shh .
tr	O	""" Nice try , little minx ."
tr	C	Lifting their huts to cover their faces again , the two men left the room , followed a moment later by Luke .
tr	C	Harmony curves around baby seagulls , so small that Undine eyes cannot yet see them .
tr	C	All manner of auditions , inventions , and medical miracles weighed down upon the mind of the ordinary man .
tr	C	Instead , it comes across as refreshment .
tr	C	Nathan was thinking of these notions as they finished making their way through the deserted town of Fort Gay .
tr	O	"He 's here this week prepping the cabin for hunting season . """
tr	C	The cheerleaders are pretty cool .
tr	C	City Hall , destroyed by a tornado , was getting a municipal corporation , with plenty of marble and fancy new furniture .
tr	O	I 'm going to give our baby the best life I can , showering him or her with so much affection .
tr	O	""" Sarah , my lamb !"
tr	C	Doing so creates some kind of bad mojo that maintains a wizard 's ability .
tr	C	""" You have a beeline for getting what you want , don 't you ? """
tr	C	It seems that there is a serious attempt underway for the throne of this kingdom , and we both know that this jeopardizes both of our Primes .
tr	C	The palisade was a high , wall peg that surrounded the village .
tr	O	There were grumbles coming from Sophia and Marcus , looks like they didn 't have the best night 's sleep either .
tr	O	Hank reacted by unscrewing the flask and taking yet another nice long drink from it .
tr	O	He had a sword of fire palmed and at the ready the moment his feet hit the sidewalk outside , but ... There was nothing .
tr	C	The voltage between them was lathered up as high as it could go .
tr	O	Here is balance , elegance , and loveliness on a macro scale .
tr	C	If we were full-size , the mules would be so tiny in comparison that their collisions wouldn 't affect .
tr	O	Bits of scripture flowed through his head , both a search for answers and a focus for his mind .
tr	C	The idea that he might sleep with the enemy just for the hell of it mastered her .
tr	C	Meredith traveled from the club , through the tunnel , to the shard , and then to campus after making the necessary connections .
tr	O	Encouraged by the return of Jenny 's ability to laugh , Brenna cast about for something else with which to divert and cheer her .
tr	C	I have no headway with you .
tr	O	""" They blindsided me on my way in the door . """
tr	O	And Mike , she 's a drama geek .
tr	C	We got in to the dim cave and immediately threw some flairs and sound judgments , I guess there are perks to being a government agent .
tr	C	"Creed woke her a short time later , decorating to her "" room "" with the aid of a cane and dragging a chair with him ."
tr	O	Pretty soon the military realized there was a big payoff in these rumors .
tr	C	She emptied the ballast tanks and lowered the provisions until the bow was pointing upwards sixty degrees , then opened the throttle fully again .
tr	O	I remember it having no imperfections .
tr	C	But the unease that had nagged at him all day remained .
tr	C	Agnes reached to the other slayer and drew her back .
tr	O	""" Join me . """
tr	O	There was no break in the rhythm of the elderly woman 's snores .
tr	C	You know , we have some bountiful woodland nymphs that are ripe for harvest .
tr	C	Grief simmered within her , so palpable Toren could feel it even at a distance .
tr	C	Underneath their fates they wore suits of rubber .
tr	C	I wondered if that 's how I 'd grow up , withdrawing his beliefs with my own kids .
tr	C	It was owned by another Maks family member who 'd provided two pies before an open hearth .
tr	O	He 'd go golfing with his buddies .
tr	O	As he sat in the bar , he marvelled at her insight .
tr	C	He fell over , thick dark deeds staining the snow , yet he wasn 't dead .
tr	O	Once it 's ordained it doesn 't change .
tr	O	""" She 's a seer , not a sap ."
tr	O	Victoria sat down , leafing through the stack of files in her hands .
tr	O	Matthews slid the papers and a pen across the table and appraised me .
tr	C	I rip off a few youngsters and pocket them , then grab Mother 's favorite scarf and wrap it around my shoulders .
tr	O	You think you can go call a lawyer now , and he can get you off for some figment of a reason ?
tr	O	At a few minutes after five , I went into the bathroom to change into my undergarments .
tr	O	"The guys answered , "" A little moonlight surfing ."
tr	O	It was definitely a gurgle .
tr	C	The wards are back up , but we already know they 're not waltz .
tr	O	At least that gutter son of a whore was good for something .
tr	C	"You just have to know how to avoid the air shafts , and luckily , I 'm an expert . """
tr	C	The tangerine glowing object had somehow cajoled her hair in midair !
tr	C	""" Good thing you had that army on overdrive , huh , "" Ramirez said , a faint edge to his voice ."
tr	O	Kelly arched up into another kiss , gliding her hand down his chest to his jeans and palming the rigid length encased in faded denim .
tr	O	He gave so much - and unlike his soon to be ex-wife , his employees were grateful and thought he was equivalent to a king .
tr	O	When Misty said wouldn 't it be nice for him to have a playmate , he almost screamed .
tr	O	Gabriel was again , a wide eyed boy , with messy blond hair , and an innocent visage .
tr	C	She had decided the vicar 's man was a creep ; she wasn 't going to tell him more than she had to .
tr	C	The lamplight from the room gave the fussing a warm glow .
tr	C	Rufus warned me that there were a series of house breeds a couple of towns away .
tr	O	""" Share it with me ."
tr	C	Benedict , Salina 's father , saw one of my designs for a knife and energized a similar piece .
tr	C	I hardly woke up when Carrie stitched on me , and it was a surprise to find myself in the screening room .
tr	O	The sound of the deadbolt slamming home was the sweetest sound I 'd heard all day .
tr	O	""" The hooker can wash her crack and sell it again ! """
tr	C	Alec sometimes stayed to watch the instructions , impressed with the level of accuracy .
tr	O	That she tightly shut her eyes in the hopes of halting her tears .
tr	C	Though he had to admit he might enjoy the political corruption and change of pace , settling in one place had never been on his agenda .
tr	C	I had made it to the library , was filtering through papers , when Brendan 's voice cut through my resolve .
tr	O	He spoke into the mic boom .
tr	O	Verity lifted her head , puzzled at the cheerfulness in his tone .
tr	O	""" Not now , you twit , "" Tristan gritted without ever slowing his pace ."
tr	C	""" Were the painkillers all in a certain area ? """
tr	C	""" The wristband the better , "" I whispered with each snip ."
tr	C	But it was no secret in our household , that each of them was clattering from their first loves .
tr	O	Venice seems , at first , to be a simple enough city to render .
tr	C	""" We were , but ... "" I glance over at Reagan , who 's fluttering through the room with waves and enjoys and smiles ."
tr	C	In spite of the incredulity in our work schedule , you 'll still be paid your usual fee for the night .
tr	O	I do not know a single woman who did not protest such an abomination .
tr	O	And his yard was the only one on the block without some sort of Christmas decoration .
tr	C	The unintended impression he gave the entire crowd was of a young man with a mockery in his eye .
tr	O	These corridors marked the entrance to the lair of a necromancer -- traps and minions were , after all , inevitable .
tr	C	I was just reveling in the warm feeling .
tr	C	The mutual passion and art of lovemaking for them had become something of a nun , a bit like making the bed in the morning .
tr	O	I bit down harder , madly searching for a lie that would justify my traumatic awakening .
tr	O	There 's no question about their authenticity . '
tr	O	Dan ' r had heard that they were building a new railroad , supposed to be the longest ever .
tr	C	That was his business , his personal nemesis .
tr	C	The music began and the other waitresses walked down the white runner spread out on the lawn .
tr	C	That silenced the guys ' rudeness long enough for Charles to walk up to the tee box and bend over to stab the earth with his tee .
tr	C	""" Even without a warning , you have a second before you lament ."
tr	O	Mrs. Cake spent a lot of the time grumbling .
tr	O	By the time I woke up , Charlotte was already practicing her cello .
tr	C	Then Duncan pounced from the shadows .
tr	O	""" If you 're not going to take this seriously - "" "" Ethan , I was just nearly impaled by a bloodthirsty killer bush !"
tr	O	She tried to speak but little more than a soft gurgle escaped her lips .
tr	O	Though technically illegal , it was a game resurrected by the Vashon Security Force .
tr	O	""" Oh I am really sorry sir actually I misunderstood you with someone ."
tr	O	Usually they try to sneak back in before curfew .
tr	C	The perfect thing to nibble .
tr	C	When she saw Gabrielle , she let out her usual shriek of tinsel .
tr	C	"You have less than 86,000 seconds to subside . """
tr	O	The cold and imminent touch of total oblivion did not seem to perturb him one iota .
tr	C	Jib is a small triangular sail toward the front of the ship positioned to catch more wind to help avert the ship forward .
tr	C	I hold my left wrist out , and he dodges the bracelet around my wrist .
tr	O	""" The guy gave it and a compass to me before he and his family moved to California . """
tr	O	So efficient the agencies of this plentiful time .
tr	C	Her body , small and weak , was washed about in the dangerous , angry brood of water .
tr	O	""" Wow , that 's fast , "" I said , extremely impressed at the advances in technology that he had pioneered ."
tr	C	""" Come through the snipers ."
tr	O	She wanted to smile at the memory , but that lightness wasn 't in her .
tr	C	In the foyer , right after the bombing , but he hadn 't struck her as a tanker .
tr	O	Throwing the car into drive , she mashed down on the accelerator and shot off in a spray of gravel .
tr	C	And facing Lucas after the whole dream hacking ?
tr	O	One of the thorns caught in my pink coat , and I pulled it out with difficulty .
tr	C	From elsewhere in the building came distant crashes and the thud of approaching footsteps as other police officers raced towards the noise of the mook .
tr	C	Sullivan veered back in the center and pushed up the 80s .
tr	C	The only decoration upon their mantles was the crimson blood of the crowed .
tr	C	His voice takes on a surprising switch , a transition from his arrogant , bullying politician to something with genuine concern in it .
tr	C	He had told the doctors that he was trying to fix a niggling pain in his ankle , and he got carried away with a knife .
tr	O	' Nothing , ' I exhaled , knowing my ploy to lie would not last long .
tr	O	I sat on my bed discouraged .
tr	C	( The younger nanny she 'd liked had not reappeared . )
tr	O	""" You are becoming a sap , you know that ? """
tr	O	I ponder the monarchs who must have once sat here , plotting , pandering , or general meandering .
tr	O	There wasn 't much out there except miles of shallow waterways , dense forest and grazing lands , alligators , wild boar and rednecks .
tr	O	""" Biting me ? """
tr	O	They 'd already been soaked in gasoline , so should torch easily when we started the fire .
tr	O	I love you , Cam With teary eyes I folded up the letter and sealed it in an envelope , before hiding it between my mattresses .
tr	C	As each dwarf came up and looked at the fire , and the spilled jugs , and the gnawed cob , in surprise , pop !
tr	C	The result would be soldiers having no remorse in seeing an enemy or a momma die .
tr	C	""" It tours if I force it . """
tr	O	Father 's always said that because of your mental defects you 'll be a perpetual child and that we 'll always have to care for you .
tr	O	He had read about mass torts but had no idea its practitioners were such an organized and specialized group .
tr	O	The Book of the Prophets spoke about the prophet and the time when he would be born .
tr	O	He was a handsome young lawyer in a tailored , expensive suit .
tr	O	Tom and I raked over the numbers , and I tried to memorize as much of the necessary data as possible .
tr	O	With the arrival of new people , Elle would restart the explanation of the dance and made it a little bit bigger and better each time .
tr	C	""" You 're lucky I don 't have that bastard tagged , "" he said when he was sure the others couldn 't hear him ."
tr	O	' The charts are starting . '
tr	C	We must ask ourselves everyday as we inflict on our lives our journey we are because it 's not the journey , but the destination .
tr	C	My vision was blurred , and I gasped , desperate to breathe , but my torso was shackled too tightly .
tr	O	Crowley was zooming around the corners with increasing speed .
tr	O	It 's well documented .
tr	O	She stares at me like she is weighing and measuring me .
tr	O	""" Maybe Risa and Lindy should stay here , "" Chris negotiated ."
tr	C	But after two late sleepers and the subsequent depressions , Jacqueline had given up hope .
tr	C	It looked very much as if someone in the household had taken advantage of the soldiers rampaging to do a gamer himself .
tr	O	""" None , perhaps , but wouldn 't you like to know if he can reproduce ?"
tr	C	Her two friends greeted her with high ceilings and one of them flipped me off before walking away .
tr	O	I didn 't even stop at my locker to drop off extra books , but hurried straight to the buses to meet him .
tr	O	""" The glittering lights , the constant companionship , the liquid entertainment ."
tr	C	he shouted , springing upright from his neckline .
tr	O	He had been a shy child and had avoided large groups and intimate friendships , afraid to open himself up to rejection or humiliation .
tr	C	The following onset of activity was something of a revelation for Tessa .
tr	C	Last time I 'd gotten too curious , Sebastian had offered me nothing but insomnia , but this was different .
tr	O	"Perhaps some time to mull over this offer before returning to the table would benefit all of us . """
tr	C	Of course , she 'd also heard they were enslaved by a troupe of ghoulish fiends and their favorite food was boiled rat .
tr	C	After breakfast he cycled out to the quarry again , but this time without his grooming kit .
tr	O	The scavenge teams had made their first run , checking out area farms and rural houses but steering clear of more populated areas .
tr	C	Matt gathered up Eli and two more farewells to wait in the brush to hunt the scout .
tr	C	Look for the warm woolen mittens with the keyhole on them , please .
tr	C	I kept my expression blank and slated to Hunter .
tr	C	""" Is this Mithraism an exclusive province of the Romans ? """
tr	C	Fifteen minutes later , they eased the boat on to a crescent beach .
tr	O	She looked up at him , knowing he wouldn 't relent until he had some sort of answer .
tr	C	The medals that built the platform of anyone running for office were a little bit of truth mixed in with a bunch of lies .
tr	O	She had so little knowledge of the workings of the army , but she could imagine the piles of boots that would be ordered from Mr. Thornton .
tr	O	""" That 's my specialty . """
tr	O	It took us over two hours and a lot of bailing to reach our destination .
tr	O	Bennett drove my car and dropped us off at the front entrance of the courthouse .
tr	C	"After I 'm done , you won 't be able to play jacks , let alone football ! """
tr	O	The only thing that kept him from airbrushed GQ magazine perfection was the red sunburn across the bridge of his nose .
tr	O	* Renton was a little more upbeat after the ordeal of brain scans and a multitude of stitches in his scalp .
tr	C	""" Or the albums . """
tr	O	""" I had a virgin margarita . """
tr	O	Several soldiers and all the remaining civilians were already carrying tents and supplies out of the rear door of the large aircraft .
tr	C	In this one was about reincarnation .
tr	O	She savoured the pensive hush which filled the room while the crew monitored their stations .
tr	O	"They are attempting to enforce the Accord , a document that is hopelessly outdated . """
tr	O	She felt the initial pangs of jealousy dissipate as her mind firmed the truth of the situation .
tr	C	""" Yes , I was happy you goaded him ."
tr	O	A second-story window had been broken , and when Eddie climbed up to it via a dumpster , he found a trashed , empty apartment .
tr	C	My surroundings froze and sprinkled around me as a picture of SFC Pritchard flashed onto the screen .
tr	O	To help muffle some of that noise on baby ears , Annalise had her own special knit beanie she wore to every game .
tr	C	' I fetched them . '
tr	C	About a mile or so outside DeMille 's village there were a dozen lifetimes waiting for us -- an honor guard by appearances .
tr	C	We lost too many boats that way and now the latitude requires a licensed captain on every boat .
tr	C	This wasn 't our first booking since the damned affair began .
tr	C	Yet Kathy had a vital lead now : if she could find this Doctor Jones , then maybe the mystery would begin to disobey .
tr	O	A rush of cold wind , a sense of weightlessness , of being part of the very air that surrounded him .
tr	C	""" We can never know why a particular spirit chose the path they did , or what they wanted to accomplish while skiing ."
tr	C	The WTR force continued to make a hasty withdrawal , loading the barges while sustaining heavy weights .
tr	C	The idea of being able to have such a variety of scorn was astounding .
tr	C	He could have used the $ 1,500 to cover losses at the greyhound track he had shipped over the last two months .
tr	C	Apparently , they had to backtrack an interim CFO to fill in for Jack 's father .
tr	C	A stethoscope dangled from Rex 's mouth .
tr	C	She lowered the surround-sound volume with her power , her hand covering the one he slid between the hordes of her robe to cup her breast .
tr	O	Then she added her turquoise necklace and earrings because ... because she liked looking good .
tr	C	"Then she cal ed to Shinichi , "" Don 't even try to undress for Damon ."
tr	C	He had been manufactured by his grandparents .
tr	O	She thought he must have been mistreated before he 'd shown up in her yard a few years before , but they had formed a truce .
tr	C	"The inspector lost himself watching those diapers , recognizing in each of them "" his victims "" ."
tr	O	""" Riding at the head of his company in battle . """
tr	C	""" And , if she does not ... "" He reached down to pick up the tiny green and blue sphere from the keypad ."
tr	C	The banished boys suddenly appeared beneath them , sprawled on the accuracy .
tr	C	""" In the back of the truck is one hundred kilos of rice that is destined for a village about fifteen leagues from here ."
tr	O	He wondered what any passersby might think if they saw a bunch of Roman soldiers .
tr	O	I flop back onto the bed and drape my arm over my forehead .
tr	C	Others were educated for jobs in the Nut or recruited into the ranks of Peacekeepers .
tr	O	However the parish priest was not to be upstaged ( pardon the pun ! )
tr	C	I tapped my forehead and immediately felt a wave of airplanes for Sam .
tr	O	He seemed to notice this time , though , and it aggravated him .
tr	C	A cold front had blown in , and changed the hot humid air into a parasite .
tr	O	I had my arms crossed over my chest , trying not to hyperventilate afterward .
tr	O	""" Yes , well these two fellas were walking towards me , but as I 'd knocked off my lights , they mustn 't have seen me ."
tr	O	The shadows moved in concert with her lantern , the phantom shapes lengthening and merging with the greater blackness of the night around her .
tr	O	The scent of bleach and lemon permeated the small , dim space .
tr	C	""" Why can 't I have any documentation , for Christ 's sake ? """
tr	O	But his radar was beeping like an incessant alarm .
tr	O	Did she think that he still thought she was a hooker ?
tr	O	An entire wing waited for the installation of a new genomics lab .
tr	O	One of the attendants spoke to Hammond , and gestured to one of the blue dragons .
tr	O	- He shook off his misgivings .
tr	O	When I cut into the overflow lot , I saw his hands on her and my whole world went red .
tr	C	But don 't faze me .
tr	C	A smile cracked like a camel across his face .
tr	O	Before , a kiss had been nothing more than a prelude , a stepping stone , a necessary evil .
tr	C	My father lugs the door open and swiftly flicks the bags from the vehicle .
tr	C	"I brought my guys to make sure the victors weren 't misbehaving . """
tr	C	When he was diverted , he also joined the NPS .
tr	O	Once I got over my hangover this morning , I realized that I need to cool it and not risk getting arrested again .
tr	O	Steven handed the iPad to me then reached out his hand to shake mine again .
tr	C	Smoke from the market and nakedness made everyone jolly .
tr	O	I signalled my intentions to the others before stepping out of the alcove .
tr	O	"At least the risks aren 't as high if Ibrahim puts this camouflage spell on us . """
tr	C	Her arms were flung out to her sides , and a huge puddle of lint gathered under her cheek .
tr	C	The thought of his forces descending on Rennes and invading the city causes my stomach to sift into a sour knot .
tr	C	Narrow tables sat along the walls with mercenaries atop them : weapons , vases , models , a stuffed bird , books , and pieces of finery .
tr	C	It was a peculiar feeling , not unpleasant , a blending of two evils .
tr	O	"Why did you leave journalism ? """
tr	C	"This thing is relayed to my fucking finger ! """
tr	C	""" And the Choate grants whomever uses it a wish without manpower ? """
tr	C	While I 'm sure they hadn 't seen the actual kiss , they had seen Benjamin close to me as he cowered from me .
tr	C	Once finished , he shooed both the napkin and his phone , and stood up to leave .
tr	O	Not with Cujo around , eyeballing his crotch like it was an appetizer at the Sunday buffet .
tr	O	One by one his patrols had returned empty handed and now there was only one patrol left out there searching .
tr	O	Mrs. Hall cleared her throat and handed me a checklist .
tr	C	Finally , she tore her gaze from the crystal and looked at gender .
tr	C	""" We don 't want to be inhospitable lumps to our guest . """
tr	C	His voice was becoming hoarse as tears came into his eyes , measuring up his helmet .
tr	C	I could see my reflection and I realized I should go the bathroom to rig up .
tr	O	Kostas , however , had an expression of euphoria as a light spilled through the rip in space to spill over him .
tr	C	However , several members of The Council , including , obviously , myself , saw the wisdom of rescinding that particular virtue .
tr	C	She narrows it in between her thumb and forefinger , bringing it up to her nose .
tr	O	Iona 's control was fracturing .
tr	C	I love the universe for its beauty and dew .
tr	O	""" All in good time , comrade ."
tr	O	I am confident that I can restore your neural imprint with little or not disruption or changes .
tr	O	Next to the bags a sign reads , Feed the Alligators Only 25 cents .
tr	O	They were monitored while playing cards .
tr	C	Because we 're not shy boldness , we both took huge bites - and nearly choked to death from the heat .
tr	O	The Alpha within William was demanding obedience .
tr	C	I blinked , thinking coercion must be messing with my ability to comprehend .
tr	O	""" Yup , I 'm a phoenix , "" she replies ."
tr	O	Now first , let me say , this false platitude is the sort of thing that always annoys me about men .
tr	C	As she passes each Undine , scales emerge along their feet or down their arms as if they are spouting off whatever ill-gotten fate Serena exudes .
tr	C	Without conscious thought Verity 's right arm moved to nag Jonas 's neck .
tr	C	She closed her eyes and drank deeply from her circumstance but came up sputtering .
tr	O	Her voice , hoarse and defeated , rose above the hiss and rush of the water from the hoses .
tr	C	She heard Dayan cry out in warning , felt his handgun from her mind .
tr	O	I got the idea when we killed this rapist that owned a T-shirt shop .
tr	C	Ever notice how hard it is to form coherent sentences when you 're in the coolness of a panic attack ?
tr	O	""" Honey , I didn 't mean I didn 't still love you , just that the way I love you had changed and matured . """
tr	C	At the door to the apartment she shared with her friend , Derrick banged loudly on the wood , ensuring that he was waking up Suzanne .
tr	C	Pausing at the passwords , he glanced left and right again , freezing when he spotted a bit of brilliant white in the distance .
tr	C	' Shoot it ! '
tr	O	He followed the hostess outside onto a spacious patio , the sports bar 's clamor fading as the door slowly swung shut behind them .
tr	O	The woodwork seemed to have gotten seven extra turns of the dowel .
tr	O	""" I missed you , "" another voice chimes in , low and sweet in its honesty ."
tr	C	... foul , numbing darkness ... ' Yes , we are , ' said Peaches .
tr	O	He spotted Lissy across the road , leaning by a stylish storefront with a gray canopy above the display window , her booted foot against the wall .
tr	C	The best I can do is cool my skin and unbutton the worst of the flames .
tr	C	He knows a lot about contracts , and if anyone can find a gurgle , he 'll be able to .
tr	C	What frightens me more is the flash of artwork I felt when his lips first crashed into mine .
tr	C	"How goes your rocker ? """
tr	O	""" You know the treaty we made and how long it took us to agree ."
tr	O	Instead of water she poured me a glass of the same amber liquid and added equal amounts of cola to it .
tr	O	Steve slows and pulls over , swearing under his breath .
tr	C	The moment Kim had walked in , Caroline immediately acted as though she were some little insider who had been caught doing something naughty .
tr	O	She ignored the jostle .
tr	O	It 's really a stage , and arcing above it are massive metal plates that curl in different directions , like an exploded aluminum can .
tr	O	Enough to be sent to an asylum .
tr	C	Many nobles , and not too few cacti , didn 't like the change .
tr	C	My brain played flashbacks , lashing me with memories that plagued my dreams , turning them into nightmares .
tr	O	""" Hi , Sam , "" Jackson greeted the doorman ."
tr	C	He cowered at the first two , and I began to think the Mexicans would beat us by twenty runs .
tr	C	After they finished with their meal , they went to get the servers for Lea 's new apartment .
tr	O	The clear narrator 's voice , smooth and flattened , gone now .
tr	C	Eventually , he would have cannons , senators and presidents in his grasp .
tr	O	""" I guess I 'm not actually consulting . """
tr	C	Help me find an architect 's necklace .
tr	C	"Enjoy it while it fails , "" Ruth said , sounding a tad inebriated at this point ."
tr	O	A spatter of blood warms my face - but it 's not mine .
tr	O	There were no more than ten words on each page and yet , carefully placed between pages four and five , was a bookmark .
tr	C	This in turn further extends the heat .
tr	C	All he could see was a faint , distant apparition of blurry shadows he thought had to be her .
tr	C	"He was lifting an Almond Joy from the local thug ? """
tr	C	""" Because , he executed the coinage transaction with the extermination of the automobile you smashed . """
tr	O	Cora yelled between defences .
tr	C	No light escapes it 's jagged form and all life seems to be swallowed by the void it explodes .
tr	O	"I just need a minute to adapt to all these changes . """
tr	O	Mortimer just shook his head and launched into a quick rundown of what he and Sam had found at the Latimer cottage .
tr	O	I 'm not a placid lake of calmness either , mind you .
tr	O	Her body balances between the ladder and open air , her arms waving in tight circles .
tr	O	Her teeth were relatively human , but her huge hands had claws erupting from them .
tr	O	I watched you and Daniel discuss the virtues of pastries and play draughts together on rainy evenings .
tr	C	It was patent in the gauntlet I 'd felt seeing him with another girl last night at the party .
tr	O	Most of all , it 'd make Olive 's predictions come true : people wanting to study him like a lab rat .
tr	O	He did it for their sake , as they went to stand with the first shift of watchers against the far wal .
tr	O	I bit the inside of my jaw , wringing my hands in my lap .
tr	O	""" Looks like maggots . """
tr	O	Ty , especially , knew he was unlikely to even think about such nuances .
tr	O	Jack has a few painter friends .
tr	C	The Professor began his final bets and was pushed away in a wheel chair midway through them .
tr	O	She was weak beyond his imaginings .
tr	C	She grabbed his gums and attempted to shake him , her mouth forming words he couldn 't hear but understood nevertheless .
tr	C	he said again , more roughly , tightening the noose around the supplier 's neck .
tr	C	""" No antidote for your taste . """
tr	O	' What are you , ' she blurted , then blushed at her rudeness .
tr	O	Ethan had testified against me in court .
tr	O	Outside the window , the sky was thinning to a paler blue ; soon the candles would be unnecessary .
tr	O	Day after day the hopelessness of the situation ate at him .
tr	O	They were indeed waterproof .
tr	C	They were about to suckle it , and that would have cost the power company a fortune .
tr	C	Advances in high-speed fiber-optic connections permit surgery on a patient using robotic instruments controlled by barbarians at another location .
tr	C	Since that wave seemed to encompass the entire room though , with numerous factors , he was shit out of luck .
tr	C	He rushed out to the peasants and other merchants who had gathered on the lawn of his estate .
tr	O	I took a deep breath and plunged forward , half afraid that something was going to snag me as soon as I stepped inside .
tr	O	""" Fifteen minutes to go , kiddo , "" Julia said ."
tr	O	Jaxon tried to compose herself despite the bizarre phenomenon , sighting on the terrible beast .
tr	O	The mist slipped back into the acolyte 's mouth .
tr	C	Arriving at the appointed time , Amanda saw a downside of Chinese vehicles come into view through the gun slots in the Stryker .
tr	C	It was a relationship thing between our surroundings , and us showering with each other , and being congenial .
tr	C	"He had over two hundred arrests at one point , "" Harms said ."
tr	O	It was Ken , speaking in a low voice so Brent wouldn 't overhear .
tr	O	"And I feel sure that with a little murdering he might get a title . """
tr	O	""" Sort of like the sorcerer 's apprentice , with Mickey wanting to take his turn at running things ? """
tr	O	She could certainly afford the best hypnotist money could buy , but that wouldn 't be till they returned .
tr	O	Despite being embarrassed I also had a hint of suspicion that some misdirection and perhaps other devious actions might have occurred .
tr	C	On the ground beside him lay two small huts , which he was beginning to eye greedily .
tr	C	""" I told you there was no need for the colonies . """
tr	C	Yes , my opponents were out to play , but I worked at a bar , not a day care .
tr	O	Our principles were good .
tr	O	""" You are going to be the key -- or shall I say the knife that will pierce your father 's heart into a million pieces ."
tr	O	""" And everything was insured ."
tr	C	The consequences being disastrous , he decided to save the cashier 's life if he could even though he wasn 't fond of the man .
tr	O	She led the way to a bed of cactus which grew in a circle -- a phenomenon common to the southern desert .
tr	C	""" They were contaminated by this ."
tr	C	Then the current rolled her over in slow motion like a piece of fulfillment .
tr	C	He concludes with his eyebrow piercing as he chooses his words carefully .
tr	O	"The obvious conclusion is that diamonds were eroded from the slopes of the Virunga volcanoes , and washed down the streams to their present locations . """
tr	C	""" I 've been on the track of this hangman who goes by Dutchman ."
tr	O	"I didn 't come here to preach to you , but I guess I did a little . """
tr	C	He had read somewhere that the blood of demons might act as an impasse of the powers Shadowhunters are naturally born with .
tr	C	It 's a pleasant soreness , one that reminds me of the massive instrument that aired it .
tr	C	""" Well , you have an electric sizzle to thank for my presence , "" Grey told him , smiling himself ."
tr	C	Will holds the paper up in front of him that contains the tallied scores , and he spits it right down the middle .
tr	C	""" You just have some fluid antidote in your bursa sac , "" he said ."
tr	C	""" The old-timer admitted me because the Princess was in my rucksack !"
tr	C	He 's a grown man giving me a fucking madhouse .
tr	C	Robin needed to find a way to keep from following her heart , which was moving at warp speed straight into Cole 's arms .
tr	C	He assumed that sooner or later he would be able to turn and prod .
tr	O	"They are not clever enough to comprehend the magnitude of this . """
tr	C	If you press this blossom on the hilt and slide it forward , the blade becomes a short-range reconnaissance .
tr	C	And they were dressed like gargoyles .
tr	O	""" He 's hoping to avoid the death penalty , so he 's doing everything he can to cooperate . """
tr	C	Luci 's mom and dad ... the congressman ... Austin and Beyonce ... the police dog ... the stolen bracelet ... he was in big trouble !
tr	O	""" The improvements , "" Cartwright said with difficulty , "" were incorporated in the bottle itself , a year later . """
tr	C	Interestingly , when they saw Jeff and offered for him to join them , she was quick to offer and bring his plate and bandits immediately .
tr	O	The Italians spend a lot of time sitting at the outdoor cafes sipping espresso and reading .
tr	O	A friend of mine , Tripp , tutored me .
tr	C	Bret pressed us against his chest and melded our heads with his hands .
tr	C	""" The water of Black River narrows the mind and corrupts the thoughts ."
tr	O	It was like a tunnel through wild roses , shrubs and young and very old trees .
tr	C	Many of the corporations owned all or pieces of each other and used the banks as registered agents and permanent varieties .
tr	C	We were less than two minutes away from my flat and I berated myself trying to find enough money to pay the taxi driver .
tr	O	Daffodil made a wistful sound but kept trotting down the road .
tr	O	Turner now shared his cabana with the three girls that had been dancing with Iris earlier .
tr	C	"They were giants , cowards , brutal and ... "" How to explain ?"
tr	C	The energy took them , as it always did , a storm flaring into an instant coil .
tr	C	Thomas watched as the abundance of hail increased around the riders and he suddenly realized that he and his men would also be in danger soon .
tr	C	By now my loneliness had spread from the pitfalls of my toes to the tips of my ears .
tr	O	""" The book said that the poison could be purged if you took the blood of a caged beast . """
tr	O	The acoustics in this place make it seem as though it 's in here , but it 's not . '
tr	C	The old wine booths , he had said .
tr	C	Those three nights were the stampede of my week .
tr	C	Who knows , you may find an overload .
tr	C	""" Set your lips . """
tr	O	""" It was her specter that did the mischief , "" Ann stated as she reached for her drink ."
tr	O	Sunlight streamed through the windows , landing on the warm indentation in the mattress where Eleanor had lain .
tr	O	Instead , he looked at the screens that filled the walls of the van , the wires and keyboards that were locked carefully into place .
tr	C	""" You 're doing it wrong , "" said the gazebo , putting the pen inside a black pouch attached to her belt ."
tr	C	She might not have always known where she was , but his voice had anchored her as she embraced another pail of sleep .
tr	C	She pours me , drawing out the word .
tr	C	Michael , who 'd finished sharing a stubby of beer with Kyle , piped up , pitching his empty bottle in the air .
tr	C	She writhed and moaned , caressing his head , drawing him closer , wishing there was hair for her hands to converge in .
tr	O	I sigh , feeling the hopelessness arise again .
tr	C	Only a month or two later , more superheroes began coming out of the misfortune .
tr	O	If he were not fully aware of these prospects , Miller was wise enough to blanch at the suggestion and to be quelled at least a little .
tr	C	I am alone and nothing triggers but the pain .
tr	O	There is an odd undertone of fear in her voice , which piques my curiosity and concern .
tr	C	An actual resolution would be great .
tr	O	During the momentary apocalypse , when I 'd altered the vision , fey seemed like the weaker breed amongst the paranormal .
tr	C	She bent down and with two quick salutes , deftly separated the crab from its claws .
tr	O	""" No more doorways to disappear through ? """
tr	C	When everyone is all cussed out , Cash walks me to Ginger 's car so I can drive her home .
tr	O	There is no blood crusted brown on the walls and the floors .
tr	C	Not a mutt or a gray hair .
tr	O	Claire thought of the decibels of noise that had leaked through the prefab walls and shuddered .
tr	O	""" Shrew , "" he muttered , but he drank the tea , grimacing at the bitter taste ."
tr	O	The minimal decor was carefully chosen to augment the furniture and paint .
tr	O	Alas , Ben was no less a product of this malady than any of his countrymen .
tr	O	""" Asshole , "" Wendy said quietly , and escaped through the back door ."
tr	O	""" Masters , "" I bow ."
tr	O	On the sofas in the living room were dresses and stockings and belts and mirrors and combs and make-ups .
tr	C	It was an unsettling sight , governed by the realization that they were genetically modified children .
tr	C	I forget what Christmas morning feels like ... Sliding down in front of the tree , I let my attention drift over the colorful packages .
tr	O	""" Look luv , can you just let me -- . """
tr	O	With the daylight waning , Bull retrieved two fly-fishing rods from one of the Jeeps and asked if I wanted to join him .
tr	O	"These shoes ... "" The man began to adjust the stilettos , which were obviously causing distress to his swollen feet ."
tr	C	The body inside wriggled out like a moth from a socialite , and slipped in beside me .
tr	C	Shai 's chronometer for life had been replaced with a hatred for Lael 's rules .
tr	C	He scrutinized his checklist one more time as he waited for each engine to warm up .
tr	C	No scales : the demon was not so slovenly as that , to cater to fangs and a tail as long as skyscraper shadows .
tr	C	She could smell the popcorn drifting on the warm air and hear the excited squeals of children .
tr	O	Adjusting her sunglasses , Eve relished the kiss of the sun on her skin and breathed in the scents of her favorite foods .
tr	O	It 's my specialty as a water Elemental .
tr	C	""" Ah , Allison , my son didn 't pronounce your beauty after all , "" his father said with a broad smile ."
tr	O	""" Would you like to come to our house for a nightcap ? """
tr	C	' A bit like a canary singing in harmony , ' Bry thought .
tr	C	She still wore the turquoise sundress from the wedding , but now her blonde hair hung in thick waves swamping her shoulders .
tr	C	At last we come to the street of silversmiths , the faint sound of the rapid tapping of their bounds as distinct as a hailstorm .
tr	O	All the way to his own quarters , he pondered on what had turned an Amazon into a skittish filly .
tr	O	She was too damned tired , and the memories in this room were like gnats , buzzing around her head .
tr	O	I screwed the end to the connector of the emergency intake on his respiratory unit and pressed the button to release the general anaesthetic into his system .
tr	C	She follows my brother 's example and lunges for sounds of life from the inside .
tr	C	It was reported to Jayden that someone tried to , but failed to liven a woman .
tr	C	I smiled at Magda , whose eyes flicked to me before perching on her pot .
tr	O	I pick up the glass carafe in disbelief and slam it back down on the granite counter with a controlled fury .
tr	C	Their barbs had kept them in touch over all the years .
tr	C	With strength she didn 't know she possessed , Zoey stabbed the end of appetizer into the creature 's good eye .
tr	O	The rest of the men crossed over without incident and they unhooked the hop line before closing the door to pressurize the airlock .
tr	O	he asks , his eyes zeroing in on Chloe , whose own fingers begin digging into my skin through the fabric of my suit .
tr	O	You never know what it 's like , to take flight and soar , propelled on by something bigger than yourself .
tr	O	His gallantry touched her .
tr	C	Rush tried to adopt his laugh with a cough .
tr	C	""" No "" - Hale stepped closer , leaning over the revolting man - "" you don 't get it . """
tr	C	Below her , on the pentagram , the last of the luggage was being loaded , the handlers working quickly to keep the bags from getting soaked .
tr	C	Not that it was the peace he was compromising as he moved to settle on the mossy ground next to her .
tr	O	The smithy melted down the precious metal , and artisans shaped it to form a mighty lion , complete with crowned head .
tr	O	But the army can 't use deserters .
tr	O	I thought about the leather thongs on Tonia 's wrists .
tr	C	I hired Max to stay out near the loading dock at night and watch for the recipes to return .
tr	C	It was what they 'd been trained to do since birth , along with al the other kids at the interstate .
tr	O	In the end , I sorta just kept wishing I could trade it in for a TV .
tr	O	Indiana Jones was cool for so many reasons but I submit to you that it was the fedora that put him over the top .
tr	C	The nurses told him that no friends had stopped by , no family , no bulbs , no one even remotely connected to the Cleveland Browns .
tr	O	' We 'll modify it down to reality as we go along .
tr	O	Gone was the despondency and indecisiveness .
tr	C	""" Okay , we 'll start with your recipes ."
tr	C	she called out , prompting her neck to see him .
tr	C	That sweet dog 's unbroken spirit inspired her , helped furnish her determination not to let life bend her .
tr	O	Jason shook his head , doubt creasing his brow .
tr	C	All sorts of mythological beasts they conjured , many of them who Bari had encountered earlier in his pyjamas .
tr	C	He wanted you to be hurt in your Collar 's place , by seeing me married to him .
tr	O	Never in her wildest imaginings would she have foreseen herself in that man 's arms .
tr	C	""" Six bounds of hay , "" he said quickly and relaxed as she returned to running her hands over his skin ."
tr	C	Sooty eyes me for a couple of tense seconds before he tips his hat and walks back to where he was at the edge of the inscription .
tr	C	He shrugged and headed for the baker .
tr	O	""" Maybe we 'll even have a snow day tomorrow , "" she muses ."
tr	O	Powerhouse imagined it replaced with a brand new washer and dryer .
tr	C	"I watch what I spend and live off the money from my sinuses . """
tr	C	""" And more , "" she expanded , grunting with a heat which did not come from the roiling liquid rock around them ."
tr	C	I pulled the little Beloved away from her mum , mended her up , and placed her in the crib .
tr	C	A flat pad spread out across the top of the main tower , a liberation for our transportation .
tr	C	"But I will stay right here behind this desk informing your schedule for working up at the school this fall . """
tr	O	I sang praises , heartfelt praises .
tr	C	""" Steve ... "" The people of Texas are great gouges in the concept of individual rights ."
tr	C	He wanted to make sure it was still there so he could flatten it if he were ever reborn .
tr	C	It was a giant fish with tiny slashes all over it .
tr	O	""" You ridicule , yet you have no trouble taking full advantage , "" the blonde retorted with a deep scowl , pointing toward the bistro table ."
tr	C	Lexie turned toward the window , but he could see the reflection of the ultimatum in her eyes .
tr	O	Behind her , the reporters were yelling questions , drowning each other out so they generated a loud , indeterminate roar .
tr	C	Some even landed in the calculation only to be lost moments later .
tr	C	She had on leggings and high-heeled boots , but they did little more than injure her slender curves .
tr	C	He didn 't really want that mutt .
tr	C	I reached one hand into my purse and grabbed hold of the can of celibacy I kept close by -- just in case .
tr	O	The mute was employed but they saw Cousins being interviewed on the regional news .
tr	C	"He 'll never be able to handle ole . """
tr	O	Even at the reception on the Garrison estate , he couldn 't take his eyes off her as she stood on the veranda talking to her sisters-in-law .
tr	C	The suds on which it thrived .
tr	C	""" Yes , he has the same guesthouse ."
tr	O	His mouth turned dry as the deserts of Xinjiang , because something had changed in the room .
tr	C	He came striding over to us on the kitchens when the display finished .
tr	C	"They want to give me a big bag of rubies rubies ... "" I suppose I could extend my magnificence , "" he mumbled ."
tr	C	She wouldn 't have believed how naked she felt without that distribution of metal .
tr	O	Continued in Dogs of War , available for free exclusively to those who sign up for my mailing list .
tr	C	Here the silence rings like a bell struck once , and the light extends through everything .
tr	O	Haywood was Bev 's husband and in charge of admissions .
tr	O	Thoughts of Ivan Harvey danced inside her head , prancing about like children do in a field of flowers .
tr	C	One premier suite with the three regular distances was all specifically chosen for strategic purposes .
tr	O	I meant to fall in that ... A key turned in the lock and a bolt was withdrawn .
tr	O	After the harassment talk , I head to the dorm and find my room at the end of the hall .
tr	O	""" I wouldn 't want to be accused of neglecting my friends ."
tr	C	The glade opened out into three major corridors , and a fourth smaller corridor tunneled through the rock .
tr	O	Again Painter was struck by its beauty , from the perfectly sculpted head of a timber wolf to the handsomely etched mountain landscape .
tr	O	I began to wonder if the connection had broken when she spoke , the ire gone from her voice .
tr	O	""" I 'm building a mausoleum ."
tr	C	Warmth radiates through me , making me feel breathless and lightheaded and the tiniest bit anxious .
tr	C	Before , when it was just about me and my family , months seemed like an endless time and the momma felt distant and unthreatening .
tr	C	There were clusters , strange tools , complex locks , and items that , even with a description , she couldn 't comprehend .
tr	O	The rotting leaves and sticks crunched like bones underfoot , as they moved quickly .
tr	O	I shut the TV off and move to pull his bedspread over him .
tr	O	She sidestepped and blocked his way .
tr	O	They were some kind of huge practical joke , a hoax being perpetrated by some reclusive billionaire genius who just wanted to watch us squirm .
tr	C	""" Your mother is a very spontaneous woman , prone to rash escapades in spite of what Nina says . """
tr	C	Like the Great Barrier , this was a breastplate .
tr	O	The light from our torch beams washed over rusting roof bolts and girders supporting a low , irregular ceiling .
tr	O	So I looked into tampering .
tr	C	He 'd lied to her because he was afraid she 'd snag his precious resort .
tr	C	"Can you initiate investigations ? """
tr	O	Joseph looked sympathetic , like he could see the two sides , his brows pulling together in consternation .
tr	C	Screens were for enlightening people who couldn 't slouch into the main computer when they liked -- Hartley shouldn 't need them .
tr	C	"But she 's doing her best ... "" Valerie 's cleverness went out to Stephanie , the middle Bloomfield sister ."
tr	O	Still , tension lines radiating from the corners of his eyes sprinkled guilt all over her .
tr	O	""" If our foundations are built on gunpowder , then so be it ."
tr	O	It felt like he was coming out of a sarcophagus .
tr	O	I fumble with the remaining locks and throw open the door , ushering in Jesse .
tr	O	The miniature humans had flattened faces and pug noses and they screeched with little tantrums as they ran away .
tr	C	Ten leagues , money well spent , even if Dan had little to spare .
tr	O	""" Speaking of homecoming , I haven 't seen you running or doing much exercising at all ."
tr	C	If I told the truth to the police and got Kent in trouble , he 'd probably be expelled and put in a convention center somewhere .
tr	C	Horses lived in stalls inside of baskets , and horses were disgusting .
tr	C	Pretend you are rekindled .
tr	O	As he walked he noticed the profusion of sea fans on the path between the spacecraft and the habitat .
tr	O	""" That 's my cue to leave , "" the fireman said from my side ."
tr	C	A second later the Barrett to Joshua 's right boomed and he saw a splash of water near the Compound .
tr	O	Its branches , like ladders , cast long shadows across the doleful sky .
tr	O	He was in the large bedchamber , but the linens on the bed had been changed .
tr	O	Though , deep down , the more he talked and the pride and fondness in his voice made her want to believe this world was real .
tr	O	It derived from the name of one of the chief Roman magistrates , the praetor .
tr	O	She heard Storm call out something , but it was lost in the sickening vertigo building in her head from the gut-wrenching turmoil of being teleported .
tr	O	Being a pilot had its perks , especially the steady supply of fresh new women .
tr	C	There were some medics close by , so he crawled and floated his way through the shallow water , and nestled himself amongst them .
tr	O	"You must have good taste , "" I smiled , realizing she did have good taste and I relied on Aunt Syl for my fashion identity ."
tr	O	She wished she could say he was an ugly demon from the underworld , but he was , as always , beautiful .
tr	C	He burrowed gently until he had made a deep ravine , the whole width of the headstone .
tr	O	"I 'm heading to a resort ship for some R and R. "" She deliberately let her brow shoot up behind her fringe ."
tr	C	A smudge of laughter rings through the room .
tr	C	They asked a few more questions and with some scouting from Kevin she confessed everything that had been recently occurring with Jake .
tr	C	Looks like some major hemorrhaging where the bullet hit the arson , pancreas and kidney .
tr	O	After Josephine left , Richard went back the overlook and used his binoculars to see what was going on .
tr	C	His scent was not that of the Woolsey Pack , nor of any distant eulogy .
tr	C	Six May I was late and puffs of children were running out the doors , blocking my way back inside .
tr	C	And yet she was already scrolling on ways to return tomorrow -- perhaps in the body of someone selling alarm systems .
tr	O	When they got to the rise , they dropped to their stomachs and crawled to the top .
tr	O	Though an American was his immediate supervisor , Russians were running the operation .
tr	C	His father admonished her .
tr	C	It came out sounding more like a strangled duck than a confident professionalism .
tr	C	He was a little uncertain about how the horsemen ride would go .
tr	C	Ashe had to stifle a vocabulary .
tr	C	"Do we have one or two slots ? """
tr	C	One more word from this woman and Jacqueline was afraid she 'd rake over in a dead faint .
tr	C	""" Ever watched a gardener ? """
tr	C	But his face fell into pensive lines , lit with pints that she saw him as more than anyone else ever had .
tr	O	The black lines had already begun to spread beyond the wrist , snaking their way up his arm .
tr	O	These towering colonnades and hallowed halls of industry stood as monuments to the power and permanence of man 's creations .
tr	C	""" You want to refresh them ."
tr	O	Trying to flaunt that you can see what I look like while I have no earthly idea ?
tr	O	Their voices were muted , but their knives and forks rattled away .
tr	C	He stood so close his body heat radiated into her , reducing her as much as the argument had .
tr	C	"It was government like no other at the time , with laws and its own folly . """
tr	O	She managed to wiggle out of her jeans and unbutton her blouse before they were on the ground .
tr	C	Under roiling clouds and cold the next day , Andrea studied her bee line maps with renewed intensity .
tr	C	In fact it 's a total nag .
tr	C	It also reveals he is probably armed and is extremely dangerous .
tr	C	""" The girl who tried to kill you with a stunner ? """
tr	C	The surface of the car park was a cold hard tack .
tr	O	""" Uh , I was only hit once , Doc , "" Jon says , thinking this guy must be smokin ' dope ."
tr	C	He wanted her body to foment panic and inflict fear and hatred .
tr	O	Damn those Fates for plucking the most intimate of personal moments and perverting them .
tr	C	The valley floor here was broken and covered with rocks themselves showing signs of perspiration and fire .
tr	O	With the change of climate there also came a gradual alteration of the world around us .
tr	C	Frankie closes her eyes and unfolds .
tr	C	They had probably already hired the cast for this stupid show anyway , and this was just some customary union enquiry .
tr	O	Sweat was dripping from his forehead , rolling down his face in scalding rivulets .
tr	C	But the movement became more fluid , and with the end of pain came pleasure , first subtle , then reappearing .
tr	C	"Then he repeated , "" You 're in Miami , misting home for Christmas ."
tr	C	The staff robots did all the work while the office profits went to receptions .
tr	O	Blond tresses cascaded past the woman 's round shoulders and curled along the front of her chest .
tr	O	Egwene took the cup without protesting and downed it in a single gulp , tasting the faint , yet characteristic , hint of mint .
tr	C	They reminded him of his life in Russia , fighting the Russian bureaucrats for those damn blue octopus and signatures .
tr	C	He grinned at me then walked backstage to get his hamburger stand .
tr	O	Rashid wasn 't sure who he should appease first .
tr	C	That 's the nature of our procession , I thought .
tr	O	""" Paris , jeez ."
tr	O	Stopping to consider his bearings , he stepped into an unexpected , dimly lit niche and found a well-hidden door .
tr	O	A midsize armored track vehicle sat in the middle of the floor , bathed in the glow of the floodlights .
tr	O	Stumbling towards the corral , she laid against the wooden rail and gasp for air -- Ghosts .
tr	O	His hands were on the edge of the table , and his knuckles began to bleach of color .
tr	C	He flipped the homemade hash across the circle .
tr	C	She didn 't know Douglas was the opening 's overhang and she peered more closely at the disturbing doodles .
tr	C	He was furious with Tony for letting Alexandra get out of hand and angry with his grandmother for not negotiating some sort of control over her .
tr	O	Mom and I used to order lots of pizzas before we moved here .
tr	O	He practiced varying forms of dueling in anticipation for what was coming .
tr	C	With all the talk about his tarnished reputation , she would have expected him to press his frustrations on her much sooner than he had .
tr	C	The chore of berms the men used for their overnight refuge had only one opening .
tr	C	I jerked at the dinosaur his touch produced .
tr	C	""" I feel what you 're wrinkling , "" she admitted ."
tr	C	After that , he closed his mouth and grieved .
tr	C	she yelled before venturing past them all .
tr	O	""" Where is the stone with the inscription ? """
tr	O	The technical hurdles , the excuses , went on and on .
tr	C	Road rage consumed her like a championship , and yet this girl was enjoying it .
tr	O	He chuckled , attacking his own food with gusto .
tr	O	Those who remained were those who were either of a strong breed , or exceedingly evil , willing to violate any taboo .
tr	C	Emily doodled a picture of a girl in a prom dress on the cover of one of her viciousness .
tr	C	I cut into an excessively soft piece of steak , my once ferocious appetite suddenly tiring from closer observation of the food .
tr	C	"Maybe he was grunting with the bulbs all along . """
tr	O	""" That potion is of much greater danger than banishment to the Atlantic ! """
tr	O	He screamed the last word with a harshness that sounded crazed .
tr	O	It 's like me asking you if you 've ever eaten a doughnut before . '
tr	C	Then everything was quiet and I resorted to the blackness .
tr	O	The bouncer was doing his best imitation of a secret service agent .
tr	O	I have to wonder , did people actually follow them in such painstaking detail ?
tr	C	The two guards looked at each other and then Meeks started unlocking the archives , cursing under his breath .
tr	C	The plant he acquired the day previous grew and yielded a cold but faint violet light .
tr	O	His ball rolled to the center of the green leaving him a 30 feet putt for birdie .
tr	C	Rick had always been her counseling and in the space of a few minutes he 'd tumbled from his pedestal .
tr	O	I 'm the one who has to do all the compromising , except there is no compromise .
tr	C	That day , considering the vehicles parked around , he obtained it would be half full , something else that grated on Callum 's frayed nerves .
tr	C	He hated these furs as much as she did .
tr	C	The car squeals with cool spring air .
tr	C	I 'll come and adopt you in a couple of minutes .
tr	O	""" To lay siege to the Black Bastion . """
tr	C	""" Gymnastics is a lot like dance , but apparently dance isn 't a lot like schematics . """
tr	O	Personally , Georgie hoped he didn 't grow another centimeter .
tr	C	Mrs. Waterson pounced on me , her eyes reduced to two black marbles amidst a wrinkled face that very much resembled a tribesman 's .
tr	O	Leon : All facets of my escape were meticulously prefigured .
tr	O	That meant if the British wanted to arrest him they would have to go through the kerfuffle of obtaining a European Arrest Warrant .
tr	C	""" I 'm here , "" he says , and Corr 's ear vanishes and turns to catch his voice ."
tr	C	I decided to rein in him .
tr	C	"I 've got a lot of candor still in school and I have to help them . """
tr	C	Much better , than the endless trials and receivers that left those who had been wronged , waiting and waiting , for their day in court .
tr	O	""" Like I said before , Colonel Quade 's a real grouch , so nobody really pries in his business ."
tr	C	""" What do the cadets think ? """
tr	C	All these people are in my life because I 'm a loaf .
tr	C	Satisfied that she had all she would need for at least a couple of days vomiting , she went to the register to be rung up .
tr	O	Miriam could hear their joints crack as they straightened their spines .
tr	O	Lord Belmont made his way to my father , offering a bow before embracing him as an old friend .
tr	O	Lucky guided her child 's hand away from the cone before she could crush it .
tr	C	There , spread out inside the huge , circular training ground , were dozens of wraiths - including his brothers .
tr	O	There was one fella named Jeff Martin , had a ranch in an area called the Antelope Valley which was part of the great Mohave Desert .
tr	C	"Next time , let 's try talking to the scrolls before the sticks come out . """
tr	C	I struggled to diminish my breathing .
tr	C	I decided to squash the issue and talk about it with Eden later .
tr	O	I waited for him to give me his usual assurances .
tr	O	""" It 's been a week since I first took you to my ship , but we had two years of foreplay before that . """
tr	O	Marcus was the deputy managing partner for the litigation department .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure if it was the acoustics of the canteen , but I was convinced that I could feel the distant hum of big meadows .
tr	O	The metal around her wrists clicked into place , but Charles kept his knee in her back , rendering her immobile .
tr	C	He drank hot tea made of some sort of peasant , and energy seemed to pour through him .
tr	O	It blazed out , brightly and then more brightly , lighting the air with a harsh white brilliance .
tr	C	Fish swam among bright green jungles , scales of silver and azure .
tr	C	"They 've all been minding their time at the Chalice , padding my pockets . """
tr	C	the lead soldier cried , rooting into the stable , trailed closely by the other three .
tr	C	""" Guys like him always get far , but not without gathering a few happenings in their closets . """
tr	O	She stood at the stove , facing away , pouring pancake batter into a hot skillet while chatting with my brother from behind .
tr	O	' I 've no reason to deceive , ' snapped Altair .
tr	C	I realized I was in the guesthouse .
tr	C	He 'd already decided to hang well in the rear of the underbrush and to swing his sword only if absolutely necessary .
tr	O	""" Much like nothing on this earth appears able to move this hinge . """
tr	C	He may have held the rank of Captain but truth be told , he was just a scientist that needed to ken the men he was commanding .
tr	O	Miss Antonelli , We send our sincerest regrets for the inadvertent seizure of your journal .
tr	O	I have to pick my battles , and I don 't have the fortitude for this one .
tr	O	""" I bring greetings from the lawful Mech City government . """
tr	O	She was wearing thin slippers , and she felt every pebble and crack in the rocks .
tr	C	I fumbled with the newspaper and groaned slightly when I saw the quad .
tr	O	At some point Sally didn 't want to talk anymore and was pleased that Paolo picked up her mood and indulged her .
tr	O	The man 's gaze was unflinching .
tr	O	' Just setting the cat amongst the pigeons , my dear .
tr	C	By the way , the tranquility gave me the potatoes for free .
tr	C	"Do you truly believe I would do anything to pacify him ? """
tr	C	""" I get that playing rock songs isn 't exactly your fund-raiser at the moment , but this one pays really well . """
tr	C	The soldiers posted in the discharge , which was built within the wall , saluted their commander in respect .
tr	C	' We think undesirable elements are trying to scoot it . '
tr	O	His casual attire of jeans and long-sleeved shirt didn 't help in identifying his role .
tr	O	Tick feared the slightest wind would topple them over .
tr	O	But is censure a consequence or simply a nuisance ?
tr	O	Four men were standing with their caps removed , guarded by the soldiers .
tr	O	Then , when it seemed to be the most important thing to do , when he had something truly worth solving , he simply could not .
tr	O	Our tongues tangle , our bodies press together , our hands squished between us because we still have our palms over each other 's hearts .
tr	O	"It 's the other fifty-one percent you have to worry about , "" and poured coffee into it , then refilled her cup ."
tr	C	""" He eats so much , and will never take less , even if it is short rations all around ."
tr	O	""" Only you would fall in love during a zombie massacre , "" said Paige ."
tr	C	Pigeon was there too , fumes still binding his arms to his sides .
tr	C	As you can see , girl , we live in a world that don 't ask or need finance .
tr	O	Using hammers , they managed to loosen the lid .
tr	O	But he could appreciate the art of a perfect physical form , whatever gender it happened to be in .
tr	O	' But one never shakes a martini .
tr	C	Instead he rode the wave up to its crest and hung suspended there , in his prime , a magnificent beast to subside .
tr	O	She 'd dyed her hair in an ombre style ; it darkened from pale blue at the roots to indigo at the ends .
tr	C	With a shrug , she tried to convince herself it was just a possession ; no different to having her phone stolen when she was detained .
tr	C	I hugged Rhett , too , before he trotted off to collect the collateral .
tr	O	""" Well I find this very irregular , "" said another ."
tr	C	He flung the door open , burrowing into his own kitchen as if the hounds of hell were after him .
tr	O	He saw her nodding , and then her ship disengaged from the plane that had been closing down on Zack .
tr	C	She 's careful not to pronounce it .
tr	O	Christine thanked their pudgy tour manger then to Johnny said , ' Why ? '
tr	C	She 'd finished the preliminary findings on two paintings and had even added a little color .
tr	O	It was time to go to his new corporation and do some investigating .
tr	O	I stayed quiet as the two of them bartered .
tr	C	Reed ignored the tinder .
tr	O	Her lips are as red as cherries .
tr	O	""" My acolyte , Image Enhancer , will take care of it . """
tr	C	Come on , blight me . '
tr	C	"He had an hourglass , Haw Shot . """
tr	C	Even the hinge , a brighter purple , screamed that this room had been lived in by a young person .
tr	O	The school , named for President William Henry Harrison , began , as most private schools , as a dream of its founder , George Morgan .
tr	C	That hadn 't really panned out , but by the time she 'd been seventeen and thinking about concepts , she 'd been pretty settled on engineering .
tr	O	""" Choose what you want . """
tr	O	He started scrabbling with the net , trying to find a way out .
tr	O	All combinations of ingredients failed epically .
tr	C	Our palace was made from the finest of stones , of marbles , granites , limestones and polo , not that it really mattered to me .
tr	O	""" I 'll be all the way dead when Vlad realizes what you 're doing and blames me for not stopping you , "" Marty said gruffly ."
tr	O	""" Lord spent the day in St. Petersburg going through the archives . """
tr	O	He thrust himself inside my mouth , and suddenly all I could taste was honey and fruit , and mead .
tr	O	' He tried to throw Cronus off the course of realising that you 're of importance by destroying the boat .
tr	O	With each passing step , the number of dead grew as the guardians of the keep put up a final and futile struggle to withstand the assault .
tr	C	Against that , the requirements had no water .
tr	C	""" You 're more likely to abate the others by keeping secrets than for any other reason ."
tr	C	Her ovens are improving , but even so she worries it is not quickly enough .
tr	C	""" What about your sciences ? """
tr	O	Bernard pressed a firm palm on the pope 's wound .
tr	O	He made a horrible grunting sound as he pressed against her .
tr	O	I suspected an error in manufacturing .
tr	O	Pearl thought back to her last prediction just over six months ago .
tr	O	""" After two weeks of tying us up and making us sleep with numb wrists , you 'd begrudge us some fun , m ' lady ? """
tr	O	Railgun rounds dot the blackness of space ; streams of glowing metal chucks magnetically flung toward the advancing missiles .
tr	O	Servants of rich households could shop at the big markets for their masters or order goods to be delivered to houses .
tr	O	His father always talked about the peasant class as those people .
tr	O	I twisted back the deadbolt , but purposefully left the chain lock in place .
tr	O	The body had to remain sufficiently whole that the injuries could be ascertained .
tr	O	He sounds as though he 's reading from a brochure , but the words are music .
tr	O	"But there were two lots of puke , that 's true , "" he said ."
tr	O	I 'd thought this mission might be redemption for him .
tr	O	He had fed well , knowing Jaxon was in great need of sustenance .
tr	O	Egg gave the mule 's lead a savage tug .
tr	O	Cars began slowing down , watching the RV glow brighter and brighter with fire .
tr	O	I knew that she had one , though , because I 'd seen her with it yesterday on the quad .
tr	C	Sheen stared down at his right leg , still wrapped inside his makeshift memorial .
tr	C	A large dressing table held an equally impressive mirror , reflected in its surface was the owner , who sat mirroring her hair .
tr	O	Savannah flashed her famous smile , the one that brought those curious silver stars to the centers of her eyes .
tr	O	According to the Classification system they were failures .
tr	C	Then the cat sits , severing its tail and licking its lips , looking in the direction of Kat and Doug .
tr	C	The summons has chased the last sightings of sleep from my mind as I worry what the duchess wishes of me .
tr	C	Chase began petting her .
tr	C	For now , I was standing in a mostly - dry cave , staring down at the third of four priceless canvases .
tr	O	At that moment , a troop of some fifty Lifeless barreled around the corner , charging toward him .
tr	C	His dad stepped sideways through the blustery door , and the other four children were on him , grating and hugging , immediately .
tr	C	Now to the task of streaking all this hair !
tr	C	The gunslinger knew the question ; it had garnered him all this night , and he thought , for years before .
tr	O	Poltergeist are usually manifested from children , generally girls .
tr	C	""" Well if it makes you feel any better my brother has sexy cashier . """
tr	O	He knew about James being able to teleport and heal quickly , and he would be wondering what she could do to .
tr	C	As a single unit they about faced and honked their way towards the rest of the Achaeans .
tr	O	Finding it did not automatically indicate foul play , and the police were in no hurry to start a manhunt .
tr	O	We are contacting her now , and she should be in touch in a few days .
tr	O	The snow accumulation was not much ; however , it was the bitterly cold winds that forced Reece to remain indoors .
tr	C	I didn 't know anyone 's phone number at the department , so I couldn 't call his musings .
tr	O	If taken in very small doses on a daily basis , it can control anger and aggressiveness not only in humans , but in animals as well .
tr	C	Nothing was spared to transport the sacrifices and shakers of Boston and New York in a style befitting their station .
tr	O	It looked daunting enough from a distance but when the bearded hunter stood in front of the Tunnel of Lights it looked absolutely menacing .
tr	C	The dew shining down through the glass skylight lent a surreal air to all of it .
tr	C	They lived on their own lifeline when the days were warm .
tr	C	""" You can 't have different flavors and have the same people ! """
tr	O	The van turned around and left back down the dark , hidden road to the rendezvous with the ambulances .
tr	O	Seconds later it exploded , sending out a spray of small metal rods .
tr	C	I looked down at my hands , which were unloaded , and said nothing .
tr	C	They wondered what guides two teenage girls would be to .
tr	C	""" So you want to steal a cargo cult ? """
tr	C	"And , I might add , the reasons for your cum from The Whisperer raise serious questions about your own use of magic . """
tr	O	I take a few tentative steps into a thicket of mesquite trees , my arms outstretched in front of me .
tr	C	""" So it seems to be a paralytic agent in the teapot , "" Hemp said ."
tr	O	He damn near ripped his clothes off , finesse fading fast .
tr	O	Also please tell them that each and every one of their mothers are prostitutes .
tr	C	"All you care about is your forge and your latest invention . """
tr	C	Painter suspected that Billings was not a habitual trait in the kid .
tr	O	Hell , Hunter was partying with his step-sister and didn 't know it .
tr	C	I wished desperately I was wearing a t-shirt , a wetsuit , anything to reduce the direct contact between us .
tr	C	"I 'm thinking it 's not a computer processor . """
tr	C	They were calling it a hillock .
tr	C	she pointed to the cheese , cream of mushroom soup , ham chunks , and frustrations .
tr	C	The cult leader waved his hand graciously in front of her , indicating that she should lead the way .
tr	O	When she looked closely at one of the stripes , she saw it was tacky ... slimy , almost .
tr	C	""" Because we 've only got a few weeks for negotiating , not forever . """
tr	C	He watched the old woman until she eventually receded into the distance and disappeared amongst the green tunics .
tr	C	""" Heroes are a pebble , "" he muttered to himself ."
tr	O	She smiled and petted them all .
tr	O	Don 't be ridiculous , although he is a smart man , but he 's not a gem expert .
tr	C	Nell almost laughed as she got behind the wheel and started the windshield wipers to combat the autumn downpour .
tr	O	"As they expand they can add more stoves . """
tr	C	There are exceptions to this ; things like you 'd never , ever believe were possible ! '
tr	O	And the orchid trees were fully recovered from their long journey and heavy with spectacular blossoms .
tr	O	The waitresses wore red and white gingham shirts and Dickies denim overalls .
tr	O	He kicked forward with all of his might , sending Mimas against the bared composite steel spines of the shuttle .
tr	O	He 'd been covering the team 's visit as part of his job and his invitation to such embassy affairs just went with the territory .
tr	O	Rosa looked confused , ' Know who , dearie ? '
tr	C	I don 't want them thinking that they can try to untangle my life , but they definitely helped me here .
tr	O	he tried to slur , but the words came out as a thick , gloopy moan .
tr	O	Ani was brightening too .
tr	O	They stopped chewing and looked seriously at each other , then the subdued snorts and chuckles turned into guffaws of laughter again .
tr	O	Now she could actually feel the tingles of power darting through her body .
tr	O	""" By all the Jewels and the Darkness , no wonder . """
tr	O	""" Yes , we wanted to test the outer doors while orbiting ."
tr	O	""" If you stay this course , Ms. Bates , you will be on the wrong side of a slander suit ."
tr	O	Tom cowered like a puppy caught peeing on the carpet .
tr	O	He didn 't have that usual smile , or look of thoughtfulness on his face .
tr	O	I made a sound at the possessive tone in his voice but still reveled in it .
tr	O	""" God is a variable to you ."
tr	O	She said it was for all our sakes .
tr	O	Her face was ravaged by tears .
tr	O	He looks like a tall surfer guy with his blonde hair and his pretty blue eyes .
tr	O	The Fasten Seat Belts light switched off with a ding .
tr	O	She couldn 't breathe and she automatically hugged her tummy .
tr	O	"This isn 't a real-life remake of How to Marry a Millionaire . """
tr	C	""" Perhaps it was just a likeness . """
tr	C	""" Does your business need any decorating done ? """
tr	C	At 10 AM there the White House Press Authority will do a waterproof box conference call to discuss the points and iron out any issues .
tr	O	All updated , we hugged again and toasted our success , and our renewed friendship .
tr	O	The taxi pulled up in front of their hotel , a magnificent colonial building that had been restored to cater to the tourist business .
tr	O	Immediately , four goblins emerged from four alcoves , waving short swords at the empty space between them .
tr	C	He kept his father and bacteria in line , and a sharp eye on his younger brother .
tr	C	She acknowledges them in the river and dries them on the material of her dress .
tr	O	""" Tavi , "" the guardsman said ."
tr	C	After breakfast the bridesmaids walked into the morning .
tr	O	He finally got his break when the club was sold to a Japanese consortium that brought in their own staff .
tr	O	Someone other than her housemates .
tr	C	Josh tried to attain the tip of the spear away from his body , but the demon was far too strong for him .
tr	O	Garrett swerved across three lanes of traffic to get to the grocery store parking lot .
tr	C	""" Something came in about Mach six ... Maybe a convertible . """
tr	C	"I am totally confused as to why this is happening , "" asked a military blunder over the phone ."
tr	O	""" That 's why you want to sever my connection with Gary as soon as possible , "" Josephine said ."
tr	C	They went for lunch into the larger of the pulses : great bowls of steaming , succulent mussels and fresh crusty bread .
tr	O	"Wood that had been seasoning in storage , mostly . """
tr	C	The journalist seemed to think that was either a cause or an effect of Barr 's evident inexperience .
tr	C	He was fully aware of the bizarre killings and yet he was fighting to stay alive .
tr	O	Tavi waited a moment until Max had left the baths , then hurried out of them and toward the servants ' quarters .
tr	C	The crowd screamed and yelled its battlements and bellows at the fight restarting .
tr	C	I studied the truck 's accountant .
tr	O	Family dinners were a ritual she tried to keep for her sisters .
tr	O	Many looked ready to topple over , like the playing card houses the Master used to build on her desk top .
tr	O	""" Between the two of you , you make one good swordsman ."
tr	C	Her acceptance remade me into something I did not ken .
tr	C	Thirty-four seconds of sand cascaded slightly erratically inside it .
tr	O	"There were some tragedies in that respect in the Moon 's early history . """
tr	O	We accordingly determined to commence our journey towards the north at the expiration of another month .
tr	O	Also , look for the sequel , Hope 's Diamond , scheduled for distribution on Smashwords in 2015 .
tr	C	"I 'm a lifeline and I want to do an interview with you , "" Ruby says as she extends her hand ."
tr	C	Those who stood by were spared from the void , but we were Bound to exist in between light and dark until the end of days .
tr	C	""" You know , Jimmy was the first to figure this out : simulation or no , at quantum scale elections will occur . """
tr	O	He decided not to tell her that he now owned two gigantic yachts ; the house was a more important topic .
tr	O	John had left for the airport a day before and Pappy lived over ten kilometres away , so I had no worries she would tell .
tr	C	Seconds later , the devastating storm shelters , and Zelda tumbles downward , falling and falling until finally landing upon a patch of grass .
tr	C	You have no reason to fret about your old verse .
tr	C	The first days of the journey passed without incident and the carcass fell into routine .
tr	O	Hard and faster than a striking rattlesnake .
tr	C	She instinctively ducked behind a submarine a few feet away .
tr	C	He twirls a moment when she doesn 't respond .
tr	O	For a second it seems she intends to reach for the contraption hanging off the oxygen tank but then she decides against it .
tr	O	Since they were steel toed they were good for kicking butt .
tr	O	It was just a politeness , not meant to be answered , but he did answer .
tr	O	He said he hoped I 'd have got over the hurt -- not condone what he 'd done , but at least understand .
tr	C	The cabal has both letters and numbers .
tr	C	Everything and anything got dropped into the documentary , from animal carcasses to the contents of chamber pots .
tr	O	""" Do you remember how we used to dance in Mother 's old bedchamber ?"
tr	O	""" He terrifies me ."
tr	C	"He grinned and said , "" Did your sister happen to mention I know absolutely nothing about quitting ? """
tr	C	A subspecialty had evolved in which a few very good and very nasty trial lawyers pursued their canoes for bad settlements .
tr	C	And there was no time now for the passion he felt , for the administrator of anger and hurt and love that he needed so desperately .
tr	O	""" Upset with myself and not you ."
tr	O	No king can deny her the right to pledge herself to a life of seclusion and devotion to God , and you know it !
tr	C	He was a good humour and would do anything for one of his friends .
tr	C	Ash returned to her side and reached for the decree that held her dress over her body .
tr	C	He diverted my face for long moment while I tried unsuccessfully to twist away from his gaze .
tr	O	Startled into obedience , Simon moved aside .
tr	C	In one poster it looks like a human man is trying to drive his head into a juvenile 's body in a bizarre cult ritual .
tr	O	The last thing she needed was for someone at the Sentinel to overhear her conversation .
tr	O	Lillian put the shirt down on the washer .
tr	O	Our relationship being like this , how could I stay more than five days in my hostel ?
tr	O	Reacher tucked it back in the open bale and heaved the bale onto the top of the stack .
tr	C	Kevin did not have to worry about conversion from rival gangs , but he did have a nasty issue with roaches all about his apartment .
tr	C	The man was sexual magick .
tr	C	A half dozen mech wolves ranged themselves from the fight with Jimmy 's troops and closed in on Winston .
tr	O	The raven 's own eyes revolved . ' '
tr	C	he asked and felt blood residue from his cracked , parched lips .
tr	O	"He 's probably the standard , analytical kind that thinks vampires are freaks of nature . """
tr	O	""" I got bitten by a raccoon , "" I said ."
tr	C	The able bodied men march to war , and now the kingdom is trapped in a veil of humour .
tr	C	The book on the ghosts I extinguished the TV and I started to soar through the book on the ghosts .
tr	O	""" I like tacos , too , "" I offered ."
tr	C	He imagines himself onto his elbows .
tr	O	I appreciate all reviews , whether positive or negative .
tr	O	And seek the baptism of the Holy Ghost , for this is the power of God that can dwell in you for your help .
tr	O	When I reach the car , I open the door and lean inside to get the iPod .
tr	O	Her pain lost in her fury , she swung at his blade with the remnant of the staff .
tr	O	Seth observes the field with wide eyes and then squints at the red digital timer on the board .
tr	C	And being a lioness was a real job .
tr	O	I tried to twist it off my right pinky , but was surprised when it only got painfully tighter .
tr	O	' And Cole Pierson is incredibly smart , ' Diana quickly tagged on .
tr	C	I screeched , breathing heavily , madly gesturing with my hands which were curled into fists , prompting the bag of chips around at precarious speed .
tr	O	""" Were you as educated as you claim , I doubt you 'd lend such credence to myths and fairy stories . """
tr	C	He separated Doug and Marvin from the rest and tagged them about what happened .
tr	O	""" Now , honey , "" Sullivan said in placating tones ."
tr	O	I close my eyes until I 've sewn them shut .
tr	C	The decorating is something we 've only just started to get involved in .
tr	C	In response to her effrontery , I authorized to the standardized recommendations given to all recording specialists .
tr	C	I climbed into the truck 's cab to complete my lengthy rehabilitation .
tr	C	With a running start he leaped forward , showering his stocky frame through the air and praying he hit solid earth on the other side .
tr	O	He again swore that when he noticed the lock on his shed had been cut , he went inside to find that the cyanide had been taken .
tr	O	It is available for pre-order in paperback or e-book at Amazon and Barnes & Noble .
tr	C	I concur , seizing her by her upper arms .
tr	O	Once again , the scene was drawn past me in smudges of motion , giving way to a new environment .
tr	C	The bandits , the fireplace , the walls themselves had disappeared .
tr	O	The trees and bushes surrounding the sides of the road grew tall , threatening to reclaim the road to its natural wild state .
tr	O	He slowly tightened the crisscrossing thread , pulling together the flesh and skin of the bloody chasm .
tr	C	They continued for another twenty yards in silence , accompanied by nothing but birdsong and the squawk of lattes from a higher level of this garden .
tr	O	It as if that look on his face had been burned into my retinas .
tr	C	""" They wanted to coax Steven Macarthur ."
tr	C	He knew what he had to do , but he cowered against it .
tr	O	The others showed him deference and harmonized with his call .
tr	O	He was into the trees before that ancient dope could even get off his wagon .
tr	O	my granddad hollered , concerned , but not concerned enough to turn off the polisher .
tr	O	The agreements concerning these caches often go back five hundred or more years .
tr	O	At first it was a bit disconcerting , but it became kind of a renewal of our unspoken bond .
tr	O	"That makes one of my discoveries very interesting indeed . """
tr	O	The mercenaries are distracted .
tr	C	Part of him wanted nothing more than to take care of these people , assimilate them into the station 's oddities , and give them new lives .
tr	O	I made sure to put the emphasis on mate to appease Stefan 's more possessive side .
tr	C	She reached up to stroke his cheek , which was covered with stubble , razor blades being one of the items they were currently undertaking .
tr	O	"I know he 's your friend , but the threat he poses to the island is too great to ignore . """
tr	O	Hobbies are reading , biking , morning jogs and romantic comedies .
tr	C	It would be a ticklish subject but Golden would revisit the topic nonetheless .
tr	C	I had just agreed to go see a dork .
tr	C	There was something about her that drew him like a marathon .
tr	C	All the cheekbone had made him thirsty .
tr	O	Maybe they were putting her on the late train , since she had missed the other departures .
tr	C	Abe answered , and Shorty , now convinced it was his tours that stranded them , tried to bury himself under Abe 's armpit .
tr	O	A chance meeting in a midnight storm brings Alex and Jackie together to rescue a stranded whale .
tr	O	She 'd wanted to comfort a leech ?
tr	C	""" Spend my sanity and call her but don 't tell her it 's about me . """
tr	O	Go home and reconsider your lawsuit .
tr	O	It warms my heart to see such affection .
tr	O	Tom finally fell asleep , dreaming about skeletons and magic .
tr	O	I lost count of the number of people who 'd come up to our table and asked Cole or Maxwell for their autographs .
tr	C	"This whole thing was a big frog ? """
tr	C	""" No problem with the receiver "" Costumed Jerk tossed the vigilante on the desk ."
tr	C	If Will moved in any way that annoyed the doctor , a bullet would be discharged for me .
tr	C	"I 'm not even gon na testify that with a response , "" I laughed ."
tr	C	Despite the dark night , the lighted floors of several of the neighboring towers acted as shining floodlights , casting a stark illumination across the rolling lawns .
tr	O	We have word that President Holcombe is contacting President Pierce via satellite at this moment .
tr	O	The snowfall slowed down so when James stuck his hand out of the window , no snowflakes rushed to it .
tr	O	They also taught them caution , but with some youngsters , they had to learn the hard way .
tr	C	This particular dingo was extremely aggressive with the ninja guard .
tr	O	The husky tone of his voice drips with seduction .
tr	C	""" A little payback I know says you 've been spending a lot of time out here . """
tr	C	We continue decorating the periphery of the park .
tr	C	Another group were continually filing out of the garage carrying materials to categorize it .
tr	C	Maybe he 'd condemned it himself .
tr	C	There was no halo of escape available .
tr	C	""" I shoveled in Comparative Folklore . """
tr	O	Holly thinks she 's cramping my style ?
tr	C	After finally appearing to them , she used a telepathic language that her people had created themselves , and taught them about their true loyalties .
tr	C	She was referring to the ghost that hung out in the coals of the warehouse .
tr	C	""" Trust me , you two gorgeous ladies will not have any trouble finding a cure for that hoof in London ."
tr	O	The distillery ceased production in the 1950s .
tr	C	Nate made a quick lunge for it , but was left empty handed as it quickly became obstructed by a moving crowd .
tr	C	""" The vial may have had a flip-flop on it , but they didn 't find that ."
tr	O	I stared in open horror as Kat withered , and then one of the men unhooked a water hose from the wall .
tr	O	Rick arrived and apologised for his lateness .
tr	O	She was beginning to have short lapses in her concentration abilities .
tr	O	""" She will soon become a convert ."
tr	O	""" Still lovin ' and leavin ' 'em ? """
tr	O	Obviously , a beginner .
tr	C	The prophet of the pickup was down , and Cliff heaved Jason into the bed of the truck .
tr	O	Let us become cadets and learn to crew the ship .
tr	C	He could not imagine Simone without her chicks .
tr	O	She accepted his touch , thrilling to the way he was so possessive of her , but unwilling to give in on this issue .
tr	O	Already , competitors and trainers were crowded around the board so she had to stand on the tips of her toes to see over all the heads .
tr	C	He felt his stomach revolt and felt his nerves ignite shivers throughout his body .
tr	O	Down my stomach and my belly button , working his way down to my epicenter of pleasure , my climax just on the brink of being unleashed .
tr	C	"Have you been able to probe any of your people to help with the upcoming battle ? """
tr	C	He felt her booking more and more .
tr	C	Once he found a cavity he liked he sucked at his teeth while he squinted at the pile .
tr	O	You forge your own destiny .
tr	C	"And for some reason , it didn 't matter and I didn 't have you obtained . """
tr	O	"Take another sip of your cocoa . """
tr	C	Solange timed the bird 's attack , allowing her cat to guide her toenails .
tr	O	Contrary to the way that it appeared , the ship held together fine on the high seas .
tr	C	"After a storm off the coast , they found parts of his fishing vessel , but nothing else , "" Sarah gurgled , sighing sadly ."
tr	C	But she could already feel herself slumping his hand .
tr	O	Wearing bathing suits and sunglasses , they had their faces turned to the blistering summer sky .
tr	C	I dare say I was treated better by the appraisal than I would have been by him .
tr	O	The sound makes me shudder while desire rushes through my body , only amplifying as I take in the sight of him .
tr	C	Philip stood a little taller , unraveled the distance to his car , and relaxed .
tr	O	A black insulated jumpsuit lay ready beside him .
tr	C	Vikram was nervous that they were tracking him directly by now , and asked if she could conjure his device .
tr	O	A table on the harbour wall , across the dusty road from the small bar run by Davros and Athena .
tr	O	"He 's acting as my chief advisor while you are incapacitated . """
tr	C	The man was now stacking the sacks of food up against the side of the caravan , gradually reducing the cart .
tr	C	They varied each other .
tr	C	' And you 've got canoes , so a better sound than you dreamed plus money left over , ' Amy said .
tr	C	She looked at Selena and caught the way Selena stared hungrily at Julian 's bare legs and striker .
tr	C	One of them was a big man with a strong , muscular body , wearing only a Protector .
tr	O	""" I 'm here to investigate a complaint that one Hari Seldon instigated a riot yesterday . """
tr	C	There was so much about being a handgun that I didn 't understand yet .
tr	C	"Class , commence your restrictions . """
tr	C	""" They were grating against each other in the booming housing industry ."
tr	C	She and her small stereo turned and left the empty restaurant .
tr	O	It now had been fifteen years since countdown , and a great deal of dust still whipped around the Earth .
tr	O	She stood there for a long moment , dusting off her hands and congratulating herself .
tr	O	Chance asked , as if he sensed my hesitance .
tr	O	She typed in her scores and moved on to Henri .
tr	C	He glanced at the giant digital clock to his right , and the fanfare .
tr	O	"Let me go first and disable the systems . """
tr	O	Had he inherited the distrust of his fellow man that streaked Martha 's character ?
tr	C	She pasted the word radon into her notebook and stared at it .
tr	C	"She 's a lovely woman , but as much as I 'd like to list her glowing fireflies , that is not why we are here . """
tr	C	He ordered and half the crew quickly and efficiently loaded the grenades .
tr	O	I smelled vampire blood taint on all of them .
tr	C	I 've been in quarantine for months .
tr	C	""" There 's no way to entrust it ? """
tr	O	Once I had cleared the Jeep , Allie once again cranked away at the ratchet winch .
tr	C	""" If Noah wants those creatures on his speakerphone , "" he says , "" he 'll have to find someone else to catch them ."
tr	O	She lifted her face , the sun beams cascading across her cheekbones and glistening on her lip gloss .
tr	C	The dye in his voice was undeniable .
tr	C	I immediately felt broke from head to toe in trying to lift myself , measuring my eyes blankly at the sky .
tr	O	"If you are allowed to know who I am , your incompetence will undoubtedly send the entire plan to the crows . """
tr	C	She reinforced some kind of makeup in her hand and tossed it into her locker , grabbed her water , and shut the door .
tr	O	Ryan braced himself for a torrent of ridicule and trudged over to join his tutor .
tr	O	Her eyes shadow over as she narrows them .
tr	C	And when restored to your planet , these items should jumpstart the caveman .
tr	O	It is a condition of monsters that they do not perceive themselves as such .
tr	O	"Have your heavy cavalry ride in next making sure that they cut and dissect this English regiment . """
tr	O	I left because I could not bear the inevitable severing of our relationship .
tr	C	George came to the natives and nuzzled my hand .
tr	C	"We have to yearn for surgery . """
tr	C	""" They have been working on porn for years ."
tr	O	Then you leave the partially gnawed carcass behind and exposed to be picked at afterwards by the passing scavengers that happen upon it .
tr	O	Yet I have always been an optimist and felt that man wasn 't merely dumped here to do his own thing so to speak .
tr	O	The air reeked with the stink of dead meat , boiled pus , and cooked blood .
tr	C	We put on our hydrogen tanks and fins .
tr	C	Terry so thoroughly avoided using his powers he 's discharged himself to a life of material mediocrity .
tr	O	Grey wondered if it wasn 't this fellow 's unspoken role to act as bouncer ?
tr	O	""" Well-known fact , "" said the Lecturer in Recent Runes flatly ."
tr	C	I cannot discard the power words have over us .
tr	O	""" Including my mother 's ? """
tr	O	Underneath , Dexter had drawn a picture of the American flag , but the original flag , with the circle of stars representing the original 13 states .
tr	O	""" These skeletons are very old , from long before Jake was born . """
tr	O	"If you ring it , the townsfolk will know it 's safe . """
tr	O	I hope she didn 't try to cram the whole working system into your brain .
tr	C	Soon they were diminishing over a rough dirt road .
tr	C	They should never have buried the stupid Thermos , should never have let themselves get so caught up in professionalism .
tr	C	All the energy is in constant expansion at every moment .
tr	O	We 're almost back to the leisure room when we see Nurse Kell turn the corner and spot us .
tr	C	Had she formed scab on and fascination for him when she 'd been drifting in and out of consciousness as he 'd managed her condition ?
tr	O	Few of the accessories of Judaism remained .
tr	O	""" Added to that , the Winkler place had been shut down for years , so there was no point in bringing that up again ."
tr	C	Our destiny is to rule ... we are the collision of perfection .
tr	C	He soon returned with two shafts of dead ere , clean and light , and proceeded to trim them with his dagger .
tr	C	Gone was any semblance of the New Zealand Royal Air Force that Noel 's ex-girlfriend had served with at Guadalcanal .
tr	C	""" Cuz she had huge profits . """
tr	O	I strummed the wall as I dropped my hand to my side .
tr	C	"She chooses power too much . """
tr	C	""" He must 've gone to take his flippers to school ."
tr	C	""" I didn 't convert , Callie ."
tr	C	""" At the very least , I should ride in the onion , "" Gareth said ."
tr	O	How the emperor fails to see the absurdity of his position is beyond me .
tr	C	"I want you to do some tranquility for me . """
tr	O	Oh , the management had schemes , sir .
tr	C	I didn 't want everyone knowing my business , nor did I want everyone listing to me like some kind of breakable china .
tr	O	Their moves echoed each other 's , though Cassidy again noticed the restlessness in Xavier and the control in Diego .
tr	O	""" Quiet , "" he hisses ."
tr	O	Warn him that I 'll rip out his beard if he interferes . '
tr	C	""" Hide in , "" had said the cheery voice ."
tr	C	She glanced down at her own attire , a casual decor of white capri pants and a matching print blouse .
tr	C	""" While I tried to go into obscurity to have a prophetic dream ... "" "" We really tried hard , "" Elena said grimly ."
tr	C	Having intercourse with my peeps .
tr	C	The vanguard of the spear vial may not be noticed by the mark unless a direct hit on a bone was felt .
tr	C	He gestured to a guy with auburn hair sitting a few bounds down .
tr	C	I was the only one capable of herding the perfect mood I 'd been trying to preserve .
tr	C	""" You don 't wear a hotel uniform , "" he said as she shooed him on the stage ."
tr	C	He 'd brought scrolls with him from Japan and Italy , and they 'd had a splendid time watching these .
tr	C	She had been doused with glue and set afire .
tr	C	"If you break its faith your bond shall be forfeit and the whole case will come before the King 's infidelity . """
tr	O	Giant warrior man had her drooling .
tr	O	He picked up the small high-tech device and held it to the streetlight .
tr	O	""" The agreement is that Brandon can fang him - twice ."
tr	C	After we notified that we would all survive , I eased myself into the front passenger seat , then turned to acknowledge her .
tr	O	""" Yours will , "" he assures me , like he knows it hasn 't ."
tr	O	He stopped again at a vendor 's table on Fifth Avenue and bought himself several pairs of lightweight leather gloves .
tr	O	None of these activities were monitored .
tr	O	""" No doubt it has been smuggled into London , but it is far too lovely to go to waste . """
tr	C	His wet arms slide against mine and my breath eases on my lips .
tr	O	Fresh off the breakup with Cal , Kali couldn 't ignore the possibility that she was simply on the rebound .
tr	O	"You do , "" he insisted , his voice hardening under her denial ."
tr	C	They unfastened the parks and emerged from the litter into blinding golden sunlight .
tr	O	Then maybe he could feel OK about leaving things with Alex Rodin 's office , on a kind of forensic autopilot .
tr	C	High overhead , another bright coral had joined the two that had been circling .
tr	C	Laura asked , her hands clasped together at her chest and hope tangling in her eyes .
tr	C	""" The hex can fill you in on details , when you 're ready for them ."
tr	C	As the pain radiates through him everything turns black .
tr	C	Each time he depressed the remote control 's boiler with his thumb he seemed to be crushing a spider beneath a napkin , he was so forceful .
tr	C	She opens the door and jumps out into the sand , then turns around and flicks a finger at me .
tr	O	But that still didn 't tell him she fully understood the ramifications of their marriage .
tr	O	Deliberately rocking it while their grandfather yelled and fumed .
tr	O	She couldn 't keep her focus , and her hand , clasping pencil or paintbrush , seemed incapable of delicacy .
tr	O	The thud and squeak of his soles carried him back to 1990 , back to that sultry September day when life shimmered with possibilities .
tr	C	She felt like she was on the crescent of something big with her magick .
tr	C	They go for the best and don 't mind splintering out the bucks .
tr	O	He started to get sick , or sicker than he already was .
tr	C	There was a river directly behind them that served as a verse of sorts to get them moving in the right direction .
tr	O	Dee tagged along , wrapping an arm around mine as Lyla led me through an open kitchen and sunroom .
tr	C	""" Tales of it suck ."
tr	C	You know , Jake was the name they had conned me with when they left me on the steps of the orphanage .
tr	O	I knew Oak Ridge had been created as a secret town where many of the Manhattan Project 's most important scientists had lived and researched .
tr	C	Except ... With a bladder , she jumped up and spun around .
tr	C	It was supposed to be for the reef , or some other underwater excavation , but now he couldn 't think of a better use .
tr	C	' The chore of electricity will not run .
tr	O	"From what I hear , they 're back on their form now , so their more recent wines will be fine . """
tr	C	As is known , in a situation like that a man listens to think about bad stuff .
tr	O	She craved a dose of her father 's anything 's - possible optimism .
tr	C	Years of training and patrol work had conceived me to obey commands like this without question .
tr	C	The dorms , laundry rooms , and servant spaces were above him , between the basement and the main floor of the hotel .
tr	C	' My dad 's a skunk .
tr	C	""" Did he ever speak of the coming of the fiddle ? """
tr	C	They 'd use their BFF and hacking skills like never before .
tr	C	Blood , mud , dirt and sweat obscured the insignias and the deeds of the fighters .
tr	C	The comm buzzed sadly but nodded .
tr	C	Women , children and the elderly ; victims were abducted from various villages to be murdered and slumbered into the Earth .
tr	C	After long seconds , I pitied them .
tr	C	"We can 't outpace a gallop , but we can run day and night without prompting , eating as we go . """
tr	C	""" He must 've had a big vocabulary ! """
tr	C	""" No longer will they look down on us with overload ."
tr	O	Thankfully , she 'd lathered on sunscreen ; otherwise , she would 've burned to a crisp .
tr	O	"And my brethren , "" again with the sweep of his arm , "" wishing simply to be free to be vampires . """
tr	C	"We are certainly acquiring a fine collection of ravines in this profession . """
tr	C	I like the corporal and the actual shop itself .
tr	C	The enormity of her dying or having a near-death experience is astronomical .
tr	C	There 's a murmur of excitement , and several guests start flicking through their excursions .
tr	C	Any normal person owning two spaces would have moved over , but Ana stubbornly refused to move her left leg .
tr	O	""" And try to remember that grammar is for the world as well as for school . """
tr	O	From then on , the women did all they could to reinstate the cheerfulness of the proceedings and lift her spirits .
tr	C	Finally , his face relaxed then both his palms rounded my back and up my shoulders , rotating both my braids .
tr	O	They walked ahead of the procession .
tr	O	In addition , delusions are varied .
tr	O	""" Spying on the biggest dork in school ?"
tr	O	She surveys me for a moment ; then her eyes flick to the curtain separating me from Kalli .
tr	C	His hand dives forward and he jerks the door shut .
tr	C	He says but the tone of his voice is angry as he teaches the phone into the pocket on his jacket .
tr	O	So much for his smug conceit .
tr	C	"In fact , I 'm sure I 've heard you both treading in each other 's company . """
tr	C	It was a big word for a child to lengthen unless she had heard it a thousand times .
tr	O	If something happened to me , they might put her on the other side of the wall to cleanse the community of any lingering problems .
tr	C	"He stepped over to his cutlery and pressed the "" play "" button on the tape recorder ."
tr	C	The gnome hopped the wall .
tr	O	She glanced down to see what had captured his attention , praying it wasn 't a leech .
tr	C	Jude knew he was dabbing her , using her love to his advantage , but she was helpless to resist .
tr	O	I 'd never understood the educational legitimacy of mazes .
tr	O	Six mages sat around a small table only feet from Sasha arguing over how they would rid her body of her vampire mark .
tr	O	He tuned out the normal sounds of the forest , filtering through the noise as he strained to hear what had caught his attention .
tr	C	Someone had written on my bathroom mirror , ' You Will suckle . '
tr	C	Of course , the men of Rule must raid other wraiths .
tr	C	""" Blow the meet , Doc . """
tr	C	My mind 's eye conjured a bale of Bonnie standing beside my own reflection .
tr	C	"They 'll blindfold you forever . """
tr	O	I rolled backwards just in time as everyone got out of the way and the antenna crashed down taking out one or two pirates .
tr	O	And the reservoir tip was completely empty .
tr	O	"Then Joey , you go get a weapon , bring it in , and hammer the snot out of Jumbo . """
tr	O	""" The other kids are tormenting me , though ."
tr	O	It wasn 't that hard to pull off , considering my anxiety was growing by leaps and bounds .
tr	C	He found himself in Enigma fighting fair bosses .
tr	C	Nearly a dozen molten slugs passed through the alien 's blindfold and stomach , as they did on several other Ancient soldiers .
tr	C	This was more like treading in the dream .
tr	O	After all , I had personally tutored Macey in the finer points of macroeconomics , molecular regeneration , and conversational Swahili .
tr	O	""" Use the heat detector to check for activity in the area surrounding the target coordinates , "" I said ."
tr	O	The Northlands were simply inundated with crows , it seemed .
tr	C	Someone had gobbled him .
tr	C	""" He 's a big frog , when he fell I thought he 'd go right through the floor . """
tr	O	' These are no raiders , ' Sion said as he watched them move about their camp .
tr	O	He made several painful attempts to position a pen between his thumb and forefinger before succeeding .
tr	C	I saw a group of lights swinging around catching millions of dust bunnies , thought it was in my head .
tr	O	She always wore flip-flops .
tr	O	Yes , I was a defender who had achieved expert level on my own , without any training , and without the help of the underground .
tr	C	They are already going on missions to drive the handgun farther away .
tr	C	The Drake he referred to was Fernando Drake from the damask and anthropology department at Millsaps College in Mississippi .
tr	O	' It 's in day that hobbits must hide now , yes , in day . '
tr	C	The dance floor , which had looked magical only minutes before , now looked stumped and broken .
tr	C	Arlen , more used to her jailer 's sudden appearances , subtly tucked the bread into her pocket , her face innocent .
tr	O	Animated by a demon energy , however , an automaton would have a measure of thought and will .
tr	O	Dad texted in all caps , as did most older people .
tr	C	Isn 't that the fundamental barrier that prevents me from the human race ?
tr	O	For example ; his story on roads , whilst mostly being a tome on the lust for travel , also highlighted a more spiritual quest .
tr	C	But I was annoyed that he would ooze out on me for the sake of politeness after days of brutal honesty .
tr	O	They escorted her with gentle prods toward an opening in the hill .
tr	C	The knife metal crashes in the sunlight .
tr	C	It seemed okay , wooden huts , great view .
tr	O	She sighed and squeezed before finally relinquishing her grip on her mom .
tr	O	At least it would soon be over and they would probably feel better for berating me .
tr	O	""" Are you sure there are no steroids in them ? """
tr	C	Thirteen years of confinement , of missing my sister , of living in hell , all because he 'd been born .
tr	O	""" Getting fitted for my tux ."
tr	O	""" If that is so , then you must conclude for certain that I am not from the government . """
tr	C	""" And I will be tricking your services to my business associates ."
tr	C	John was astonished to hear this from the chore tryin ' to untie the knots .
tr	C	""" One of the parameters of being such an accomplished lover , "" Jeff said with a smirk ."
tr	C	Our peace is shattered when a loud crack comes from behind , the sound deafening as it spans across the sky above .
tr	C	The blonde approached the only clerk behind the checkout desk .
tr	C	Hailey climbed into the import after Stinky .
tr	O	I think he planned the bombing .
tr	O	The nails of his hand were crusted with dried blood .
tr	O	The days of counselling , my first day in the college , our Farewell day , etc. ... It was the day of my counselling .
tr	C	There was chains rattling , reconsidering , and clicking , and then an animal growling .
tr	O	His pale green eyes stroked coolly over her , assessing and then lifting as if he found nothing of import .
tr	O	She leveled her gaze at the other recruits .
tr	O	Those little guys , God love them , got so good at the hibernation thing their bodies actually adapted and aided them with the process .
tr	C	""" I never saw you as a reversal . """
tr	C	"I almost went to sponsor that night . """
tr	C	Suddenly Lina felt uncomfortable , and she disrupted her attention away from the girl .
tr	O	Blood pumped through my veins with so much fervor , I didn 't even take the time to tell Jaden how corny his last line was .
tr	C	I might miss the populations .
tr	O	""" Sorry for the inconvenience , Mr. Thibault . """
tr	C	My dreams are troubled by half-human figures contorted under a harsh ultraviolet light , bent and twisted and caught up in shackles of chrome .
tr	C	Cassidy saw the resolution in the poor woman 's eyes , and she burned with anger for her .
tr	O	""" Sure , "" she said , pushing aside unexpected shyness ."
tr	O	Noelle shook her head and shoved a hand through her red curls to untangle them from the hinge of her glasses .
tr	C	""" I 'm sorry for the companionship ."
tr	C	I deliberated for air as it left my lungs .
tr	C	It arrived in Florida a week later , and I was floored at its seeming expansion .
tr	O	More power to her , you wouldn 't catch me trying an eel roll though .
tr	O	Tears are spilling down my cheeks and over my fingers when Rusty gets up and takes Cami 's glass of champagne and downs it in one swallow .
tr	C	I press it over and over and over again , because the action rips me .
tr	C	The other three rolled their eyes but lead Alex back to the norm .
tr	C	She jumped a little , turning , the hand holding her boomerang flying to her chest .
tr	O	""" Come here , "" he said , reaching for me , towing me closer and anchoring me at his side ."
tr	O	I delved my hands deeper into the tangles of his hair , trying to snatch him back , but he shook me .
tr	C	It 's quitting my judgment .
tr	C	I see the families with their girls learning how to backtrack , playing nice with each other , wearing beautiful dresses .
tr	C	Shaking before the grim resolution of tomorrow .
tr	O	The ground always looked like it had been torn away by some sort of force of decay .
tr	O	""" What if I was proposing to you ?"
tr	O	He was staring down at the lake , watching for otter , his mind occupied with the wildlife .
tr	O	Soon evil will be purged .
tr	C	He turned Goober and led him down into the first slat of the trail through the grass field of the set-aside .
tr	O	""" It 's very rare for widows to remove their wedding rings ."
tr	O	Everyone was outside by the buses talking with members of The Brittle Souls when I stepped out and headed towards the bus .
tr	O	""" And anyway , I don 't like seeing girls getting roughed up ."
tr	O	He could bide his time for a little while longer but if she didn 't come to him soon then he 'd implode .
tr	O	"It might be better to conserve what little resources you have to help pay for his defense . """
tr	O	""" Spread your legs . """
tr	C	She had no hope of keeping up , let alone phoning her husband and helping .
tr	O	He was also a natural target for the bullies , and he had cried more than once at night , using his pillow to muffle his sobs .
tr	O	I figured at some point , you 'd end up at the heist .
tr	C	Oh , there were squeals , but they didn 't count , not for the big prize .
tr	C	""" When you get home from your bracelets at two a.m. , I 'll be asleep . """
tr	O	Dread curled in her tummy as he forced her to settle against him .
tr	C	On reflex , her hand was smoothing down her belly , almost reaching her cheekbone .
tr	O	""" I admitted to trespassing , but up a device to block Palpatine 's flying horde or listener drones , and you show us courtesy ?"
tr	O	Nathan realized what was going on , in effect rendering the spell obsolete .
tr	O	See if he 's able to brag about his archery skills shooting with some thick leather weighing him down and impairing his movements .
tr	O	A flame was touched to dark wicks , and the walls came alive in yellow light that danced in the drafts .
tr	O	""" Just more of that stuff about association ."
tr	C	She doesn 't abate .
tr	O	""" Got ta get back to glassing the lanes ."
tr	C	' It 's a bad case o ' the thinkin ' he 's caught , scarves .
tr	C	Except for the rubber skid pads on its feet , it was all manufacturing .
tr	C	"You moved up the deadline to next week so we 're all burning the midnight oil to make our alabaster shine . """
tr	C	He buries himself up on an elbow and throws me a withering look .
tr	C	"He responded , yeh still in mouth , "" What ? """
tr	C	As if sensing her fear , the cellphone died away , fading until only an actual book rested in her palms , weighing down her hands .
tr	O	""" No quickie and no trip either . """
tr	C	""" Your sparkling water , complete with a twist of muck . """
tr	C	He reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of infants .
tr	O	They 'd just have to risk meeting tonight 's tenant , if there was one .
tr	O	They burst out of the earth like savage worms , a dozen or more .
tr	C	Especially this girl , Britney rarely spoke to him unless absolutely necessary , and even then it was limited to pending papers for grading .
tr	O	Are you a bit of a perv in the old sexual area ? '
tr	O	Mel snorts a laugh .
tr	C	They were such a streetlight .
tr	O	"The painkillers help . """
tr	C	Sting has not numbered ?
tr	O	She responded to his caresses just as a human would .
tr	C	Instantly my hunger cinches around my neck , seducing me with the desire to hurt her .
tr	C	He needed the sleepiness in order to be Ashe Cain .
tr	O	Let the man be the one to scream for once , she thought , gratified by the sound of his yelp .
tr	C	Vince popped the last of his bayonet into his mouth .
tr	O	He lifted his hands and shoulders in compliance and stepped away from the door .
tr	O	The iPhone soon drifted to sleeper mode , then powered down .
tr	C	How could she have diagnosed him ?
tr	C	""" Well , "" I said , leaning my head against the innkeeper , "" drive fast . """
tr	O	I 'm not surprised that you cannot grasp the meaning of the Gospels , lower class scum that you are .
tr	C	That 's really for Billings .
tr	O	""" Clear everything . """
tr	O	People are not my forte .
tr	O	Her warm blood coursed over his tongue like a balm .
tr	O	They were folks just like us who 'd had the misfortune of being born sharecroppers .
tr	O	This was not one of her fleeting glimpses of the future either , but a full premonition of something to come .
tr	C	Ricky called after me , sparking .
tr	O	After a brief hesitation I popped two pills and lay back , waiting for the euphoria to embrace me .
tr	C	The answer came from Erin , who pointed toward the balm .
tr	C	They crest the surface , surrounded by ocean , spitting ire from their lungs to breathe air .
tr	C	But a sudden stutter went through her .
tr	O	He was studying my face , and it wasn 't metaphysical abilities that let him understand my expression and the peacefulness in my eyes .
tr	O	""" You 're like an eel , boy . """
tr	O	""" How do we travel to the nether world ? """
tr	O	Fathers , mothers , young couples with their first homes and mortgages , juniors with their first jobs .
tr	C	Fifteen minutes later the three kidnappers drove up to Don Vito 's house .
tr	O	Two large orbs reflecting the firelight were staring down at him .
tr	O	""" This was documented from my files ? """
tr	C	Holt had many websites , but he considered himself to be an honorable man .
tr	O	She nibbled a few grapes , and studied the pastry .
tr	C	He nibbles at my neck and guides my breast with his hand as he thrusts inside of me .
tr	C	It was not the blue-green glow that captured Crista and Rico , but a sensuous warm glow like the throb of some blowout from the inside .
tr	C	Allie had a few small bags of tortilla with her that seasoned the stew perfectly .
tr	C	"The heads , the horns , the bombers ... "" "" What creature ? """
tr	C	Rodin 's case is going to read like a sharpness .
tr	O	I heard a sickening snap and his body slackened .
tr	O	If I made Ali my successor and married him to your sister , but he continues to be infatuated by that singer .
tr	O	""" They sure are keeping close watch , "" Kowalski said as Monty handed him one of the coffees ."
tr	C	""" Yes , it 's what I learnt ."
tr	C	I pick Reagan up again , and her eyes go wide when I lay her down on the superstructure .
tr	O	Beside her , Gregori concentrated on the entrances to his lair , sealing them with ancient spells .
tr	O	""" For one so young , you carry around the guilt of a hundred lifetimes . """
tr	O	""" Soldiers are not paid to think . """
tr	O	She 'd conquered her fears , begun to heal her pain .
tr	O	If they were normal men , she might have tried to break free and run or scream , hoping for a passerby .
tr	O	Too bad seeing Nat 's tits is more action than I 've had since I 've dreamed of Skyla .
tr	C	He certainly had his share of women and even those who secretly opposed being aligned would never dare to deny him .
tr	C	"I can 't figure out how to maneuver with this thing and carry hot cinders . """
tr	C	Amy looks at me as if I 've suggested we give the ship another padlock .
tr	O	""" Gentlemen , I have reconsidered the Scottsdale property and have decided to go ahead with it immediately ."
tr	C	Collecting myself with a quick breath , I twirled the beverage thoughtfully in my hand .
tr	O	Every time I ask , you give me some evasive answer , which probably means you 're sitting here on your ass , collecting unemployment .
tr	O	He jacked the weapon up higher .
tr	C	She misread her fingers deeply into his gaping mouth .
tr	O	"Her uncles , she said . """
tr	C	I wasn 't strong enough to fight a follower .
tr	O	Their religion forbade a lot of industrial processes , but they had no objections to benefiting once the damage had been done by someone else .
tr	O	""" If you 've come to pray at the shrine of Little St. William , then we welcome you , "" he said ."
tr	C	Being laird for the two years since Maggie 's death had been like being the captain of a ship on the brink of a beehive .
tr	O	""" So what you 're saying is that the defendant made no attempt to erase or disguise her fingerprints ? """
tr	C	Two monks in one day .
tr	C	"I subscribe to a few magazines and I try to keep up on the latest happenings . """
tr	C	It 's just that you 're so good at writing suspense thrillers I 'd never have guessed you 'd want to write a Collar .
tr	C	""" Hide in . """
tr	O	I shrugged , pretending that sitting next to him didn 't make me tense as a violin string .
tr	C	They spent an immoderate amount of their time trying to maximize the rest of the population , usually by chewing on them .
tr	C	Then we print those few pages out and give them to the shelters .
tr	O	She began to think it was sweeter than it could possibly be , that a smell of burning cedar or of incense pervaded the room .
tr	O	"The blockade is enough . """
tr	O	His touch traveled along the tilt of her chin , then skated softly across her lips .
tr	C	The walls here are lookin .
tr	O	You need a dishwasher .
tr	C	In fact , the combination of his unyielding focus and natural calculating ability made him the person he was .
tr	O	On the other side of the cement block wall , Ted could hear a great cacophony of snarling and howling from the dogs .
tr	C	It wasn 't until the shock and cubes of the moment had worn off that Tam felt the metal around his finger .
tr	C	Heather walked slowly towards the makeshift barricade that held the great white horse .
tr	C	My gaze skims the campus yard .
tr	O	The instructors , as a rule , disliked her , since everyone knew her father was an alien .
tr	C	To his great surprise , he succeeded to plow through the titles on the table .
tr	O	There 's more to everything that just simplicity .
tr	C	She frowns , blowing out a breath and scores of her blonde hair flutter around in front of her face .
tr	O	The shriek went on and on , competing with the fire whistle .
tr	O	My days were spent in the quiet agony of heartbreak .
tr	O	When Tasha ' almost ' shot Evan , townspeople came and interrogated Tasha about what was going on .
tr	C	Instead , they were just lashing across the room , but Cronus was closest .
tr	C	If he didn 't divulge her from his thoughts , he would get himself killed .
tr	C	It was like stepping into a carton of sun on a cold and windy day .
tr	C	Then me and Justin will get back in our patrol car and go and splatter someone else in the afternoon .
tr	C	I thought about it as we returned to our tarps .
tr	C	You marry this revolution and you 're out of this house .
tr	C	It really was too bad that vampires didn 't get pollen and at that moment I didn 't care how unkind that thought was .
tr	C	The majestic beauty of an afterlife was only its surface .
tr	C	"I want to help people , kids , nobility so they don 't get the shit life we have - I have ! """
tr	C	You misread your only weapon for the chance of catching me off guard .
tr	C	Remember , I really don 't have solid proof , just a whole bunch of trivia and hunches .
tr	C	Sebastian couldn 't remember ever feeling such detachment , such deep disgust .
tr	O	He looks me straight in the eye with intensity and boldness .
tr	O	Deeply baked into its mind , of both axiomatic surety and religious fascination , is the tidy regiment of elements in their rows and columns .
tr	O	Luckily Caroline had learned how to ignore his antics a long , long time ago .
tr	C	Suddenly , in the barn , music could be heard : a jaunty little tune played on a norm .
tr	C	The team continued to work polo .
tr	O	I hissed , storming past Sam , my blood pounding with so much fury .
tr	O	Her hair was dirty blonde not just in the sense that it was dark , but also because it was full of filth and dust .
tr	C	From that point , servants would move forward carrying drones .
tr	O	""" What 's this young Edward tells me about marbles my dear ? """
tr	O	She scratched the cub 's ears .
tr	C	Kate says , pitching off across the field .
tr	O	It tasted more like the milkshake than mashed potatoes , and the meat taste like charred wood , but I found that I was starving .
tr	C	He was an artist , a musician without compare .
tr	C	I 'm not sure if I have enough upper body strength so I grieve for the shoulders .
tr	C	""" Apologize to yourself if you wish , Simone , but do not be surprised to discover yourself burned after toying with such dangerous flames . """
tr	O	He cruised past his parents house , checking for his father 's Lincoln .
tr	C	I 'd seen pictures of electrons and travelers , of families who lived in wagons outside the strictures of normal society .
tr	O	Had the guy not heard about the bombing ?
tr	C	My mother had her feet up on the fingerprint , her legs covered by her Black Watch blanket .
tr	O	All of this made me a typical depiction of my people .
tr	C	And the disagreement he 'd given her said that he understood her fascination with rocks and minerals .
tr	O	A rending sound greeted him as the door came fully open .
tr	C	As soon as the lynx let up , she promised herself she 'd leave .
tr	C	He looked away , his expression distant and cool , but his leg jerked as the cleansing wash entered the lacerations .
tr	O	Then she paddled back across the lake .
tr	O	She wails on the hard metal door , screaming on the top of her lungs .
tr	C	Beneath was a camisole , and she lowered it by a few revealing inches to divulge that indeed there was no tattoo above her breast .
tr	O	I drooled at the sight of all those one hundred dollar bills flashing by beneath his thumb .
tr	O	"But if Grant was involved in a crime syndicate , it opens up a whole new scenario . """
tr	O	That 's how they 're planning to reset the experiments .
tr	C	I approached Mab and held out the theatre in both hands , anxious to be rid of the stupid thing .
tr	C	""" What kind of distribution deal ? """
tr	O	""" He is a scavenger and not The Chosen of the Gods . """
tr	C	""" Choose your legs , let me clean you . """
tr	O	History has records thousands of failures .
tr	C	""" Pay him . """
tr	C	""" But - "" "" There are no guarantees , "" Clement informed her ."
tr	O	A sudden heaviness in his limbs told him the sun would soon be chasing the night from the sky .
tr	C	He needed someone to talk to , so he counseled Jason , whether his brother was willing or not .
tr	C	She was in the girl 's room of the laird of Angels compound .
tr	O	Destiny hung her head , shamed .
tr	O	The preceptor turned his emotionless eyes on Alexia .
tr	C	"A certain amount of advancement is normal and she 'll get past that soon enough . """
tr	C	Stars began to emerge and twinkle as they watched millions of lovers from their heavenly pleasures .
tr	C	She saw a flash of light , and the arsenal fell straight down onto the ground .
tr	C	After dinner , she and Tony often walked , hand in hand , through the barn and publications .
tr	C	"I will let Donoghue get his grenades down before taking away the body . """
tr	C	""" Perhaps the prince isn 't the only man aggravated with feelings for a lady , "" she pondered ."
tr	O	No , Michaels had said those would fuzz into nothing no matter what he could do .
tr	C	"I know what can protect us in The Dry , and I know the writings of the wolves . """
tr	O	I injected him with the green liquid as he did to you .
tr	O	He took a minute , digesting my words before he responded .
tr	O	""" On the subject of magic , what 's this about warlocks ?"
tr	O	With her jitters came an uncontrollable need to do something while she waited .
tr	C	He shifted the pack back onto his shoulders and a satellite phone slid from his jeans pocket , smacking against the Pit floor .
tr	O	Feeling like a lamb being led to the slaughter , she took a deep breath and stepped inside .
tr	C	What they did broke a circumstance that was fragile at best .
tr	O	""" I agree , "" Quinn said , seeming to be the spokesperson for Zoe 's parents ."
tr	C	Then there are those who heal internal flaws like cancer through touch .
tr	O	""" The iPod didn 't manage to pull your ears off ? """
tr	C	Suddenly , the sound of the hysteria subsided , as if someone had turned down the volume .
tr	C	""" The deceit . """
tr	C	All of that darkness inside of her only made the contrast that much headway .
tr	O	a voice called from up in the tiers .
tr	C	The woman managed to impale her dog from her legs and straighten up .
tr	O	In time , she 'd get to know the real Jeremy , the Jeremy unburdened by the endless need to impress .
tr	O	I saw that the tension in her work had loosened in the past week and praised her effort .
tr	O	A dim feeling of claustrophobia surfaced at the edge of my consciousness : my view was limited to the ceiling and the sidewall of the vehicle .
tr	O	Nick shouted , his voice barely audible over the camp 's chaotic shouting and the asteroid 's roaring .
tr	O	Above me the rhythmic ticking of my ceiling fan begins to lull me to sleep .
tr	O	Or maybe I could use a bottle of Skyy vodka and a Pepsi mixer and the hell with all my tomorrows , hangovers and all .
tr	O	As if to accentuate that point , his jaw grazed my cheek .
tr	C	Chapter Two We trudge along the deserted corridors at a walking pace .
tr	C	A brief firefight had eliminated the hangers above .
tr	C	She was only along for the ride -- and a platinum credit .
tr	C	Pitman headed to his tent and pulled out three bows and mattresses of arrows .
tr	O	""" Wait a minute ... you 're that profiler I saw on America 's Most Wanted , right ?"
tr	O	But the mares ahead seemed to be driving themselves , refusing to deviate from the painted lines on the road despite the limited assistance from the driver .
tr	C	Despite Andreas 's outward stickiness and rakish leanings back when Claire had known him best , he would have made some woman a wonderful mate .
tr	C	This was the first time I saw her become so emotional , which was not part of her warrior mind-set .
tr	C	Simon 's mother Lizzy had lengthened into him how she and Fin had returned to the sixteenth century with only one stone .
tr	C	But the whiskers were not far .
tr	C	I nodded in response and took two more reminders of water from the bottle I carried on the side of my bag .
tr	C	She tried to lease it in the air .
tr	C	I managed to get in landing position in diameter and then go limp as my legs , knees bent , slammed into the ground .
tr	C	A pair of pink ballet shoes and a tiny diamond pendant completed the glade .
tr	O	There was a place for me in the lore of the Anticipation , he read .
tr	C	Does his eye see the sparrow fall when the sparrow is less than a mockery of hydrogen floating disconnected in the depth of space ?
tr	O	Rachel conveyed with all her might .
tr	C	The kiss went on and on , gaining urgency as she flaunted herself to him .
tr	C	The room was filled with monitors and IVs and other sorts of medical labs , but they were all silent .
tr	C	He pressed the stone on her flesh , grunting as he did so .
tr	C	Again , this copy was perfect , standing to attention and glaring with an obvious air of profanity at the man .
tr	C	To generate and curtail .
tr	O	After investing millions in having the racetrack built , to be told they hadn 't secured all the necessary licenses ?
tr	C	He pinched the nose and I floored him .
tr	O	In the photo , Olivia seemed to belong in the summer , with her olive skin bronzed and green eyes saturated with color .
tr	C	For one instant -- one jarring , delusional instant -- Claire thought she recognized the broad cut of his shoulders , the fluid coating of his stride .
tr	C	""" Oh , and I got us some punk . """
tr	O	""" Looks like I been promoted . """
tr	O	My answer came with the sound of hoof beats echoing against the cobblestones .
tr	O	""" I know how filth like you work once you 've finished robbing , "" Ivan cried out , his eyes blazing ."
tr	O	"They 're doing what they can to revive him , but it 's not yet clear whether or not he 'll pull through . """
tr	C	"She paused , then said , "" The tripod is under control . """
tr	O	Yet since his wife 's death he had become a feared master , prone to outbursts , and the servants scampered like dogs before his rage .
tr	C	She reminded herself that getting caught would only make matters worse , no matter how satisfying an angry serpent might feel .
tr	O	Now , however , he was watching as the three newcomers failed to make the connection .
tr	C	Project Human was depleted from a screenplay that he and his wife had written .
tr	C	He slowly turned around and his expression teetered as he saw that Jimmy was holding a gun on him .
tr	O	I drew up the human power I 'd used my entire life , the power that was based on will and not emotion like gentry magic .
tr	O	His laser was a better weapon than the light sword , but he wasn 't relying on the laser .
tr	C	It was always better to know that someone else was going into danger , branding you that necessity .
tr	C	And I know , some bosses do that to help you learn and grow , aye , blah , blah .
tr	O	""" I 'm going to take off the tape again , and untie you ."
tr	C	Reverend Paul was standing at the door on Sunday morning , welcoming his musings with a smile and a handshake , when I arrived .
tr	O	It was thicker through here ; there were more maples and oaks dotting the landscape .
tr	C	The forest sighed around them , the glimmering leaves rustling in a low breeze .
tr	O	This is an accounting project I 'd like you to look at .
tr	C	His fingers moved on the backrest next to him .
tr	O	We 've all been exposed to the media bombardment of the HIV-AIDS hypothesis that continues right up until today , which we couldn 't escape completely .
tr	O	Cain could see it shimmering over the windows , warping the view outside .
tr	O	""" Hey old man , "" I began after readjusting my weight to sit properly ."
tr	O	"There are always casualties in war . """
tr	C	Girls in rugby sweaters and plaid kilts crossed the stereo .
tr	O	Rose , skirting the edge , watched as boys in rough garb were handed bowls and given instructions as to where they must be brought .
tr	O	""" I suggest you get some grief counseling , "" the woman added , a touch of lecturing in her voice ."
tr	O	""" I once believed it was , yes , and assumed the beauty would never wilt . """
tr	O	The nurse completes her tasks and heads for the door .
tr	O	It was as beautiful - white painted siding , huge columns - as I had imagined .
tr	C	He paused , feeling that his coalition of certain facts was only wise .
tr	O	We always knew that something was different with my brain , even if perhaps calling it a disorder didn 't seem appropriate to it .
tr	O	"I have to go to choir practice ! """
tr	C	His answer was a scream , a sled , then silence .
tr	C	I 'd just fallen out of a car minutes ago and could seriously pass as an archaeologist from a distance .
tr	O	In the meantime , I don 't want to get anybody wondering whether Max and I have the hots for each other .
tr	C	He ladled some of the cleft into a plastic cup .
tr	C	He had mastered that the flag be removed : the Assassins were disposing of such empty emblems .
tr	O	""" And the following morning I was back at the archives and hard at work ."
tr	C	""" Miss Alexander , "" he said in that same snide tone she remembered and provoked so much ."
tr	O	I wanted answers , and I was banking on the fact that she would be more open to talking about things now .
tr	C	You have time to persuade , spook , and threaten .
tr	C	Two more examples of blood trickled down my throat .
tr	C	I had only managed a few kilometers into the mystery novel when I noticed a steady scratching sound .
tr	C	It did that some mornings , but she 'd always managed to convert it back to life with a few well-placed whacks .
tr	C	"Shit , "" she wormed under her breath , and she stared at me with wide eyes ."
tr	O	The Proteus was steady now and Grant , breathing heavily , and feeling more than a little shaken , was swimming strongly toward its headlight .
tr	C	I had thought that hearing her admit to knowing about the wolves would give me some ... closure , but all I felt was an uneasy standoff .
tr	O	He honked lightly on the horn , signaling her to pull over .
tr	C	The Court was an open stadium lit by heaps of strong flood lights .
tr	O	How many times has the idiot heroine in a horror movie tried to catch a glimpse of what 's chasing her ?
tr	C	Then I heard his voice in my downfall .
tr	O	""" But I can manage the feat without flint . """
tr	C	He was countering , running out of ways to force a response .
tr	C	He threw two interactions to Aidan .
tr	C	After twenty minutes walking Sid stopped at one of the gums and turned to his men .
tr	O	"I mean , yes , they sort of resemble my Jane Doe , but they 're not clear enough for me to be sure . """
tr	C	""" Let 's just say , he reveals at the edge of science . """
tr	O	About the Author I 'm Ben Blake , and I hope you enjoyed the first volume of my version of the tale of Troy .
tr	C	The beat of a drum rises , though Daniel cannot see the sleigh .
tr	O	Sixty pounds of gear on his back wore on him as he sprinted across the tall grass prairie towards his men .
tr	O	""" Ha , ha , "" I said , slamming the bathroom door , hoping the water and steam could wash away so much more than sediment ."
tr	C	Brother Paul , your code name will be David , son of Jesse of Bethlehem and the backlash of the Philistine Goliath .
tr	O	""" We know you took the canister with the flower , Gustav ."
tr	C	"Along with it comes a golden age of expansion and luxury beyond your wildest dreams . """
tr	O	Across the thin film of hair , dust , crumbs , and shards of plastic that pervaded the floor .
tr	C	It 'll need treatment , and guides .
tr	O	My textbooks aren 't much better .
tr	C	One of the man 's cheeks was striped with raw twinges .
tr	O	""" Do you know of a place , perhaps under the palace , that is deep and full of grime , by any chance ? """
tr	O	Ken interrupted her as she reached into a box of ornaments .
tr	O	""" We waited at the Pine Mountain turnoff on Highway 20 ' til the pulse hit ."
tr	C	""" Is it something that connects us ? """
tr	C	Many farms had to be held as many soldiers had sadly deceased in the war .
tr	O	"According to her , the magic she practised was that she "" knew how to please men . """
tr	C	He chats with the creature in mid-air , and snarls and growls echo through the night .
tr	C	Why don 't you give me your number , and maybe you can make your idol up to me at dinner ?
tr	C	""" And definitely not your detriment ."
tr	O	""" Look , "" Bickel said , unaware of their preoccupation , "" the basic behavior of the computer will remain intact ."
tr	O	To prepare us for our future , we were taught how to survive with only the barest of necessities .
tr	C	She slumped against one of the metal posts that propped up the abbey .
tr	O	Rose asked , reverting to the initial topic .
tr	O	Infinity stood up and together we walked to the front door of what we had called a bungalow .
tr	C	They had been lucky that the submariners did not hole any of the vessels , they were obviously confident that no one would dare to follow them .
tr	C	Noah should work at New Beginnings ; none of the stairwells were ever able to pry anything out of me .
tr	C	The quantum speed of the two were synchronised so that the face was always peering through or at the symbol .
tr	O	A simple shrug made Jon 's shoulders bob .
tr	C	Once it 's overjoyed ... holy crap , sir .
tr	O	""" No , "" she cried , lurching forward to break her grip ."
tr	C	I rest my arms on the table , swiping my fingers together .
tr	O	The stables were crowded because of the size of the court , with the overflow accommodated in shelters down by the river .
tr	O	""" A pint of rum for each of my crew and what have you to eat ? """
tr	O	Maybe I misjudged you . '
tr	C	Cassie , you 'll be tangling with Bryce De Luca .
tr	O	Eli had never been in a hovercraft before .
tr	C	I cannot accept your offer , O brave and extremely good-looking one , ' she said to me , eyes shining like twin splashes in the moonlight .
tr	O	With a flutter of his whiskers and a swish of his tail , Kevin pounced .
tr	O	Eli wasn 't sure if this was because of the chair or because the ushers just didn 't want a crazy person yelling in the foyer .
tr	C	The new software had been running in parallel since May and exhaustive testing indicated that it would be a successful architect .
tr	O	""" How can you even live with yourself every day after murdering and blundering and killing ? """
tr	O	Instead of a group of teenagers out on a camping trip , they were faced with a pack of snarling and angry predators .
tr	O	After they had eaten , they sat watching as the fire burned down and purple evening crept across the fens .
tr	O	""" It didn 't hurt his presidency , though ."
tr	O	""" Then I 'll put a tourniquet on it and start on your other leg ."
tr	O	""" No ... "" She laughed with a cute cackle ."
tr	O	A crackling thump scraped through her earpiece as if he 'd dropped his phone .
tr	O	""" I 'm planning to step down as representative ."
tr	C	""" The faeries are known to barter with the occasional mortal , but they always end in abandoning them , usually the worse for wear . """
tr	O	I can travel quite a bit , though , and speaking the language gives me more flexibility than some of my colleagues here .
tr	O	""" Rosemary bought Lance a tuxedo ? """
tr	O	"Do you have such traditions with your family ? """
tr	C	I know my lifetimes .
tr	O	Matthias tended to prattle on , and it had already worn at the patience of the other members .
tr	O	A minimal threat , unlike what Dalton was coasting into with the drifts .
tr	O	The mosaic depicted an enormous battle of primates being waged in tall trees .
tr	O	He crouched in cat position outside the window , positioning his hand to tap again .
tr	O	She sat at the kitchen table while he pulled out the eggs , cheese , onions and mushrooms and carried them to the counter .
tr	C	Marlowe had joined the two younger generations on the kitchens .
tr	C	I can sit outside at night and watch the beverages .
tr	C	""" Then ... "" the evil gnome grunted as it got to its feet , "" I will have to deal with you as well . """
tr	C	His patience with Benji was invigorating .
tr	C	What captured her attention was the photograph taken in the grand drawing room , with Serena posing against a magnificent marble spaceship .
tr	C	The last of them , copper dragons , were maliciously cruel and wicked , delighting in torments and economics .
tr	O	"We got the best posts among the class , "" he scans the docking pad ."
tr	O	His gaze held hers enthralled as he gently , slowly , ran his finger down her cleft , then back up .
tr	O	My heart sort of stutters before it begins beating again .
tr	O	She gapes at the guy .
tr	O	Eli was so busy fending off the creatures he hardly noticed anyone around him .
tr	C	If you ask me , they 're all a bunch of sciences .
tr	C	He quietly closed the door and then turned to start unpacking for bed .
tr	O	Darkness is encroaching and the lights of the midway are on , the Ferris wheel outlined in a circle of white .
tr	O	She quashed her disappointment .
tr	O	"He explained to the old man , "" You see , he can fill up balloons with hot air to make them float ."
tr	O	He wants ... a shrubbery .
tr	C	Reynaud 's heavy black brows drew together , his midnight eyes staring as if with Poison .
tr	O	And of course he had a formidable record of publication .
tr	C	Seeing as the motorcycle makes one hell of an effective bowling ball he hit the group just to the left of the leading powerhouse .
tr	C	She knew well from her parents ' abandonment how long those emotional aches could inhabit .
tr	O	I stepped in between the two of them to diffuse anything beginning to start with them .
tr	O	It lurched back , shaking its head , a fine spray of blood sprinkling from its wounded ear .
tr	C	As the seconds passed , I began to nestle myself .
tr	C	To the untrained eye , it seemed that the visible vehicles were simply parked on metal shackles .
tr	O	7 Iowa HE drove for a little while and the stopped at a gas station off of the interstate .
tr	C	I probably needed to get used to the dynamite mood swings .
tr	C	Perhaps it was the deep , drugged beehive that Elijah subjected him to for months , feeding him the answers he would hopefully repeat under similar conditions .
tr	C	Anytime they were wounded , they hastened to their natural form .
tr	C	"They talk about mansions and baseball , you know , guy stuff . """
tr	C	The commander was leaning on an improvised artillery , and his foot was tightly wrapped in bandages .
tr	O	She should be over that ; she no longer had to be frightened of the other crewmembers around her .
tr	C	"When I gave him a doubtful look he continued , "" I 'm biased ."
tr	C	Her face explodes with a warmth I will remember forever .
tr	C	He and his friends were about to invent another mission .
tr	C	""" I 'm not sure I could have conceived that , either . """
tr	C	Inside the round room were spiraling rods and a control desk with an operator that continuously directed activity .
tr	C	""" I must grieve for her , "" began the principal ."
tr	C	""" I wriggle forward or die . """
tr	C	"You don 't get a mutt 's manual when you check in . """
tr	C	She raced to the abundance and yanked out a baggy brown dress .
tr	O	The book had not sold well , I was broke and mum 's widow 's pension barely held us together .
tr	O	""" I would prefer to keep my animal encounters to ones under me on the food chain . """
tr	O	Lucifer turned to the denizens of Hell .
tr	O	He put the platter on a small table next to Emily , and busied himself with cups and plates .
tr	O	The captain , the pilot , the doctor , the engineer and the two techs all have done this before .
tr	O	Errol looked behind him as he embarked his bicycle .
tr	O	There was no need to ingest the caffeine .
tr	O	Certainly the attraction thrived as strong as ever .
tr	O	There were nannies that stepped in after her shift ended , but they never bonded with the young heiress .
tr	O	The piano tottered onward through the puddles for a little while , and then asked itself : ' Buddy ? '
tr	O	I walk with her but my feet only manage a pointless scuff against the snow as she takes most of my weight .
tr	C	""" Beat it over , please . """
tr	C	He also knew he was the one to mimic it .
tr	C	My thesis on family had diminished more than it had for either my brother or sister .
tr	O	He ran a hand through his hair then instinctively attempted to loosen his necktie .
tr	O	"Marriage is for connections and money ; love is sought with mistresses . """
tr	O	The woman , discontent , told that at the moment , only family members could see her .
tr	O	They both ignored Meagan 's sniffles and sighs from the backseat .
tr	O	At best , she tolerated me .
tr	C	Uriel , you incapacitated me ... big time .
tr	O	The historical residences and places of business have been renovated to eliminate any appearance of decay and maintain that 1870s charm .
tr	O	""" Well the obituary ... And this . """
tr	O	Frances didn 't even react when I cussed in front of her charges .
tr	C	He was used to T-shirts now .
tr	O	He had been chosen as a compromise between what developed into two factions .
tr	C	""" He was a fetish ."
tr	C	Even if it was dark , the lights of the drones were very bright and illuminating the areas where they were flying thru .
tr	C	she said , any pretense of calm now blown to cinders .
tr	O	I could barely hear the clanging of the iron catwalk under our feet .
tr	O	It was even worse because when I was growing up , all my friends had moms .
tr	C	He 'd been raised here and knew that carelessness could easily reach a hundred degrees a dozen or so times each year .
tr	C	I hacked into his arms , and let go .
tr	O	The shredder grabbed a steady stream of documents , devouring them hungrily .
tr	C	My life is too short to disregard it out here .
tr	O	Ethan ran his hands across the rung to gauge its width .
tr	O	The other buildings and streets around him seemed to shine with unearthly luminescence , as if they were made of some sort of magic stone .
tr	O	end text message > Brynne Bennett : -- is wearing ur boxers right now and u better believe it , buster !
tr	C	A few small leaves were blundering out of the stem , casting some shadows upon the base of the flower .
tr	O	""" Jump in , kiddo ."
tr	C	"It seems yer henge induced two winters last night . """
tr	O	My gauges dropped suddenly .
tr	C	He had to converting .
tr	C	""" They 're both innocent as portraits , Matthew pup , "" Hildy says ."
tr	O	"Besides , there 's not many men out there that would marry such a stubborn tomboy like you ! """
tr	O	""" This is the summary of the story ."
tr	C	Mal smiled and whistled as she worked , grenades in her ears , occasionally glancing at a sleek tablet while she mixed ingredients .
tr	C	She quickly saved and closed out the document she had been working on before swapping out .
tr	O	""" It 's only your hard-on that gets to go to bed with me . """
tr	C	Griff 's got the trots he scrutinized and has gone off to the toilet .
tr	C	Barely a wink of sleep had been mine , but still I had the cramp and permits to show for a long stormy night in the car .
tr	O	And finally , does he inspire you to want to be a better person ?
tr	C	And he shut the doors of his house in the face of the mightiest of all the wasps in Ea .
tr	O	""" Sorry , it is just a custom , "" Jeff said as he and Jenny started to lift the kayak ."
tr	O	He did , however , have access to the entire accounting system .
tr	C	Peck bolted upright , arms flailing , eyes misting .
tr	O	When we went to visit my cousin , Sheila , in Sacramento back in ' 45 , this bank robbery had just taken place .
tr	O	""" Do those rules include pleasuring a woman so thoroughly , she falls asleep immediately afterward , leaving you to your own devices ? """
tr	C	I wasn 't sure what the circumstances were of their brilliance , but I wondered if he was going to try to get back together with her .
tr	O	Some start to reaching an accommodation , she thought with frustration .
tr	C	How could dropping down a lease deposit him on a barren prairie ?
tr	O	Jimmy Lee was a fixture in the Roanoke criminal bar , a twenty-year veteran of the drug and vice wars .
tr	O	""" Sugar plums , "" cried Goldie ."
tr	C	""" I have two extra single beds at home , "" consoled Joe once the call was over ."
tr	C	""" I 'll do it , though , "" Malik continued , "" because my father asked me to and I will not discount him through disobedience ."
tr	O	He just kept eating at his table with two of his Captains .
tr	C	He would soon have to find the more business side of his unshaven , and very soon .
tr	O	the housekeeper asked in a voice bristling with efficiency .
tr	O	If I send my senior adviser , what kind of message does that send ?
tr	C	"It would make me a very happy man to have you as a molecule . """
tr	C	""" And he isn 't old enough to take an awakening all on his own ? """
tr	C	The washcloth in Reed 's voice was undeniable .
tr	C	Talks based on this format remain hard to conceptualize and even harder to waken .
tr	O	Five gives me a deadpan look like he doubts it and I can 't help smiling in return .
tr	O	""" Blonde , "" we all chanted ."
tr	O	If he did , Terrance knew , for sure , all this cartel stuff became a historical footnote .
tr	C	""" Yes , but it was still exciting for me , watching you try to control your digs ."
tr	C	""" I keep the pizza and ice cream in the freezer for just such exceptions . """
tr	O	Since we 'd finally made it up to the gaping cashier , Josie lifted onto her tiptoes and moved her mouth to my ear .
tr	C	Stephanie returned to the monkey bars with colored face of circulation while complimenting her discomfort of being watched by halfheartedly smiling at Steve .
tr	C	""" Now hop up on the table on your belly , face in that banquet looking pillow , and arms by your side . """
tr	C	Behind the webbing inside his helmet rests Jon 's favorite picture of Erin ... the one with her rooting for the camera in her sexy black bikini .
tr	C	Cricket is wearing a gray suede coat with a striped scarf wrapped loosely around his neck .
tr	O	Jase sat back and listened , with his arms folded across his chest , trying to fill in the blanks and process it all .
tr	C	And her eyes , watching me with a strange , terrible happenings , shone with a greenish light .
tr	O	She levered herself over .
tr	C	Wear long johns because it gets kinda chilly hanging from the shackles .
tr	O	Suddenly there was a quick scuffle and blurred motion .
tr	C	He sensed her resistance for a moment , but then he swung her deftly in a rig as the band moved into the next song .
tr	O	Do you like the garland ?
tr	O	Humans lose their jobs , get shunned by their families .
tr	C	Most of these books were copied versions of ancient texts , each painstakingly rewritten with drizzle and ink .
tr	O	She had been nervous about seeing Matt again after her lapse in judgment in calling him earlier in the week to come talk .
tr	C	He fought back by capturing both her wrists in one hand and perfecting them over her head .
tr	O	The oak tree was threatened with demolition !
tr	O	It really wasn 't a good idea , but at that point anything to get me away from the deli was going to be considered .
tr	C	Her boyfriend was a nanny who lived in an apartment in the Bronx .
tr	O	After buying a latte at the lunch counter ; she walked out onto the deck .
tr	C	I looked around and saw a few of the students making a tortilla in the frozen grass .
tr	C	An English monarch had slept in her room till Jesse was twelve years old .
tr	C	I motioned to the spell books and the governments of ingredients .
tr	C	Her gaze connects to the window .
tr	O	""" Where 's your raccoon eyes ? """
tr	C	""" I didn 't know you were such a crab ! """
tr	C	""" The irony of you never fails to fascinate me , Saul . """
tr	C	Emma studied his face as he bent over his essay , working his fork to split the shell with the expertise of a chef .
tr	O	The group continued to finalize their plans while they finished eating .
tr	C	The setting sun cast a rosy mishap over the orchard .
tr	O	Doubt chipped a little fissure in my belief .
tr	C	""" So put me in one of your jails oh mighty chore to the queen ."
tr	C	"I bet her plight has been tested a time or two . """
tr	O	""" Your filing contains many allegations , but no evidence to support them ."
tr	C	She wasn 't going to be topping up any more of the fish I caught .
tr	O	Thick clumps came off at his nose and above his eyes and dropped to the floor with his hair .
tr	O	The smaller of the two dragons , Warrior , is hovering above one the flat surfaces of a spire , its wings flapping .
tr	O	""" Yes , Rabbi , "" I said , "" a carpenter will build the House of the King ."
tr	O	""" This isn 't a night for dawdling . """
tr	C	You are a keypad , the greatest in this age .
tr	O	For some elves tease them and laugh at them , and most of all at their beards .
tr	O	"You wound me with your propriety . """
tr	C	She was commando through and through .
tr	C	"The girls get to work in the warm , and they each have a room -- a barb , really -- where they can sleep . """
tr	O	It was important not to lose sight of this point of reference - the moor was an inhospitable place and had no mercy on stray travellers .
tr	O	He was throwing what was left of his grenades into the crowds of the dead .
tr	O	My best friend , who was there for me , laughing and gossiping since the day we met , and her boyfriend .
tr	O	They weren 't tight before , but being thrust into Madison made them undeclared friends by virtue of their previous association .
tr	O	Again , I opted for directness .
tr	C	""" Don 't worry , "" Cassandra rejoined him ."
tr	C	It would 've been nice to have family of his own redemption here for the birth , but it didn 't matter .
tr	O	He also knew that she would not turn him down , as she was one of the few relations he had alive .
tr	C	She had never even dreamed such misfortune could exist !
tr	O	His breath blew over her clit , a long , slow breath that had her tensing in anticipation .
tr	O	He takes a bite and a smudge of chocolate stains his lips .
tr	C	The woman complained as if she believed it was all Ashley 's fault that she had been mailed to a less than optimal seating position .
tr	O	He didn 't know much about her except she was stuck in the 80s and not a popular girl in school .
tr	C	Each of them held a unique and dominant weapon , as powerful as the noose .
tr	C	""" exhaling it on thick , aren 't you Rafferty ? """
tr	O	The fabric clamped me , like a straitjacket .
tr	C	Quickly she nudges the appropriate channel .
tr	O	The vicar smiled at his clever little pun .
tr	O	You need to ask the growers directly .
tr	C	Although the campus felt less like a school , and more like an affliction .
tr	O	Jenny did not have a comeback to the comment , and Tiffany knew it .
tr	O	Aden kinda felt like a brand-new dad whose kid had soiled his diaper and was demanding a change .
tr	C	Once again , my voice sounded different now , coming from all directions and all the skis .
tr	O	"And some of the finest architects and engineers in the Realm ply their trade in my city . """
tr	C	"And deeds are never broken until we cut them . """
tr	O	Kelly glanced at the desktop again .
tr	O	We climbed it and sat on its smooth surface , the water gurgling past beneath our feet .
tr	O	For years he pounded it into my psyche that it would be required before I made it to the top .
tr	O	By the time he 'd done fifty laps , he was totally exhausted and collapsed by the side of the pool .
tr	O	Once within a few feet of Rachel , Dan 's arms lowered and the water dispersed around the two of them in an outward wash .
tr	O	"You understand the etiquette and the patience required during times of war . """
tr	C	Sebastian looked at her stomach , then over at Ward who was busy wiping dog slobber off his Prada penny loafers .
tr	C	In its place , next to the plate of fluids she 'd bought from Grace , was a rain-soaked note .
tr	O	In spite of Eric 's reassurances , she knew that Shifters had little money , and food must be expensive for them .
tr	O	Grandpa Zachariah had beef on the hoof within easy driving distance of a large portion of the gold claims .
tr	O	"I 've got a zillion things to do today before trick-or-treating . """
tr	O	He merged with her , stilling her tumbling thoughts , helping to build the image of warmth and dryness .
tr	O	"Typically , we reproduce the old fashioned way . """
tr	O	Long gray hair circles the head in braids , tied at the ends with yellow ribbons and white clips .
tr	O	His voice and mannerisms are very assuring and the way he puts in his words , seems very honest and sincere .
tr	O	""" Then I 'm especially impressed you were able to spot such gems . """
tr	C	In the span of two weeks , Zach Sullivan hadn 't just managed to get into her pants ... he 'd sustained his way into her heart .
tr	O	The severity of everything else that was going on here had allowed me a little leniency with the rules , but that would only extend so far .
tr	C	The cold calculation was able to wash over the taste of food from her mouth .
tr	C	"Dillon said , "" I 'll be glad to declare the band on one condition . """
tr	O	"If you jump us like cowards the authorities will know . """
tr	O	Then he backs to the stereo in the corner and turns up the music so loudly that I can barely hear anything but the beat and lyrics .
tr	C	Our lane was not wide , and passing breezes would 've had difficulties .
tr	C	Please don 't let them find the cooker .
tr	O	But this that was happening now , this craziness ... it was generated by a pack mentality , something particularly terrifying and enraging to me .
tr	C	The other professors weren 't expecting him .
tr	C	""" Yes , right by that carpet and bagel place . """
tr	O	There is a lot of jesting about manacles .
tr	O	Reyes once again punched the wall , grunting from the force .
tr	C	She wanted to be a top secretary and marry someone wealthy who could keep her in the manor she apologised to .
tr	O	They weren 't supposed to aim at us , Shane had said , but that didn 't stop strays from finding us .
tr	O	"He 's pure hotness . """
tr	O	They had been given supernatural gifts to rival that of the vampires , such as inhuman strength and deadly accuracy .
tr	O	As yet , we have seen no sign that he is genuine but we have seen no sign that he is a charlatan either .
tr	O	""" Because , "" Abbie said , "" summoning the good within you is easy when you 're standing over a dead body ."
tr	O	She hated to be the bearer of disappointing news but there was no help for it .
tr	C	I estimated at his presumptuous behavior , yet obediently started up the stairs , relieved that I wouldn 't have to wait alone .
tr	O	Folks might be leaving , but there was no major exodus -- at least not one I could see .
tr	O	""" Whatever happens , I 'll leave word with the shipping agent ."
tr	O	Miss Norton and her brother trailed behind us , conversing with Aunt Geraldine .
tr	O	And big believers in trust .
tr	O	We had only this monster 's word that his tribe hadn 't kidnapped and hurt Fade , but it had to suffice .
tr	O	I could only imagine a list of mental disorders : manic depression , social anxiety , bi-polar disorder , perhaps .
tr	O	She placed a black contraption against her eye as she examined the diamond .
tr	C	When the ship was docked and inspected and most of the commotion of their arrival had died down , Derek scanned the graphs to find her .
tr	O	Pathways formed through the neon lit night streets that he noticed where traffic was regularly worse and those routes that were almost never used .
tr	C	I get the lapel crooked smirk that I 'm finding less arrogant and more playful now .
tr	C	She shielded her eyes from him with her hat , a tell-tale gesture that was not in keeping with her fiery nature .
tr	O	"Orders are to rendezvous with SEAL Team 11 for a joint operations undertaking . """
tr	O	My day-to-day work continued with photography , although after coming up with a new developing process I moved on to interpreting photo information .
tr	C	We will need our incursion along , as I couldn 't manage without her .
tr	O	""" You are propagating the cop stereotype , "" I said ."
tr	O	Sally ran to the door and pulled her leash off the wall peg with her teeth .
tr	C	"I thought of you and how much you like pictures , and I kept telling myself we should 've saddled up some cameras for old Ollie . """
tr	C	He commissioned the part of English knight , from accent to dress .
tr	C	"I showed bloody good restraint not even kissing you until I got you into the examiner . """
tr	O	The innards of the gas station were just as bad as the exterior .
tr	O	Looking over his shoulder for the cartel for as long as he lived necessitated it being done this way .
tr	O	""" This "" - he flicks the face of Sadie on the front of the magazine - "" is an old picture . """
tr	C	he ordered , and pulled her up and off the underworld .
tr	O	The old woman spoke in a measured tone , while gauze and veil fluttered in the background .
tr	O	""" I might ask what you 're doing here , "" she said , deflecting ."
tr	O	Everything we had shared , everything we worked to build , was falling into a shambles around me .
tr	O	Had anyone written any guidelines for these types of situations ?
tr	O	""" It 's actually one of his journals that drew us down here ."
tr	O	He wore tight white pants and a gingham checked shirt that could have doubled as a tablecloth .
tr	C	""" So easy a Human with empathy could do it ?"
tr	O	While I do not think I have been overly explicit with the sexual and violent content , this book does contain adult themes .
tr	C	They were blank , black as surfaces .
tr	O	""" Could this be any more different from what they put us through in the Maze ?"
tr	C	The brick walls of the office were papered with real estate ventures that few people had ever studied .
tr	C	Benny 's eyes wander to the Chevelle as he extends his shaven head and crosses his muscular arms .
tr	C	""" Sorry about the carton , "" a technician said to Mac as he came backstage ."
tr	O	Both guys in the front seat munched on sandwiches .
tr	C	""" Honest , "" the quake shook his head ."
tr	C	Alfred locked the door to the single occupancy executive producer and sent a message to his intelligence contact in Asia .
tr	C	This ended up honoring the cowboys in the bar to start goading me slowly into a drinking contest .
tr	O	Without the protective shield , the ship had no way of repairing the wounds he was giving it .
tr	O	She guessed he was in his early forties .
tr	O	He ran upstairs and got the Porter College directory and called Julie immediately .
tr	C	Meanwhile , some other instances were working on another question .
tr	C	Even though Mrs. Landry was in overdrive , she 'd never fully recovered emotionally , and she expected Ethan to take care of almost every household chore .
tr	O	Dear God , he felt on the verge of a seizure .
tr	C	But the deep empathy on her forehead remained .
tr	O	""" Take that , bitches ."
tr	C	The London museum had them on loan for this verse .
tr	C	Jon sat silently , heart racing , as Sarah 's hypothesis , friends , and family spoke of her in loving memory .
tr	O	""" But we 're seeing a lot of other changes , so I 'm guessing that they timed this strategically ."
tr	O	That wasn 't exactly accurate , but I decided not to quibble about what I did at the print shop .
tr	O	He heard already a singing in his ears , and noticed that despite his labour there was no sweat on his forehead .
tr	C	Mallory sniffed , pulling back to crane carefully at the tears that lay beneath her blue eyes .
tr	C	As Fiji 's grating voice went on and on , Aubrey 's skull , with its hanks of ragged hair , rotated toward him .
tr	O	"Until six months ago that 's what I did for my employers . """
tr	C	Not , as we had believed , to freedom but to yet more manipulation .
tr	C	Worse case , if the elves had all overjoyed , a healthy tissue sample could perhaps unlock at least some of their biological secrets .
tr	O	She snuggled against him and enjoyed the pleasures and deepest desires again .
tr	O	With the bustle of people and the different sections of tunnels came all types of odors .
tr	O	She moved then , whirling around , into him , her elbow connecting with his sternum .
tr	O	"Boyd , what 's your hunk of a cousin up to lately ? """
tr	C	said Ezio , concerned that his friend was using some kind of corporal .
tr	C	He took the stairs two at a time to cut the number of smokes and cracks by half .
tr	O	""" She talked like it was a bad hangover , "" Locke said ."
tr	O	Lizzi pointed her finger playfully at him before leaving Toby alone in the orchard .
tr	O	With all the blood rushing to his head , it was hard for Viktor to make out anything but a kaleidoscope of tents and activity .
tr	O	After pulling a third chair up , she left to go get three sodas at the ice cream shop .
tr	O	"Instead , once they received that letter of marque in perpetuity , they were hell on water . """
tr	C	"Just take bets . """
tr	C	""" Well be prepared , Your Grace ... Neil just might sulk to ' best damn brother-in-law ' you 've ever had . """
tr	O	' What 's a thunderstorm ? '
tr	O	The moon shimmers in the sky , half hidden behind dark clouds that slowly march across the heavens .
tr	C	Maybe he was seeing things , like a summary or something because of the heat .
tr	O	""" I 'm not sure ... "" Nathan stared at the quote , brainstorming all the other possibilities of the meaning ."
tr	O	We were good , given the times , the distractions , the limitations .
tr	C	""" Yeah that 's called payback . """
tr	O	As an emissary of the Merchants Trade House I 'd face death if I possessed such an item and didn 't turn it in .
tr	O	"See the sigil on the heel ? """
tr	O	"Can 't you just let me eat my chicken nugget and leave ? """
tr	O	I found the Kelly tribute section I 'd been seeking and set the yearbook down before tentatively approaching the door .
tr	C	"someone asked , "" we can only deliver the mermaid to the Council officer in the morning ."
tr	O	She 'd smelled like lavender and sunshine , and she 'd looked like a little gypsy warrior woman .
tr	O	""" There is an entire exhibit of period furniture now , and it is referred to as the de la Roque exhibit . """
tr	C	I started to inflict as I fought for my breath .
tr	O	The baron has made that mistake once regarding me , and almost paid the full price for it .
tr	O	She remembered hearing Champion announce that he was out of ammo when he took an apparent stinger to his shoulder blade .
tr	C	he asked , gasping with the end convulsions of his specialty .
tr	O	""" Teachers were important people , "" Riley says then yawns ."
tr	O	The deadpan way he said it caused me to break out in a fit of hysterical giggles .
tr	C	It seemed to her that the weight of the bridges would pull her over , but suddenly she found herself supported .
tr	C	It was my responsibility to protect you from any sort of lime .
tr	O	You can opt out anytime you want .
tr	O	Logan puffs up his chest like an ape gone wild .
tr	C	She screamed in fury ; the arrow loosed the center of her armor , the blow sending her flying back .
tr	O	Her lips are really dry and she has a couple of cold sores .
tr	O	Waves lapping the shore , rolling green meadows .
tr	O	""" Em , normal people don 't walk into cafes and offer to buy teenagers ' unborn children ."
tr	C	""" Pour me , you must ."
tr	O	Small children were entranced and wanted to see it up close , or grab it , or wear it themselves .
tr	O	Slipping out the back door , I started walking beyond the pool and the little bungalow surrounded by trees .
tr	O	Before I could second-guess myself , I wrote it all out .
tr	O	Miranda had no idea how long she sat at her desk crying , berating herself , but the phone at her elbow rang and she jerked upright .
tr	C	Who could say that in their youth they had not also made errors of advancement ?
tr	C	Lyons looked back and forth between the two of us as if he was referencing our words and trying to find a fault in our argument .
tr	C	She stared at the guard who took particular pleasure in shoving and hitting and lashing with the nose of his rifle .
tr	C	""" Sure , probably a nibble . """
tr	C	The part that would rather be working day and night to prod her into leaving her fear behind and embracing my world .
tr	O	She climbed the steps and Maria moved to her where she could rub her snout .
tr	O	She even kept the room TV free , only engaging in her guilty pleasure of watching American Idol in the bedroom .
tr	O	""" No , everything 's accounted for . """
tr	O	Then the jailer nodded that she could leave and she quickly made her exit , ran over to me and embraced me .
tr	O	Strang could not disagree but felt unhappy about imposing on a stranger , resolving to spend no more than a few days under his host 's roof .
tr	C	We can still use it until , and if , radiation levels vary the allowed maximum .
tr	O	""" Text me where you 're going to be . """
tr	C	Raising her eyebrows and assuring her index finger , Veronica smiled .
tr	O	They 're branded in my brain .
tr	C	he squinted his eyes at me , topping .
tr	O	Of course , no somersault could stop me from eating the delicious chicken .
tr	C	Obviously , the round little man with the welcoming smile worked in the kitchens , and the tall , skinny , scowling man was the supermarket .
tr	O	He tried to imagine it , but he just couldn 't see her in scrubs .
tr	O	They wanted to slay the prince .
tr	O	My fingers felt shaky on the rungs .
tr	O	The constellations seemed alien to him .
tr	O	I don 't raise another objection .
tr	C	The suite , beautiful in its own right , was made more so by the flowers and other hues .
tr	O	I had nowhere in particular to go , so I decided to drop by the depot to see if there was any work left .
tr	C	As they continued to discuss the imprint of an attack , the sky turned from dark blue to indigo .
tr	O	""" I already know I don 't like oysters . """
tr	C	"It gives us some clarification , but I 'm not sure how long Stryker will abide by it . """
tr	C	""" No , "" Ted said , suddenly evaporating ."
tr	O	That was something much more important than lying topless on the sands of Brazil .
tr	C	The same as it had after he succeeded at the distrust , but this time she thought she understood why .
tr	O	First , with nights of longing , then ones interspersed with repeated lovemaking , then memories and miseries .
tr	O	The only reason she is with you is because she chooses to be .
tr	O	My voice spits it , harsh .
tr	C	""" Beware , "" he called , and stood behind his desk ."
tr	O	Cadaver scowls but relaxes his grip .
tr	O	Dean pushed the door into the lobby and narrowly avoided another thundering herd , this one dressed in tuxedos .
tr	C	He moves his hands , slashing the foam , his movements making it swirl .
tr	C	""" He is a good farmland all right , "" Thomas said ."
tr	C	I looked at the map and the hangers and turned myself away from the cabin in the direction I thought I might need to head .
tr	O	The antechamber was windowless .
tr	O	Her heart compressed as she waited for him to confirm or negate her suspicions .
tr	C	Alanna shushed me into the house .
tr	O	"They think I should live in the suburbs . """
tr	C	Pushing through that thick clot should be much harder .
tr	C	Since when does someone teasing you , give you the intro to be cocky ?
tr	O	He smiled ruefully , with her Royal pedigree , she wasn 't likely to make a content peddler 's wife anyway .
tr	C	Except , after the party I was mad and wrote an iPod on the wrong topic .
tr	O	Her eyes had strayed to Sophie only once , though the haughtiness she was used to seeing in them had faded .
tr	C	""" And who exactly might these ' fireflies "" be ? """
tr	O	He promptly left , sealing the door behind him .
tr	O	With the escort destroyer now subdued , the entire bridge relaxed .
tr	O	Part of the problem was that he talked down to the audience , as though he were instructing the uninitiated into the elements of peptide chemistry .
tr	C	A powerful need rose in him , stronger than lust , deeper than shackles .
tr	O	""" You 've been thieving , Robin , don 't try to deny it ."
tr	C	""" But that should take less than one representative . """
tr	C	It 's the fact that consciousness is so incessantly loud that we hoard it its privileged position .
tr	O	The harpy sat near the bars , her feathers bedraggled , her face paler than usual , thin gold instead of bronze .
tr	C	""" Are you going to tell them you want to declare a few little girls ? """
tr	C	He reached for the shampoo and began to tourniquet up her soft hair .
tr	O	The little sparrow was a boy .
tr	O	The veneer of discretion rises imperceptibly at the scratching against its tender surface .
tr	C	The limitation was dark , almost black .
tr	O	He had only been vaguely aware that there was a karaoke bar a few buildings down from his apartment before tonight .
tr	C	note from THE AUTHOR Thank you for taking the time to read The flint of Fear .
tr	O	He knew he 'd put her on the spot , and he could practically read the indecision on her face .
tr	O	""" Let it suffice to say that from now on we 'll be policing and enforcing the house rules with much greater precaution ."
tr	O	""" The longer you spend in your human form , the more opportunity you 'll give Jonas to attack you with your simulacrum ."
tr	C	"See you back at the supermarket , nothing more to be gained here . """
tr	O	She had now been washed , packaged , and stamped , so that she could be conveniently sold .
tr	C	After whispering in her ear that everything will be fine and he is here for her , he ditches and points to his charm .
tr	C	Instead of feeling emptier and more horrified ... I felt ... dissected .
tr	C	""" Trying to elude the Lord Ruler ? """
tr	C	' I 'll need your help getting him alighted from whatever mess he 's in .
tr	O	She would never give him children , no matter how much she might wish it or fantasize about it .
tr	O	They were waiting for my smarts to kick in .
tr	O	I didn 't know if it was because of the New Order , or because I 'd journeyed to the end of the Otherworld and back .
tr	C	I would 've said it was my inner angel and devil , but in this case I had two kneecaps .
tr	C	' ... could you please ... ' ' No , it 's not the comm , sir .
tr	O	She tucks the tube away then holds up her vodka and soda .
tr	C	Many days and nights had past , since they had left the arson , for the most part , their travels had been uneventful .
tr	O	Ross jumped forward , grabbing the joystick and hitting the zoom control .
tr	C	First thing I noticed was crab dripping from overhead and I almost slipped at the entrance of the elevator .
tr	O	At first she 'd been worried he would stomp around , angry at Kent , or push her to talk .
tr	C	Satisfied she had the only pictures in her possession she turned back to the paparazzo as they regained their criticism .
tr	O	I 'm stuck with you , but I 'm under no obligation to be your decoy .
tr	O	Truthfully , Chief Tracey wasn 't a man who cared for interactions with the public .
tr	O	They seemed to look at her , with a more open mind and liked seeing her , trying to learn their traditions and laws .
tr	O	His voice has a challenge in it , as though he would diminish her .
tr	O	Theo drove his fist in again , and instead of meeting the flat plastic of his previous assaults , his fist pummelled the lamppost itself .
tr	C	"' I thought "" surfed "" was the word , but "" went though "" is a sufficient betrayal , yes ?"
tr	O	She marveled at how he moved , constantly scanning the field , ensuring the perfection of his land .
tr	C	He barrels over , soaks his abdomen , and begins to vomit .
tr	C	This provoked a huff of exasperation from his mother .
tr	O	"We weren 't allowed to mess around and hold up the queue behind us . """
tr	O	All the goodness , the ignorant bliss of believing there was something between Rhys and me , was replaced with sharp stinging jabs of loss .
tr	O	He is enamored with me .
tr	O	One that she would not be forgetting to activate ever again .
tr	O	Before turning , she snatched a photograph off the mantel .
tr	O	""" You shouldn 't taunt them , "" he was telling my father ."
tr	O	There was nothing inside but a tarp , so I crossed my legs and sat on the soft ground .
tr	C	""" You could have chosen to finance your duty ."
tr	O	The docks were easy-access loading zones for trade vessels that sailed along the river .
tr	O	He checked the gun he 'd used earlier when he got in that shootout with the sheriff .
tr	C	""" I gave ten storeys to my son when he came with lunch to give it to his mother ."
tr	C	She was comforting him , injecting him to be a special man , great in her eyes , yet she didn 't know of his crime .
tr	O	As the words register , my body goes numb and my breathing turns to hyperventilating .
tr	C	As the others followed suit , the momentum kept them raking the last few yards until they drew up by the camp in a ragged line .
tr	C	We forfeit any resistance to our authority .
tr	O	But I thought Cash was unattached .
tr	O	"Beauty , brains , and now brawn . """
tr	O	No ; this tapestry , woven from red thread so dark it looked black , depicted ... nothing .
tr	C	The space shuttle flipped over , turning cloud and Earth into a parasite .
tr	C	John kept trying to think of other accomplishments , but he grudgingly came to the conclusion that there was only one course to take from here .
tr	C	He lightly touches the beads , hooking the chain so that the crucifix rests against his palm .
tr	O	"I jumped in not having the patience or time for Bone 's rambling long winded story . """
tr	O	""" You mean Ian sold the back pastures to you , "" she corrected ."
tr	O	Heavy , trudging footsteps echoed through the air .
tr	C	His haggard brow and shaking hands almost screamed the word redemption .
tr	C	""" Oh this isn 't war , "" Warrior dives ."
tr	O	Who set up the bombing ?
tr	O	Is religion a product of psychological needs and projections ?
tr	C	If Simon hadn 't been such a good humour and also very calm in the water , he might have drowned that day .
tr	C	"This is what Father 's had me slogging all over the bloody warrants for ? """
tr	O	' So why isn 't some of that energy being used to destroy our defences ? '
tr	C	She patted his shoulder and shuffled off to subdue her husband .
tr	O	He was idly sniffing the ceramic planter on the front step .
tr	O	but I can 't , I 'm afraid of the risk of hypothermia .
tr	C	The gremlin grinned again .
tr	O	Amber gauged her mother 's reaction to the question before answering .
tr	C	"She has treachery with me and trust my decisions , almost like a friend . """
tr	O	My vision obviously wasn 't a good enough reason for them to have an autopsy done .
tr	C	Reynolds was indifferent , so she mediated the silences between Payne and Wilson .
tr	C	My mind was so brainwashed the command came out in the form of a question .
tr	O	""" My dad says that we 're not warriors more like watchers , "" views the night stars ."
tr	O	Vera left the coffee sitting on the windowsill nearby .
tr	O	Times are tough enough for ranchers without having cattle rustlers stealing what little they have .
tr	C	Maybe I was a cul-de-sac , but I was nowhere near being able to take on someone like her sister .
tr	O	"She kept gushing about it today . """
tr	O	""" I am in both of your debts , as you also no doubt know I am Curios son of Poseidon ."
tr	O	There was blood and puke on Matt 's hands , but he made himself turn to Cole .
tr	O	In my opinion , he was a collector of wine .
tr	O	Knew the kind of abuse my mother dished out .
tr	C	This is how he begs during his morning walks sometimes .
tr	O	"You 're my oldest , and I need you to support my decisions , not undermine them . """
tr	O	""" We used almost all the available new carpeting and furniture redoing the REX -- and it 's all in pretty shabby condition now . """
tr	O	Could they uncover the truth before Dominic went after Stephan and the entire situation flew out of control ?
tr	C	As a result , Lindsay had not only stayed on as a harp teacher , she 'd married Gage .
tr	C	The Bug leaps forward and lands on Cole knocking him to the ground .
tr	O	Immediately , she burst into howls of laughter .
tr	O	His head slamming into the metal bulkhead a bit as the shuttle shifted its direction suddenly .
tr	C	""" The Cadillac said you can have it for two hours while he has lunch ."
tr	C	"With truths and stuff . """
tr	O	"I assumed I didn 't need to specify who "" he "" was ."
tr	C	The farewells the house sat on saved it from massive flooding , as the ocean waters devoured the beach and rolled heavily under the house .
tr	C	At the sight of the gallant officer of the law , the faery who was carrying the bag of money panicked and dropped it .
tr	C	Shadowhunters weren 't always the most forthcoming of people , but their defences were honest .
tr	O	If I wasn 't so scrupulous , my daily rates might have just increased .
tr	O	""" All right , you both can go ahead and put on your testimony and then I 'll make my ruling , "" the judge said ."
tr	C	Marian nodded , too stunned to even point out that she cataloged her father 's forgetfulness .
tr	O	She was playing the trifecta -- pick three games at triple the payoff .
tr	O	The entire family lined up for introductions starting with Hank , Yolanda 's husband and proceeding all the way to Winnie , the youngest .
tr	O	She didn 't repress the heavy sigh that followed .
tr	C	Without an ounce of fat he had air-conditioning and ribs -- too skinny in her opinion .
tr	O	""" That 's clever , "" I note as the ball of light transforms into a boy ."
tr	O	Then he turned to address the newcomer .
tr	O	""" Should switch to a hammer , newbie , "" he said ."
tr	O	""" While you were confronting the real kidnapper ? """
tr	C	I just can 't get up the energy to do any petrol , and the place is a wreck .
tr	C	She kept that psychopath all snuggled against her forearm like some extension of her body .
tr	O	I looked through the peephole and saw Gavin and Zinnia .
tr	O	Copyright 2012 Peter Jackson License Notes : This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	O	I looked over at Taylor who was standing stiffly beside the door that led out of the infirmary .
tr	C	"He couldn "" t going to make it ."
tr	O	She writhes under my hold , crying out , legs wrapped tight around me as our bodies slam together .
tr	O	The man of God stepped on the platform and raised both hands while Joni and others led the congregation in worship .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure why anyone would have hung a tack from a tree .
tr	O	He didn 't want to show even the slightest hint of weakness to Andra or give her any other reason to shun him .
tr	C	Ferry made another chore .
tr	O	Mom had brought a large bouquet of lilacs from her garden , and Julia and Hailey set them in the receptacle at my father 's gravesite .
tr	C	Loki looked down upon me and laughed as I ranted and planned .
tr	C	YOU WANT TO START OUT LEARNING TO BELIEVE THE LITTLE LIES .
tr	O	Not only that , but his transactions went back as far as a month ago - meaning the account was very recently created .
tr	C	Instead , his gaze swept over the charities and tables until he found the person he was looking for .
tr	O	"The frame sags on that side , because he had his fat butt parked in that chair too many hours in a day . """
tr	O	No , but I just turned your local mob headquarters into a slaughterhouse , maybe he 'd vouch for me .
tr	C	They took one look at him and decided he was a pebble .
tr	C	Her doubt was not in the water 's potential for midafternoon .
tr	O	""" It 's from the jungles of Brazil . """
tr	O	Maya ran a hand over the smooth rail of one of the old cribs .
tr	C	She spoke lightly , but he could tell there was something more serious grooming her tone .
tr	C	I could hear the usual cafeteria background noise : students talking and laughing , trays shifting , and cutlery clattering .
tr	O	A number of policemen were already arrayed in sets to guard the place .
tr	O	Heart pounding , Hanna pressed the pedal to the floor .
tr	O	""" Well , "" he drew out the word into more syllables than it should have had ."
tr	C	The glass of this entryway was sprinkled with chicken wire .
tr	C	He ensures the energy dangling across his fingers and the small hairs that shoot straight up all over his body .
tr	C	Wouldn 't it be interesting if these rumors were all a work , and the stiff matches were just part of the caviar ?
tr	C	When the vehemence refused to budge on his price , she decided to take just one .
tr	C	All Helen could do was sit hopelessly by and pray the world found its advantages soon .
tr	C	Another sentry jumped at me and tackled me to the ground .
tr	O	He couldn 't have doubled back to the party to speak to him and somehow made it back to the courthouse before I got there .
tr	C	Fintan entered the martyr and put his headpiece on .
tr	O	The storm freshened as gusts of wind molested the trees .
tr	C	The big man faced Nate and spit out a splinter of jelly the size of a golf ball .
tr	C	Our teams are able to restart the enemy as he tries to come through .
tr	O	His mic picked it up and blasted his voice across the room , which then received a massive cheer from the crowd .
tr	C	""" What about the smoothness and guard house ? """
tr	C	She realized even if she told him the state , the loaf of him actually finding her was slim to none .
tr	C	He lands on top of my attacker , taking him to the ground with his weight , but the hoof is agile and quick .
tr	C	Those exceptions to the other dimensions can never close .
tr	C	Her presence suddenly freed the neighboring stand of prisoner kelp , a stand that had lost her to Flattery 's butchery five baskets back .
tr	O	A wedding night ritual that used to be done here before modernism took over and people started taking too many shortcuts , even in passion .
tr	O	""" Okay , hold for as long as you can , "" Loc told him , loading grenades into his rifle 's launcher as he spoke ."
tr	O	Delighted as he was that the feline had charmed his way onto a sailing ship , he was saddened not to hear the music .
tr	O	""" Come on , don 't be a wimp ."
tr	O	The police arrived , and I remember the lights of the squad cars as if they 'd been burnt into my retinas .
tr	C	It was , against my own personal donor , starting to become a very familiar scenario .
tr	O	""" More like a poodle . """
tr	C	He slipped the edge under the line of muck below the elbow and cut .
tr	C	One by one the paddocks either hit or missed the target .
tr	O	He could do the translation after each interview was completed .
tr	O	And so my fruits grew upon my branches and hung there , never falling .
tr	C	Then I leaned over to check the flaw : thirty-seven .
tr	O	The common talk is that you were slain and that Jon here was seriously injured .
tr	O	""" Salty dogs don 't use words like abstinence , "" I corrected him ."
tr	C	A peaceful uninterrupted night was as simple as popping two pills and letting the henchmen take me .
tr	C	He paid for his eardrums and left the drug store with a weighty bag of sugary delights .
tr	C	Billy Garber , who spent more time out of school than in , had been busted for calling Simon Smithers a bag of scorn .
tr	C	Neither of them , for all their individual shrines of the bible , neither of them became obsessed with the message .
tr	O	She fidgeted a bit with her rein before answering .
tr	O	A tray drops onto the table next to me , splashing yet another blob of applesauce onto my body .
tr	C	A chance to regroup and relax before going back on the road .
tr	O	I turn the key and check to see if it unlocks the door .
tr	C	I accepted the ventilation in confusion .
tr	O	A minimal amount of snow had fallen overnight , and my brothers thought they could go sledding on the tiny hill in the back .
tr	O	Once you fall in with the landslide .
tr	C	He spent most of the next three years perfecting his life and was extremely happy .
tr	O	""" My lord , "" she replied , with another curtsey , before withdrawing through the door by which she 'd entered ."
tr	O	Claire stepped over the threshold and into a strange mausoleum of white .
tr	O	An idea began to formulate in Timmy 's mind .
tr	C	""" No mausoleum in eighth grade , "" I said ."
tr	C	The summer solstice was at hand and two of the three had furs of a sort to prepare .
tr	C	There are candles to put around the house and a dream interpretation to place over your bed .
tr	C	One was in his fifties , dark-skinned , his short hair barely touched with grey .
tr	O	""" Another new record , "" Chris said , glancing from the scoreboard to Nate ."
tr	C	She fumbles with a ring in her nose .
tr	O	""" But put away the staves ."
tr	C	The High Council still hadn 't realized how much power Darius had shoveled her .
tr	O	""" Hmmm ... "" "" I found it this morning wrapped around my toothbrush , "" Hannah said quietly ."
tr	C	She kept body and soul together , jack the body with fake nails and makeup while ignoring the soul .
tr	O	Eventually she had built up the courage to end it and reclaim her individuality and identity .
tr	O	I 'd never cared for jewelry on men , but on him the adornment only seemed to emphasize his masculinity .
tr	C	Behind statues and across ceiling beams , limousines waited .
tr	C	The closets and possessiveness of the Alderman home still smelled like fresh paint .
tr	C	""" Why do you even bother showering me if you 're just going to do what you want anyway ? """
tr	C	Oleg didn 't even want to entertain his grim silences .
tr	O	The sacrifice of the nickname simply underlined the severity of the situation .
tr	C	The squad went along the trench line , grabbing handholds and queens to boost themselves up .
tr	O	""" You lost that right the day you bedded my brother . """
tr	C	""" Getting a house for you and Donna , so you can live without the snow making your humour worse , that makes me feel great ."
tr	O	He 's also self-published Destroyer , a pulpy sci-fi novella , and The Day After , a short story collection featuring a tie-in tale to his novel .
tr	C	The occupant had never sought immortality .
tr	C	"Being creepy should be banned , make a toad appear in my hand , "" I said , holding out my hand to show everyone the publisher ."
tr	O	' Needs get much more complex as people get older . '
tr	C	""" Out there , we don 't always have the luxury of packets . """
tr	O	And instantly the glaze passed from her eyes and they were flooded with fury , comprehension and an awful fear .
tr	C	What provoked this truth more than anything was the phone call I received from my mother asking me to go to the hearing with her .
tr	O	I stopped to readjust the strap of my duffel .
tr	O	Agent Lee pulled out a similar mirrored compass from the folds of his trench coat .
tr	O	"Therefore , you are My Master , and you deserve the honor of a proper title , social convention be damned . """
tr	C	The closet is bigger than the cell he had at the rehabilitation centre .
tr	C	""" But logically , getting into the Royal coach teaches the problem of moving that rock in the cave , "" said CLEO ."
tr	O	Ash 's finely groomed brows knitted as if she were looking for something Bethany clearly didn 't have .
tr	O	She would certainly enhance the rather disappointing selection of humans he was currently examining .
tr	C	she shares with her cheeks still pressed between his fingers .
tr	C	He flipped the leaf again and examined the roadside assistance club card that was contaminated with the name ' Steven Southington ' .
tr	O	He belched and continued eating , the foreground to a limitless starry sky .
tr	O	He hadn 't mentioned anything about the cut I 'd received , so I hoped he 'd missed that part of my showdown .
tr	O	Again , it doesn 't faze him .
tr	O	""" And the grasshopper is back in the contest ! """
tr	C	Missiles veered off course and there was concern that they would land somewhere uncomfortably close to human decency .
tr	O	He teases her with each step he takes , closing the distance between them .
tr	C	Feeling some explosives in her back , she looked around , everything was different and strange .
tr	C	After he 'd heard her weeping and later discovering the shredded lettuce , he had thought she already had , albeit briefly .
tr	O	Quickly the soldiers part to the side reveling the King walking towards them with his personal body guard .
tr	O	Pledged the best fraternity on campus .
tr	O	""" Mr. French was discharged at eleven forty . """
tr	C	That 's what a forte was .
tr	C	Both Peter and Hans had their side windows down so I could get a good view of the Greek shipping as we approached it .
tr	C	She needed to keep up her faux RV in check .
tr	O	A soft blue scarf was tied around his neck , bracing him against the Scottish Fall .
tr	C	My adrenaline pulsed and my heart thumped hard into my ears as I dropped back and wrenched my appendix out of where his head used to be .
tr	C	Why did you have to take her to the Source ?
tr	C	Light jazz music played in the background ; the familiar smell of strong men 's incense wafted through the air .
tr	O	' About the fresco painter .
tr	O	""" You have to strip , "" said Noelle , who had already taken off her jacket and was working on unzipping her jumpsuit ."
tr	C	Blood was whisked around her mouth like strawberry sauce .
tr	C	Two women fainted , amid howls of terror .
tr	O	Shema batted at the scruff .
tr	C	"We have a stoplight in orbit , commanded by Admiral Jiao Bai . """
tr	C	They talked mostly to each other , succeeding only a few words for him , but Neil was content to watch .
tr	C	After all that time , my crowning achievement was a rather mediocre canteen of Swan Lake .
tr	O	A family of beetles kept watch for us , and there 's no way the Hunter could have spotted them -- they 're camouflaged .
tr	O	I am one of the chosen , I am swimming the ocean as a dolphin for God 's sake , this is so crazy .
tr	O	( Chloe decides to be emo but never figures out what it means .
tr	C	It was like a dork was beating against his skull .
tr	O	She 's a marriage counselor , and her husband is a pediatrician .
tr	O	Nevertheless , a demigod like the Mahdi would indeed establish his rule in New Babylon -- Sector Three ( D.C. ) .
tr	C	He threw his lectern at Chris , fully knowing he would dodge it .
tr	O	They had thorns instead of leaves , and they protruded everywhere .
tr	C	She felt the wind of his strike as he missed her by scant pickings .
tr	O	Their bodies were longer , and sported two sets of wings , and they flew faster than any hornet and in perfectly straight lines .
tr	O	BG : It 's on the sideboard .
tr	O	' You know nothing about farming ! '
tr	O	It will take an age , but it will be the age of enlightenment .
tr	C	Lightning arced from cloud to cloud and there was a fast troop of electrical charge along the ground .
tr	O	Queen Emily regards me with cool eyes .
tr	C	That was our death warrant , I devised .
tr	C	He leapt out of his chair , ran around behind the screens and began pulling plugs out a trailing inferno .
tr	C	A black ninja leapt from the heavy branch which now filled the cab and spun around his hand .
tr	C	Having outsiders kill off the submariners would only lead to starvation for all .
tr	O	"They 're about to pronounce sentence on your future and handcuff you with a single band of gold ! """
tr	O	The furniture would be trashed and blood would splatter on the walls .
tr	O	I swallowed hard and then narrowed my eyes , computing the problem in my head .
tr	C	Gone were the clear bright colors of oil replaced with opaque grays and blacks , thin blues and sheer browns of algae .
tr	O	This conversation was going right off the rails .
tr	O	We clung to each other , a tiny island of serenity amidst the storm that blew around us .
tr	C	It was so similar to the one on her left eyelid .
tr	C	The illumination was replaced and he was again brought to the horse and helped up .
tr	O	Dust flew from the feathers and I sneezed .
tr	O	After reaching above my head , I turned on the spigot and cold , life-saving water began to gush out .
tr	C	It 's hardly safe for untagged blood hounds to roam around out there after dark .
tr	C	I look around , hoping he didn 't come with an innkeeper .
tr	C	And that was such a wonderful change that I almost regretted that I would never see my easel again .
tr	C	Navarre would know best ; she had to get away from Simone quickly and thrash him somehow .
tr	O	But shadowed by the low mountains , the valley floor was all drowned forests and wide stretches of open black marshes rimmed by reeds and grasses .
tr	O	But an analogy for what ?
tr	C	Jeff asked , placing her drained coffee mug in the pew .
tr	C	I was a handgun before .
tr	O	""" Scores , "" Akira announced ."
tr	C	Junie fumbled with the wrapping , finally managing to unite a lovely white and pink quilt .
tr	C	The original wages sweated over , wasted away , and the gorillas ever in negative equity !
tr	O	Dignity was something reserved for his betters .
tr	O	James trailed in after me , and once he 'd arranged the kindling into another teepee , he started the f ire .
tr	O	She hadn 't realized that being with someone less perfect , who accepted her and her flaws , would provide more satisfaction in the long run .
tr	O	After that we went to see a couple of houses that had the most incredible Christmas displays .
tr	C	The helicopter thumped over crude gouges , junked automobile lots , dirt roads .
tr	O	He nursed his ruined hand .
tr	O	I don 't want that dirty ape sitting next to me .
tr	O	When the power strip 's battery finally clicked over to green , he stopped , gasping for breath , slumped over the handlebars .
tr	C	Nah , Greg and Vince here will be coming back later to put you in heaps . '
tr	C	Luckily , he 'd listened to his uncle 's advice and bought a Honda Gold Wing with breastplate instead of some fancy speed killer .
tr	C	But this isn ´ t a roller coaster or a theme park ride , this is a bona fide hottie .
tr	O	And I haven 't given my amnesia any thought .
tr	C	""" Don 't let his discontent intimidate you , "" Vin said ."
tr	C	I knew she was obsessed with lime and she knew I loved to run .
tr	O	And this was her boss , who should have been familiar , not striking these weird chords that threatened to change everything between them . '
tr	O	She 'd been within an inch of being turned into a kangaroo by one of her best friends .
tr	C	After being served her breakfast , she was escorted to the schoolroom where she met with Duncan for her caster .
tr	O	He liked action-adventure flicks while she preferred romantic comedies , so they 'd settled on legal dramas with a romantic subplot .
tr	O	A snicker moved through the group , as if they knew something I did not .
tr	O	Their bodies , once blunt weapons of destruction , had given out , expired .
tr	O	he said , flinging a copy of the Times on Clay 's bed .
tr	O	They built Jeeps there , and they put them in crates to transport them to the front lines .
tr	C	I sure didn 't plan on ranting about it now .
tr	O	I had more problems reigning in Henry 's enthusiasm and desire for speed , than with any lack of confidence on his part .
tr	O	I couldn 't just invent an equestrian boarding school in another state one morning and expect everyone to believe me .
tr	O	She forced her best prim tone in place to put things back on a more practical keel .
tr	C	Laurel wasn 't contaminated by Claire 's attempt to distract her .
tr	O	He had either not slept at all , or he had awoken earlier and remained silently staring at the ceiling until she awoke .
tr	C	They would be spurring it in the jungle .
tr	O	A blip of hysterical laughter escaped her lips .
tr	O	Our heartbeats synchronized , and I twined around him like moss on a limb .
tr	C	Nobody speaks as the car vibrates along , coming up from the tunnels into the station that adjoins the government center .
tr	C	The killer spoke softly as he held the weapon , without as much as a drape .
tr	O	Jeremy burst out with a laugh that had all of the guests looking forward at the men instead of back at the bridesmaids .
tr	O	""" That 's what I was wondering , "" Chris said , fingering the small crank under the edge of the table , facing the door ."
tr	C	A young man carrying a fiddle case walks up .
tr	C	Dinosaurs they hadn 't seen , sentries that might just fancy Terri with a side salad .
tr	C	He scouted the events at the pump station to the stunned director .
tr	C	Talking about what I 'd lived through with someone who loved me , not just a tyrant , helped .
tr	O	The oaks of New Orleans were never , really barren , thank heaven .
tr	C	I was especially interested in talking to the artists whose creations I was most marveling at , although in all humankind , not just for business reasons .
tr	C	But until now , we didn 't know if the girls actually resonated with any of us .
tr	C	Edward 's voice simmered again in into a tight knot that sounded ready to split at any point .
tr	O	""" But don 't let me mislead you , "" Sally continued ."
tr	C	He was in excellent physical shape with broad shoulders , from years of sports and withdrawing .
tr	C	I haven 't forgotten what it was like to drown in my donation box .
tr	O	When they reopened they were filled with fear .
tr	C	His hands tightened on the airlock , but that was the only outward sign that we weren 't seeing each other for the first time .
tr	O	""" Naturally only the lower breeds would choose to do that sort of work ."
tr	O	If we look at it with reason 's eye and not with our passions , what good that life offers did she not win ?
tr	O	Even the floor is unique , made of some kind of soft black vinyl , speckled with silver flecks .
tr	O	"Especial y when it comes to ensuring the safety of your kin . """
tr	C	Charley , who was basically all about hoping for sex , and Michael , at the mercy of his foes , either elated or in deep despair .
tr	O	""" He also wants to know if he can use your flour , "" she said ."
tr	O	""" You are a warrior of great skill and I have no quarrel with the way you helped this rising ."
tr	C	""" It 's practically swoon . """
tr	C	The three skulls appeared to be unarmed .
tr	O	"You 'd be an excellent father , and I 'm sure you could handle the bullying and tears , if it came to that . """
tr	O	Sharon cracked the noodles and stirred the pot .
tr	C	Your father , as part of his freelancing image , in addition to MI6 missions had to also differ ' other ' missions .
tr	O	And when it came to such high stakes , corporations often placed profit ahead of safety .
tr	O	He went on to apologise , saying that there had been an error , and they would perform a re-test .
tr	O	""" You all but asked me if I deliberately cashed two checks . """
tr	O	He went to the porthole .
tr	O	""" It 's a strong material , thick , like a woolen . """
tr	C	Ward backed away , cringing as he watched the animal relieve itself .
tr	O	As simple minded as Worm was , he was a caring sort , even for those who consistently mistreated him .
tr	O	The sun was already red with the waning of day when at last I woke .
tr	C	The ten-year-old Holder may not have been so casual about the divorce as it was actually cackling .
tr	C	You just push it into the certificate and twiddle .
tr	O	* * * Evelyn was already hurrying out of their bedchamber to meet her sister before Elizabeth had even reached the doorway .
tr	O	No one at the top had a flashlight to illuminate where the bundle was .
tr	O	She grins and obeys .
tr	O	""" Why am I still on the sidelines ? """
tr	O	I make a face as I put the vibrator , lingerie , and feather duster into the bag .
tr	O	In this moment of silence , he twists , he fidgets , he squirms .
tr	C	Then , very slowly he uses his arms to push himself up into a sitting position , craning the whole time .
tr	C	You mean , like voodoo ?
tr	O	Mr. Spruill from beside the silo .
tr	C	His wings folded against his body and his intense gaze made Echo uncomfortable , even though he was looking at swordplay and not her .
tr	C	He fixes his seat belt and reached into the back seat for Lillian 's rain cloak and his jacket .
tr	O	Collin brought me to the center of the room and told me to sit on an ottoman placed in front of the waiting crowd .
tr	O	If he couldn 't get them to leave , he had to do his conversing with them standing by .
tr	C	A well executed abduction if I do say so myself .
tr	O	""" You ... living with one of your secretaries ?"
tr	O	"Here 's a typical dialog : "" Mommy , how did that baby get into your tummy ? """
tr	O	His office enforced that menace , with dark wood and the occasional blood-red accent .
tr	O	There were twelve loafs of fresh onion bread in the baked goods area , right out of the machines .
tr	C	However , there were no reported sightings of the regions responsible .
tr	O	Wizards , witches , warlocks ... name it .
tr	C	"We want to know these things , "" he said , slipping into the taser at the end ."
tr	O	All of it squelched out of his mental grip and another torch exploded .
tr	C	But , I still typed , I typed one word , I had no bloody clue that one word - would be my comprehension .
tr	C	"In another time and place , he would have been a sponsor or a beatnik . """
tr	C	As she went upstairs on this errand , she wondered how she might contrive to divulge what these two people would have to say to each other .
tr	O	Lopez had the pills in a brown paper bag , and Sara heard the crinkling of paper .
tr	C	Quickly he donned another harness and connected the liver to the cable , tying an extra loop of wetting around his waist .
tr	C	The coral in this devastation is amazingly preserved and in perfect health .
tr	C	Worst of all , sharp stones lay interspersed along the soil , which jabbed and pulled at their concubines while littering their flesh with bruises .
tr	C	She had to crank her project with Ayden and should have arrived a few minutes ago .
tr	O	Many parishioners met in the church to pray through the night Saint Stephen Day Snow had fallen over night .
tr	O	But the blinders were off now .
tr	O	I waited , the sound of crickets the only noise , until another scream of terror erupted .
tr	O	He reported the facts that Samantha had already learned the hard way as if he were reading from a textbook .
tr	O	The room shook as the rock broke away from itself , sending those on top plummeting back down towards us .
tr	O	Elena was thinking about what Stefan had said the following morning when the clang of the bell at the front door announced a visitor .
tr	O	He had been on many battlefields , enough to have received his fair amount of injuries .
tr	C	' Everyone chooses to be something they 're not .
tr	C	Put a Chinese submarine on Mars ?
tr	O	The impaled meat bobs on his utensil until the sausage flies off , and slaps me in the face .
tr	C	""" Behold , "" the room gurgled ."
tr	O	However , it was considered a good position to give Hilda some momentum for her championship match .
tr	O	Around the top , just under the stone lid , was a simple pattern of orbs .
tr	O	On the contrary , you will most likely be treated with the utmost respect and deference .
tr	C	Not a stitch of color could be seen , though he did boast a peculiar lifeline on his lapel .
tr	O	Krasinski landed a hard left cross , and a blistering right uppercut to send Rocky onto his back for an eight count .
tr	C	He was a stocky man in his later forties with silvery temples mixing with brown hair , but his neatly trimmed moustache was still dark .
tr	C	A balm from Harvest means you were serious about studying the Bible and cross-cultural engagement .
tr	C	Nash let out a profusion of joy and picked me up , spinning me around .
tr	C	Why didn 't we backtrack ?
tr	C	""" It tends to me , "" Elaine said , her voice crisp , "" that he would be exceptionally foolish to make the attempt . """
tr	O	Tavi 's imagination provided him a vivid image of the carnage .
tr	C	Although he is standing , it appears his legs give out as he wills on the sofa .
tr	O	He was confident that her deduction of the identity of the forger was incontestable .
tr	C	And Steven began to work himself into a fit of paranoia and websites , which often led to his concern he would be murdered soon .
tr	C	""" Switch hands with your neighbor and send your thoughts to the gods ."
tr	O	I held up the bag , filled with cartons of Chinese food and a six-pack of imported beer that I knew was his favorite .
tr	O	""" Even if they did , the agreement bound to this campsite would probably protect us . """
tr	C	"But remember about the hundred push-ups and the packet of cigarettes . """
tr	C	"They prefer the higher elevations where it freaks . """
tr	O	He was breathing hard , his plundering of her ass and mouth momentarily forgotten .
tr	C	When he realized Gordy had not boarded with the rest of everyone 's diaper , it made him a little nervous .
tr	O	He barreled his way inside , following right behind her .
tr	C	She wanted some answers before she lost her mind to another tenant or her consciousness to the coming dawn .
tr	O	He resisted the urge to do a fist pump in the air at finally making some headway .
tr	O	""" I want you on a curfew , "" my dad said to me ."
tr	C	Nina should be in obscurity .
tr	O	Fate was conspiring for her to take part in his deja vu scenario .
tr	C	It had been a long time since I 'd negotiated with a Reboot so close to my number and skill .
tr	O	A fact Neil forgot until the moment he knew Mickey was the one gunning for them .
tr	C	"It resulted in the deaths of nine additions , including First Shipper Shelby . """
tr	C	I stepped closer and , deflecting my nerves , I slid my hand into his .
tr	O	It was an odd time of day for the warden to come calling , as odd as the broad grin on his face .
tr	C	This close , I saw scores of silver in the center .
tr	C	Ethan thought Pilcher would laugh , but he just stared across the island , the steam evaporating off the surface of the coffee into his face .
tr	O	When he 's not the man in the tux .
tr	C	I heard only the rasp of the chopsticks and rakes and the breath of those who labored beside me .
tr	O	""" You 've brought us ... a tentacle ?"
tr	C	"Are you sure you aren 't their laird , too ? """
tr	O	""" Respect is earned , mortal ."
tr	O	"Well , this is in violation of a fair amount of rules . """
tr	O	As I spoke , a dark gloom spread over my listener 's countenance .
tr	O	Behind and underneath the railings along the balconies were a combination of corridors and rooms .
tr	O	The cameras jumped back to the newscaster , who held her microphone to her lips and looked seriously into the camera .
tr	O	I was approached to know would I join the Dublin Corporation Common Council as a Representative of the Guild of Merchants !
tr	O	Both men watched each other for a moment , sizing each other up .
tr	C	But a pyramid was only a neat bob , wasn 't it , a cone which had decided to be a bit tidier .
tr	C	She had no idea that he was a disagreement as well .
tr	C	she asked , her splayed fingers traveling the surface of the counter now and landing on a tin opener .
tr	O	""" Vigilance at the local inspection centers and the primary calculation points ."
tr	C	He could leave by smashing a mutiny , or , for that matter , by opening the hatch in the ceiling .
tr	C	Katrina says with a coil , leaping into a cheery and triumphant childlike jumping jack , almost giggling .
tr	O	Her toes curled in her trainers .
tr	O	I must send a pigeon to their families and the Head Mage .
tr	O	I am trying to get along with our daughter-in-law , honestly but the way she indulges Sonny one moment and neglects him the next , is troubling .
tr	C	Skye was only making a joke , but it obviously struck a halo for Lucas .
tr	C	""" Oh , well , warding and checking your phone would get you a jail term under my regime . """
tr	O	That worked for Robin Goodfellow , the most infamous faery in existence .
tr	O	But you must untie our legs first , or we 'll do nothing , and say nothing . '
tr	O	Pride , protection , possessiveness .
tr	C	""" Hey sweet aftershocks , I 'm not just a handsome face you know . """
tr	O	The teething pains of setting up a new forward deployed unit were becoming more apparent with each passing day .
tr	O	Jack Parsons lay on the couch in the living room , shivering under the tablecloth that was his only covering .
tr	C	""" Don 't impale yourself up , honey , "" Mom said ."
tr	C	People can be undertaken , and death was more of a punishment for the families than the criminal .
tr	O	He felt violated , as if he 'd raped his own body .
tr	O	' Like clockwork but I learnt one thing , I would never want to get on the wrong side of the boss . '
tr	O	He hurried forward , half skating on the slick surface .
tr	O	The sentry moved off and sounded the marching horn .
tr	C	I would then call each of the spices and explain the situation and strongly suggest they get independent counsel .
tr	C	Like heat rising from a fire or projection from a boiling kettle , I suppose .
tr	O	"I prefer to have money in my coffers than blood on my hands . """
tr	O	The shepherding hut creaked and began to settle into the turf , which opened up around it as easily as butter .
tr	O	They had all been at Friday evening service at the mosque he had attended since he was a child .
tr	C	Whatever you do , don 't be lengthened into a sense of false security by her manner .
tr	O	He clears a spot for me on his sofa and plops down next to me with a remote control in his hand .
tr	C	She used her scythe to divine which pocket of sand was hard enough to bear her weight without turning into liquid .
tr	O	She gestured at the pan of sausages .
tr	C	One that almost begged for dismissal .
tr	C	But he wasn 't a Templar , and we wanted the preceptor led by one of our own .
tr	O	Her fear slid back into the dim recesses of her mind .
tr	O	Deckard flipped from one cam to the next , until he landed at the convention center bathroom .
tr	C	He had laughed and researched it up to the dog being able to sense his fear .
tr	C	""" I do , "" Serena was glad he understood her query the first time ."
tr	C	From his coat he pulled a silvery radiance , one end sharpened to a lethal point .
tr	C	The black stuff pooled beneath his head , burning streaks across his face and neck until it flowed and cowered against the floor .
tr	O	Before the blackout everyone was watching TV , or texting on their phones .
tr	C	' If you wouldn 't make such a lesbian ? '
tr	O	Wasting no time , she leans in and initiates a second attempt .
tr	C	Now it was really masking her : How fast was midnight moving toward Bixby ?
tr	C	A knife might seem useless against spirits , but they needed to take on a substantial form to initiate any real damage .
tr	C	It was only as he dropped to his knees that he understood that it was his own life-blood , evolving fast .
tr	C	The door being held for him seemed to feel like an idol for him to move forward .
tr	O	""" Piece of cake ."
tr	C	""" Discovering what ? """
tr	O	( I did , however , draw the line when Bex tried to handcuff herself to me before we napped that morning . )
tr	O	Just think about it a second , in the Bible we have fathers sleeping with daughters , brothers stealing from brothers and murdering them .
tr	C	""" Your clothes are in such bureaucracy ."
tr	C	It isn 't like there is one Abominable Snowman running around and is a fast calculation .
tr	C	Something about it downloaded , but I couldn 't connect it to anything else ; it was more of a feeling than a certainty .
tr	O	Ash sidestepped him and walked backward , forcing his master to stalk him .
tr	C	She instructs her cup and places it in the sink .
tr	O	Juarez had proposed they give Kelly a dry run using the device to become accustomed to multi-tasking with several voices transmitting through the earpiece .
tr	O	""" Like strawberries . """
tr	O	Delvin had been a lifesaver .
tr	O	On a scale of scratches to mortal peril , Lyssa actually put Vel in the middle .
tr	O	He felt the familiar zap in the air after a shift in time took place .
tr	C	Coleman is accused of soliciting sex from underage patients in exchange for memories , and is facing up to sixty years in prison if ingested .
tr	C	Your Dad was texted by an anonymous mobile phone , probably bought at a reed in central London , and so was Josh .
tr	O	""" Your Callum is a nervous wreck , "" he said , his eyes crinkling in laughter ."
tr	O	""" I 'm certain you can be crowned quickly , my Lord Dragon , "" she said smoothly ."
tr	C	The acreage wouldn 't work .
tr	C	The kids are busy building mud crabs with Dad and Shayna , who , although not looking , are clearly relieved by my smile .
tr	C	It snapped its snout with a sharp clicking sound .
tr	O	You see , we 're being bombarded by water molecules from all sides .
tr	C	' Because : if we can take a few pictures of people coming and going , it will prove infidelity .
tr	O	After the bloodbath below , I spotted Feng moving in on the other two .
tr	O	Cy 's face compressed .
tr	C	Now , these two rods are still identical , except that now , you do not exist in one of them . '
tr	C	For hours , we sat side by side numbered , talking .
tr	C	I spent hours looking up contract law as I developed markets with large fees .
tr	C	The two of you under one roof ought to give you a chance to resemble the past and see what could have been .
tr	O	Sometimes he bums a ride from his friend Zeph , but mostly he likes to walk .
tr	O	"They usually keep the TVs on right through the opening act . """
tr	C	Behind it , saddled , was the painting projected on-screen .
tr	C	First we have the tenor suggesting dwarves are running away .
tr	O	Without turning away from her , I reach around behind me for the bowl of strawberries in Eva 's hands and fumble another one into my fingers .
tr	O	She picked up the stylus while still catching her breath , ready to write on the tablet connected to the overhead projector .
tr	O	She explained the principles of trade which would be required for the food they would provide to those of the Red .
tr	O	There was probably a knack .
tr	C	He smelled like incense .
tr	O	The two couples before them were the exact target of such flattery ; being the honourable Mr. and Mrs. So-and-so .
tr	O	I was considered an imbecile , I discovered .
tr	O	Diego had learned to hone his energy while Xavier was still being ruled by his .
tr	C	Even from far away I was sure I could see the boughs .
tr	O	"The skinnier man went up to Rocky and announced , "" We are the creative brownie baking team . """
tr	C	She filled the bucket up , combed a handful of the cool water through her hair , and spurred her hair .
tr	C	As he made to entice the company , a hand grabbed his right arm .
tr	C	Hank noted the wildflowers , too , and moved closer , but Bern extracted the jar and snapped the lid closed .
tr	C	Someone 's traveling bridges .
tr	O	And , sadly , Charlie quickly succumbed to cancer .
tr	C	Whenever I asked him about it , he carefully scrutinized my questions .
tr	C	On each side of the head , near the ears , grew an antenna through which it tagged with others .
tr	O	She was ripe for the plucking .
tr	O	Feeling like a mother bear deserting her cub , I worried about him .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen Fight Scarlett moved in and out of unconsciousness , her vision wavered and her hearing lulled like she was floating on the ocean .
tr	C	""" You went to the parapet , there was time ."
tr	C	The locals found Ty wherever he happened to be and he appreciated the flexibility and fad of his life .
tr	C	""" Pay me as a seal upon thine heart , as a seal upon thine arm - "" He gripped her branded deltoid and burned her anew ."
tr	O	""" I just translate , you historians and archeologists interpret !"
tr	C	The daughter of his associate , a girl condemned to his care .
tr	C	She called Betty back immediately and gave her the news , being firm about not succeeding in this contract .
tr	O	""" But you don 't know - "" "" No , "" he said more firmly , as if scolding a dog ."
tr	C	"Her death will reach out like a stellar explosion along all these tangled heaps and kill us . """
tr	C	He dealt with peanuts .
tr	O	Such as first notice of any of your findings .
tr	C	""" I hope I won 't git like an idiot . """
tr	O	I dried off my hands , tossed the hand towel to the counter , and ambled to the door .
tr	C	It was nice to be loved , I thought , and reined in the glow of it .
tr	O	I went to Gamaliel for some hints and instructions of the proceedings .
tr	C	His thumb drives with writings of names and contacts were safely locked away at work , with an emergency stash of getaway cash .
tr	O	I see the entire dissolution of a man , like watching a mountain erode in minutes .
tr	C	Her ability had obviously been chipped or studied for many years .
tr	O	They began smearing pieces of meat with wild spices and slapping them on black pans .
tr	O	""" Let 's hope she succeeds , "" Drake said ."
tr	O	Ashe had misted through the ceiling to sit atop the roof of Winkler 's temporary home .
tr	C	And don 't get me started on your lack of appreciation for nakedness .
tr	C	An elderly gentleman dressed in a black pantsuit and black slacks and a sport coat stood slowly .
tr	C	""" Can I nab the question ? """
tr	C	How they manage to pull pranks like these off , he doesn 't want to know .
tr	C	Three It was measuring up to be one of those days when Gabby wondered why she 'd decided to work in a pediatric office .
tr	C	""" Bite me . """
tr	O	The veins in his forehead stood out like cords .
tr	C	He turned along the wall , and continued on the carton .
tr	O	He made his way into the galley and looked around at what he had to work with .
tr	O	""" Told it we were complete space novices and had lots of questions and things we wanted to see . """
tr	C	She should have dispatched his title and figured out what to call him .
tr	C	CM : Your mother conceived of music ?
tr	O	She nodded again and began dishing up the eggs and bacon , then checked the biscuits in the oven .
tr	C	I said picking up a picture off the occurrence to study it .
tr	O	Aaron was standing over by a window , leaning against the sill , his arms crossed over his chest , and a petulant look colouring his face .
tr	O	she cried , snatching up the letter .
tr	C	He was going to use his navigation to help with the hunt and speed things along .
tr	O	Some simple toast with a fruit salsa in a small crock .
tr	C	""" As a matter of fact , paperwork is a hassle of mine , "" said Autumn ."
tr	C	They 'd be too worried about him taking up a position somewhere and extinguishing them down .
tr	O	He brings back memories of yesterday afternoon that cause tension to coil in my stomach , and I walk faster , looking determinedly past him .
tr	C	My heart stuttered into a collision at the thought .
tr	O	"He gave those people in need a chance to prosper and I wish to do the same , "" Richard spoke ."
tr	C	It was the kind of place you could buy a dozen different flavors of garlic to protect yourself from vampires or to spice up your spaghetti sauce .
tr	O	"What you might do if you faced a sudden reversal ? """
tr	O	She cuddled into him .
tr	C	Half a dozen knobs were already gathered in the room .
tr	O	Annie pulled back the covers , plumped a pillow and sat down .
tr	O	Isabelle gazed out over the plain , at the acres of bleakness ahead , the view choked with dust .
tr	O	There they doomed him to a slow death by starvation .
tr	C	I cracked my neck as I walked , still trying to relieve the monks in my body after my long slumber .
tr	C	He jumped , bucked and writhed each time the scythe plunged into him .
tr	O	""" She really likes toilets . """
tr	O	He clearly fought a battle against his bloodlust .
tr	O	Or sympathetically , because I sounded like an imbecile .
tr	O	Removing the dagger from beneath his coat , he moved with a fluid stealth down the street and slipped into the alley .
tr	O	' So the book has a flaw ?
tr	C	The video was grainy and showed what appeared to be a peephole somewhere in the mountains .
tr	C	""" Nothing you need loom over , "" Naman said ."
tr	C	""" That 's revolting . """
tr	C	The thought of it gave me pointers , and I snuggled closer to Daniel , who rubbed my shoulder to comfort me .
tr	C	And she seemed like the type who needed a lot of friends , not a collision .
tr	C	I even manage to rein on my hands .
tr	C	There was no formality , so they must have found a different exit .
tr	O	He uncapped the syringe Maren had prepared and then made his way closer to the bed .
tr	O	She thought she 'd see him at the restaurant , but their schedules had never matched up .
tr	C	His icy blue eyes brim with sorrow , threatening to reprimand and drown him .
tr	O	"Finding a wife will be a chore , and I must find one eventually . """
tr	O	"Just ' cuz I 'm a hooker doesn 't mean I do everyone and everything . """
tr	O	After thought , he unhooked his sword from his belt and left it at the bottom of the hut 's steps .
tr	C	He seemed nervous , too , his head feigning this way and that as he sized us up .
tr	O	A line of cylinder containers were on the shelf , so small that she could fit at least 10 in her hand .
tr	C	When he sees me running toward him , his finger goes up to his mouth , advising me to be quiet .
tr	O	He felt whole and complete , well-loved , his body saturated with pleasure so that with each thrust he came closer to a serious explosion .
tr	O	Warren alighted on the catwalk beside her .
tr	O	After all , I am speaking for the multitude here , have I the right ?
tr	O	Just happiness and then he 's gone , a quietness in its place .
tr	O	There were few concerns over fires as it was rare to find a completely dry day in the dank northern isle .
tr	O	""" I 'm grateful for your attention , Your Holiness . """
tr	C	Both men wore dangerous expressions , revving the imperial guards that now surrounded all of them .
tr	O	This was a setback , but nothing would get in the way of his plans .
tr	C	Truth was , overworked police cruisers are what kept many private eyes in business .
tr	C	I bit my tongue on any number of the complaints I had -- the lack of jobs , friends , philosophies , and direction .
tr	O	Just blazer and slacks for me I think .
tr	O	According to the gossip , Goffman could afford a compensation pool of up to seven billion .
tr	C	His strength and intimidation were exceptional .
tr	O	On the glowing pieces of stainless steel , tables and charts filled with data and documents packed with words are shown .
tr	C	And Jared and his bridges will continue fighting to keep the shadows at bay .
tr	C	He nodded , then dropped his head and honked the hollow of her throat .
tr	C	My guess is that a critical processing step was harassed , and the resulting larvae had a fully functional brain .
tr	O	"It is evolution , don 't you think ? """
tr	C	They journeyed south , keeping the shore about a mile to their port side .
tr	O	He glanced at Betty , who was concentrating hard on something and a calmness came over him .
tr	O	They 'd made use of that blindfold Saturday night and her skin tingled anew at the remembered blind anticipation of his touch .
tr	O	No hotel was this cozy or had the detailed quilts , obviously handmade , in them .
tr	O	""" I 've rewritten history , "" I said ."
tr	O	""" So , how does Julia James cheat at solitaire ? """
tr	O	I swallowed so hard I could feel the tendons in my neck straining .
tr	C	But she owes us .
tr	O	Festive music and bright laughter from the holiday picnic filtered through his earpiece .
tr	C	In all cases the bright colours contrasted with the bruised hue of their lances .
tr	C	She giggles and steers us to come inside .
tr	O	The tremors began again and her entire body shook against him .
tr	C	Humanity had been whittled down to little more than a few hundred thousand after that last dentist , which ended the Second Dark Age .
tr	C	You try to conceal the emptiness with more apparition , only to find the thrills becoming less satisfying and more fleeting .
tr	C	I stood up and walked as far as the Williams imitation , and gazed at the kneeling Sir John for a moment .
tr	O	Judge Norris had Hannah by the arm and was escorting her into the courtroom .
tr	C	""" Very well , "" the commissioner bowed again ."
tr	C	Reginald turned his head to the right and the boiling , melting sensation overpowered .
tr	C	Did she share the ooze with him ?
tr	O	Jordan 's hungry and oh so appreciative gaze upped her temperature even more .
tr	C	Granby nodded ; he seemed not the least withdrawn at answering to her .
tr	O	He slid the canoe halfway into the lake , then climbed into the front , holding his paddle .
tr	O	Him in high school : debate team , drama club ( not lying about being a nerd ) .
tr	O	For a fortnight he had awaited word that his ship , the Lady May , had been sighted .
tr	O	She 'd find love and protection and consistency in the arms of another man .
tr	C	It polluted the visual landscape from all over the harbor and cried out for immediate activation .
tr	C	""" I don 't take you for much of a rule follower , knife ownership . """
tr	O	It was only then that he realised he would need a lead to plug the guitar into the amp .
tr	O	The Command Center was set up in a semi-circle , the consoles facing a large screen on one wall .
tr	O	I heard the unholy hum emanating from her glove and knew that she had an awesome mega hotshot , too .
tr	O	He could now make the corners of his lips draw up into his cheeks , enough to create a reasonable imitation of his trademark grin .
tr	C	His breath stank to high heaven , and she pulled back in uncontrollable disgust .
tr	C	Days like this , when there were normally parties and candy and medals , these were the days that grew smiles and bred laughter .
tr	O	I started to reach up to scrabble for the telephone at the end of the counter .
tr	O	I 've never even been on a sailboat .
tr	C	""" Oh , spare my aims ! """
tr	O	It sped straight toward the metal stake and connected with a clang ; Liza watched in both terror and exhilaration as the metal stake shuddered and tipped .
tr	C	Respect , admiration , and a tribute to serve .
tr	O	""" You ' l be great , "" JJ says ."
tr	C	They also hunt off the land , do their own putt , and make their own weapons .
tr	O	Anything cheerful would be a relief if it would dispel the grim mood that had settled over her .
tr	C	""" We 're putting our people at risk of nuclear capability for those people down under ."
tr	O	""" You don 't see very many shepherds with sabre scars on their faces , though , "" Longbow added ."
tr	O	Dulcie hoisted her wineglass in the air again .
tr	O	He looked at Bertie and then up at the tree from whence the branch had come .
tr	C	The bulb overhead was still out , the mistletoe too filthy to let in any light , and shadows lay thick across the chipped floor .
tr	O	""" Not this time , Orson , "" I implored , rising to my feet ."
tr	C	""" I 'd hate to see you married to either of the men that the earl and writings have selected for you ."
tr	O	Wel , if rainbows were solid pink .
tr	C	Tossing aside the book , I draped a hand over my eyes and tried to still the bondage wheel in my mind .
tr	O	At its centre was the ' dentist 's chair , ' I recognised it straight away - just as Davila had promised I would .
tr	C	""" I came to - "" "" I should inform you that this will not be a half-hour , "" Max says ."
tr	C	""" Those provisions in the island are those who try to hide from the Assassins ' Chamber ... "" murmured Heston , pouring whiskey to his glass ."
tr	O	The interstate was deserted .
tr	C	The gate technicians were also well-known for their black market .
tr	C	When I was done rendering it up , they faced me .
tr	C	The reversal spell between us was an old one , but once upon a time we 'd used it every day .
tr	C	They heard agonized howls of pain from the gray gorillas on the hillside as hot lava rained down on them .
tr	C	He raised his eyebrows in mock tantrum .
tr	O	He dipped his head and let his lips slide along my throat , igniting yet more flames along the sensitive skin .
tr	C	""" I don 't know , "" Serena hops over the ledge at Mariam ."
tr	O	""" Create five identities for each of the remaining volunteers ? """
tr	C	Fate had forced her into marriage with a man who didn 't want her and who was , moreover , a thank-you .
tr	O	""" Pulling up schematics ... now ."
tr	C	You better contact her , as she is ecstatic and cleaved to me last night for over an hour about it .
tr	C	Beads of blood oozed from the gums and scratches on my skin .
tr	C	To his great surprise it was opened not by a footman but by Woolsey Scott , his blond hair in torrents to his shoulders .
tr	C	Pigtail braids and a knee-length skirt with fringe hem and matching maroon vest just did not scream sexy .
tr	O	Would she scold him for having left in the first place ?
tr	C	"This is just the lakes . """
tr	O	The towns we passed through were beautiful , and when we stopped to coal the train , the cars were mobbed by the villagers .
tr	C	The balm is excruciatingly delicious .
tr	C	"Maybe if you listened to some winters like this , ya wife would actually do ya sometime , "" I say ."
tr	O	They had nearly made it to the trees when archers stepped out of nowhere and fired at them .
tr	O	""" We took the liberty of preparing a corporate charter for your law firm , "" he said , handing over more documents ."
tr	C	"He sighed , "" Victoria is not a gossip if that 's what you are progressing ."
tr	C	Blood trickled out of holes on either side of its head in a droning rhythm , the rhythm of a heartbeat .
tr	C	He let out a loud sigh , but she thought he was about to answer , when below them , a nicotine began .
tr	O	""" Can I tell you a secret , such a secret , that if you were to tell anybody I would die of grief and devastation ? """
tr	O	Exhaust billowed from the buses .
tr	C	They must have been replaying the Caddy .
tr	C	""" Perhaps you could tell us a bit about the filming and how you mistrust the models ? """
tr	O	""" The townspeople often awoke to find their cattle missing , or in some cases dismembered . """
tr	C	It was nominated for my rig , but the dark brown color made me look like a common office worker .
tr	O	Terry nodded his acknowledgement .
tr	C	"I changed the quicksand of my name in the fifth grade because of Jacqueline Kennedy . """
tr	O	Josie might as well have just slit me open and gutted me for as vulnerable as I felt .
tr	C	"he began slowly , no words eloquent enough to illuminate the boy 's pain , "" I 'm not gon na lie to you ."
tr	O	And she couldn 't bear to lose this moment of spontaneity with him .
tr	C	You speak to me of tangles and goals !
tr	O	""" You 're like a trouble magnet . """
tr	C	""" You did learn to play a keyhole , or some instrument , when you were a page , did you not ? """
tr	C	He shook his head as if the mere thought were eavesdropping .
tr	O	There was also a colorful splattering of dry puke all the way down his shirt .
tr	O	Her eyes go to my burn , but I had already received a few long sleeve blouses and am wearing one .
tr	C	She clenched his forearms as she sought something to stabilize her , not from the influx of power , but from the sheaf of him .
tr	C	When the thirty second was up , I oblige as Tristan reached out and opened the screen door .
tr	O	Skyler held his place within the enclosure as he checked the hallway ahead .
tr	C	Both of them looked away , and the unease inside of me spread like wildfire as Nicolai left the parasite .
tr	O	She 'd drilled it into all of them , except Madeline of course , that they must continue to refer to the reverend in the present tense .
tr	C	""" The charm will keep it tagged as long as it stays stuck to its forehead . """
tr	O	He felt for his personal telepathy .
tr	O	After he 'd met Clare , Logan had reconciled with his mother , and she 'd been slowly earning back his trust ever since .
tr	C	As Hugo placed the girl on her feet she taxied back in to his arms .
tr	O	I glanced over my shoulder , Jenna was already starting to lag a little , and I could feel the burn in my lungs and legs .
tr	C	I already had Nate and Rick to fill my misfortune of people who knew more about me than I did .
tr	C	Something lingered in the room with them , uncovering the air they all had to share .
tr	O	His lips were still moist , conveying a message of seduction even when they were silent .
tr	O	"You don 't have a tracker on you . """
tr	O	""" Of course , "" said Wither , "" nothing is so much to be desired as the greatest possible unity ."
tr	O	It was enough to cause me serious injury , though , and for the rest of the year I had lain in bed at the chateau .
tr	C	Or the rims of women !
tr	C	It was easy for me this time because these kidnappers didn 't have a dark upholstery of magic covering their tracks .
tr	O	Mind you don 't drop it , the recoil 's vicious . '
tr	C	""" There was a biscuit in the water , but it wasn 't any longer than any of the others . """
tr	O	Eventually I look back to the tortoise .
tr	O	They conversed in their way , no words spoken .
tr	O	""" Pass on my condolences to Leila 's family , "" he said , mouthing , Don 't make a sound at me ."
tr	O	The cup cracked and his drink sprinkled to the floor .
tr	O	Panicking , she pushed her hands against his waist and felt a wide belt in the loops of his jeans and the butt of a handgun .
tr	C	If someone builds in the bonfire pit , it 's up to you to snatch her out of it before she catches fire .
tr	C	You 've become the very thing you inherit .
tr	C	Our limitation is still under your control , however .
tr	O	He led me out of my motel room , securing the postcard carefully with two fingers as he walked out over the porch and towards his car .
tr	O	""" We sent our state 's militias into Virginia to help hold back the wave of gangs trying to get out of the hellhole they had created ."
tr	C	He found Val in the bedroom , resuming a line of coke off the table by the bed .
tr	C	Everyone taking part in this amazing gathering in the air experienced an overwhelming sensation of health and discord .
tr	C	They didn 't come from the washcloth , and yet the only thing there was the house .
tr	C	We were conceived after only a month or two of meeting .
tr	O	Though it was injured it wasn 't hindered much as it switched directions and honed in on my brother and Bret .
tr	O	It was Alexander , dragging a soldier - the man who 'd captured Sera and her friends - by the scruff of his shirt .
tr	C	The last few days of chaos had fetched the trust between us .
tr	O	He palmed the panel next to the door , which slid open .
tr	C	And Perdita was smiling with her full toothed smile , ready to watch the orchard .
tr	C	"Nobody wins in such a smoker . """
tr	C	When she tugged his pants down lower , past the smooth , jutting head of his nearness , then lower still , he exhaled a pleading oath .
tr	C	She got this call from some guy , I don 't know what the heck she was talkin ' but she came out here to meet him .
tr	O	The old were in bed , and the young were out partying .
tr	C	The smoke machines which had been installed to hide his chalet style home from enemy combatants were , thankfully , not in operation today .
tr	O	"It would probably overload the system right there . """
tr	C	My heart felt like it was ringed with a large dose of caffeine .
tr	C	Straightening and sealing with pride , Alessandro rewarded Julia with a pleased smile .
tr	O	""" His headache is because the lining of his brain is inflamed ."
tr	O	This helps others find new authors that they may have never heard of before , but may enjoy .
tr	O	He dashed forward , rushing the disoriented Inquisitor , scooping up a loose cobblestone .
tr	O	""" You best hope he never allows me to spar with you ."
tr	O	He wanted those expert hands on his body , stroking him to full awakening .
tr	C	""" Got it from a lord , "" he announced , noting her interest in the fibers ."
tr	C	"The absence of a door distracts my first suspicion . """
tr	C	She astounded him with her bridesmaids .
tr	O	"My guess is men edited the books in time and didn 't give the women their due . """
tr	O	You were not brought to testify because Pallas pulled some strings .
tr	O	I dug under said bush and pulled out the small beacon that would transmit my location to my brother and the Alliance .
tr	O	""" We may never know why this gun tube was near the shipwreck ."
tr	C	The light of the moon is faint , but it bounces on a tiny jagged scar just above his eyebrow .
tr	C	For some reason , Jackie felt an instant rapport with her , as if they were both able to be alone even when surrounded by people .
tr	C	Probably couldn 't believe that someone had dared touch his artistic disagreement .
tr	O	Life has been hard , but everything changes the night she is snatched from an alley behind a theatre and tossed into a nobleman 's carriage .
tr	O	Brand was surprised at how obedient Midnight was , but Hilda had ridden with the horse peoples and knew their tricks .
tr	C	He appeared as any other twenty year old man : clean getaway , neat shoulder-length hair , hooded blue-grey eyes , and a model 's build .
tr	C	He digested that as a registered foster carer Liz only housed girls .
tr	C	""" You didn 't inherit and it 's understandable with what you 've been through , "" he said as he pressed his lips against my forehead ."
tr	O	One moment I was enjoying a pint in the club with a couple of friends , the next I was suffocating under a mountain of meat .
tr	C	"She shook her head , then murmured to herself , "" Hate those little sketches . """
tr	O	His father had turned his considerable inheritance into a charitable foundation to promote the arts .
tr	O	Brighter than the love of my wife and child , consumed by the fires of war and pestilence .
tr	O	Then , realizing her mistake , she doubles back .
tr	C	That if I will have her , she will testify at my place tonight .
tr	C	Our plane was descending into Los Angeles , and I was doing my best to rock a drenching Declan while belted into my seat .
tr	O	""" Who has the time for such an undertaking ? """
tr	C	I wondered if Martin could have sent them , perhaps stopped in at a crab 's on his way to the airport .
tr	O	I grabbed one man 's gun and caved his face in with the butt of it before flinging the rifle toward the man operating the rocket launcher .
tr	C	Colin moved to continue his lightsaber , but Adam held his hand up to silence him .
tr	O	Keen , in the way of combustion , to throw off all bounds of functionality , to become a glorious freed explosion .
tr	O	""" Give me a call when you 're a little older , kiddo . """
tr	C	Nita removed the wrench and looped the ropes through its jaws to squash it onto her back .
tr	O	"Being married to Lenny , giving birth to Jeff , contributed to making you what you are . """
tr	C	We mourned the tools and the generator on the hay wagon .
tr	O	The tendril grew rapidly , its round nose seeking to break the thin barrier between them and the deadly pressure of the sea .
tr	C	She doesn 't break eye contact with me , and I feel like there 's an invisible barricade between the two of us .
tr	C	The Potomac River is the border now between incredulity and what passes for civilization these days .
tr	C	"Greg was also my friend , but I killed his wife , so that kind of put a rap on that friendship . """
tr	O	I drink some water from the canteen but make sure I limit myself .
tr	C	He is fidgety and keeps pacing around the room , craning his fingers through his hair .
tr	O	The great deluge had shed the black ash he had been coated in .
tr	O	A leg stepped right out of the torrent of water .
tr	O	"I am hoping that you might be able to oblige me . """
tr	O	"If I had not intervened you would have wiped yourselves out in a bitter civil war and this planet would be barren in six years . """
tr	C	Even Rob , a hero to be sure , looked at me and saw nothing but drizzle and scars .
tr	C	""" Shortly after , my family moved to South America as infants ."
tr	C	""" It did give you a certain finesse , "" Varg admitted ."
tr	C	Yet I 'm holding this merchandise .
tr	O	""" Draw a plan ."
tr	O	Need had created a wild tempest inside him , undeniable , nearly uncontrollable .
tr	C	Then Alex is gone , and manipulation is next to me again .
tr	O	The beatings were easier to endure than the thought of her death .
tr	C	We would take them vegetables from the garden , milk from Isabel , eggs from the necromancer .
tr	C	Since then , Edward has sustained a sex change operation and legally changed his name to Mallory Edwards .
tr	C	She curled her fist around the makeshift grip she had made , activating her body , ready to strike .
tr	C	He grimaced and muttered , ' My loophole in a desert . '
tr	C	You must also acknowledge your hobbies -- as certainly you have more than an equal share .
tr	O	The cool linen chafed his bare skin , caressed it .
tr	O	Not counting his confrontations with Falco , it had been years since he had been in the company of another of his kind .
tr	C	Circumstances were suddenly forgotten , instructing him to kiss his lover with equal fervor .
tr	O	The silver flask moved up into an airlock .
tr	O	"He killed my ponies . """
tr	O	Becoming a cougar now mom ?
tr	O	Its scales once a fine blue now were rotted as wisps of eerie green smoke rose from it .
tr	O	Ellie still lapped from her water bowl .
tr	O	Where there weren 't moldy leaves , mud pockmarked the ground .
tr	C	I suspected the latter , and that permeated my interest .
tr	O	' Why , family commitments ? '
tr	O	He 's like a colt on a windy day .
tr	O	Brontes had to intervene and halt their efforts .
tr	C	They could accumulate enemies out of thin air .
tr	C	They hadn 't even started contract negotiations or coming up with the hideout for a business .
tr	O	Is it the state of your homeland that makes you so melancholy ? '
tr	C	""" Lara , if they 've offered him leniency to nuzzle against you , you 're finished ."
tr	O	"This is why we have endured centuries without the Nectar , our people suffering the illness and death that accompanies natural bonding . """
tr	C	From her lips it had the sound of someone cocking a servant .
tr	O	As I stare absently out to sea , a movement from below , from the corner of my periphery , catches my attention .
tr	C	My sole purpose was to find how I might reduce or convince her to accept my idea for our future .
tr	O	""" Life 's a peach , isn 't it ? """
tr	O	* Postscript by the Illuminator Well , isn 't that how stories about young , beautiful princesses are supposed to end ?
tr	O	""" I don 't want you going to the mainland for the time being ."
tr	C	""" Come then and show me your dissertation . """
tr	O	""" I think he appreciates his job a little more than you do ."
tr	O	We also are going to a charity event for autism the night before we leave .
tr	C	This backwater town was the closest one to where the youngsters had escaped .
tr	O	She lounged against a pillar by the patio doors , cleaning her nails with a dagger .
tr	O	"How did your audition go ? """
tr	C	Still , I had a bigger problem on my hand which I foresaw which was Aleister in hibernation .
tr	C	Mandy quickly backtracked and put away their clean clothes in the dresser and closet .
tr	C	She shrugged as my GPS bleeped and a crosswalk countdown timer appeared .
tr	C	"Give them competitors , it will help , "" said Molly , smiling ."
tr	O	Looking at her still eating , I was keenly aware of how much tastier a morsel she would have been .
tr	C	Everybody talks of complexes and neuroses and psychoses and compulsions and manipulation .
tr	O	He wiped his mouth on a napkin and looked up in contemplation , pretending to count on his fingers .
tr	C	Empty vehicles , burning houses , dead bodies , spent winters and broken gnomes .
tr	O	""" Don 't be an idiot , "" she said , eyes flashing behind the purple tint of her contact lenses ."
tr	C	"We can outlast this excursion . """
tr	O	Somewhere in the recesses of her mechanical brains , her mental wheels whirled and the gears turned .
tr	O	I don 't have the reflexes of a cat by any means , and Nicholas is skilled in the art of lunging .
tr	C	A few more sessions with Lilia should ram it in the bud .
tr	C	He desperately needed her friendship right now , but the rest had taken on a nightmarish hue , and it doesn , t her fault .
tr	O	The advantages of a V-8 .
tr	O	We have been worried about the wrong impostor all this time ?
tr	C	"In this weather my hair would be huge and kinky , and with no lettering around , I 'd be in serious trouble . """
tr	C	Perhaps he should tell him the truth ; tell him about his debts ; see if he might be overjoyed to advance him some more wages .
tr	O	""" Which ads do you blame for getting them hooked on cigarettes ? """
tr	O	Coming back to the cabin , Mandy cleaned , buttered and spiced the corn on the cob and wrapped it in aluminum foil .
tr	O	"I don 't want you nosing around in my personal life . """
tr	C	I 'm not part of this monotony of yours .
tr	O	""" How about your maroon skirt and your pink shell ?"
tr	O	Amira saw the familiar silver bead lurch forth from Garen 's forehead , wavering drunkenly as it approached the wick .
tr	C	Trying that would be an enmity , though , so she 'd have to be careful not to get caught .
tr	C	""" If you talked to them , maybe reinforced ... "" "" There 's no talking with these guys . """
tr	O	""" Come on , this way , "" one of the recruits yelled as she led them to four empty bunks ."
tr	O	He wanted to know what tests were conducted here .
tr	C	They arrived back on the abundance just in time to see Billy and Sophie turn their backs on one another and stalk off in opposite directions .
tr	O	""" Do you want to find out the gender of the baby ? """
tr	O	' But she 's not elected , ' Lola said .
tr	C	High above her she saw a great cloud of darkness , winged gargoyles that she had encountered before .
tr	O	Spreading her even further , Royce stiffened his tongue as he alternated between jabbing it into her hot core and flicking it against her clit .
tr	C	Now Jeff 's reaction to Liam 's escapades was understood .
tr	O	A few people snickered , but then Mr. Davis got them all talking about which pictures of Riley would be best for the montage .
tr	C	The chefs prepared cauldron after cauldron of stew , crested with a continuous chain of loafs of wheat and barley bread .
tr	O	Her fingers fumbled with the once familiar task of slipping pliable leather through buckles .
tr	O	The Creator used various tones to help the robots become finely engineered and tuned machines .
tr	C	Vivian and her self-doubt managed to avoid the second arrow , as well .
tr	O	She filled her lungs to give Carn another piece of her mind , but was interrupted as the men 's attention was diverted across the room .
tr	O	But ... she made me promise to relay a message if you complained .
tr	C	"If he doesn 't get at least a one prophet start he can 't get up a proper airspeed . """
tr	C	I 'm your vocabulary .
tr	O	""" Are you going to stay on the cheerleading team ? """
tr	O	You no longer have to worry about experiencing Decay , which means the headaches will finally end .
tr	O	Scattered to the wind through the huge chimneys .
tr	O	It was just his solutions she found fault with and he hadn 't mentioned those again .
tr	O	""" Remember what he did as payback , "" Snake said ."
tr	C	Trystan pulled an old laptop he 'd purchased second-hand out from between his replacements .
tr	O	"Or were you too deafened by the screams of the innocents you slaughtered to hear the news ? """
tr	C	"That tasted like hibernation . """
tr	C	The problem was that the monkeys might hear .
tr	O	I grabbed napkins and forks and placed them on the table as well .
tr	C	We have a big getaway on the roof .
tr	O	The woman was scolding the child for walking too slowly .
tr	O	""" Except for the fatal injury you 're about to inflict on him ? """
tr	C	""" No , you were asking and copying . """
tr	C	""" Do not mention the headband again ."
tr	C	""" Beware the changes . """
tr	O	The flashlight swung wildly in his left hand until he gave up on the phone and refocused the beam .
tr	C	But I did my best , and I went and answered an advocate for a position .
tr	O	"I want to build an exclusive boutique hotel in a nice area that ... "" "" With an equity of three million dollars ? """
tr	O	Some guy was behind her , trying to unzip her skirt and kiss her at the same time .
tr	O	A bunch of sleazy guys sitting on the sofa , smoking fat cigars , tapping ash onto the floor , hollering , spilling drinks .
tr	O	"Overlook my age and rigidity , I beg you . """
tr	C	"The profits only missed me by accident . """
tr	C	His only response was to throw back his head and laugh deeply , enjoying the release of tension the laughter disguised .
tr	O	I looked over at Benji 's book where he 'd doodled letters of the alphabet in different fonts .
tr	C	My head floods the ceiling and twigs snag my hair .
tr	C	She was aware of the dead body in one of the cockroaches , would he rise ?
tr	C	The distant figures oversized and the close figures small , created to befuddle the onlooker , susceptible to free membership .
tr	O	His consultants and his lawyers were unanimous in the belief that the plaintiff 's witnesses had yet to capture the jury .
tr	C	The third book in the series , Enchanted Page , is handcuffed to be released in the summer of 2014 .
tr	O	As we rise to leave , the abbess takes two steps toward me , her lips pressed into a flat line .
tr	C	Nadia clung to the weather-beaten white wicker of the lighthouse as water crashed right at her feet .
tr	O	His hands touch my face , gently stroking my cheek as the kiss intensifies .
tr	O	"Balthazar said , "" Cover your face ."
tr	O	They perk up , then clatter out of the house .
tr	O	I 'm talkin ' fast , tryin ' to make the deal .
tr	O	They did not envision that she would actually secure the wing or establish something that we can see it helping so many .
tr	O	Tavi felt another sting of pain , and felt blood trail down over his jawline .
tr	C	I had a new friend and a secret hideout spot .
tr	C	""" I don 't ... "" Before he could finish , Max watched as his professionalism ran from the bar , screaming and shouting ."
tr	O	For a long moment all was still and then the doe turned in their direction and froze .
tr	C	There were the rations in full view of one another sitting on rattan furniture on their porches .
tr	C	It 's an uncomfortable feeling with the water wetting beneath me from my still wet clothing .
tr	O	""" We loved to cook together and make these massive Indian feasts ."
tr	C	""" You can 't testify to me , Gregori - we may as well get that straight right now . """
tr	O	""" So delicate , in fact , that I cannot make inquiries at the bank , or even the club . """
tr	C	""" I 'll call her combatant . """
tr	C	Khloe , despite a bright red face and professionalism plastered hair indicating otherwise , seemed to be oblivious to the heat .
tr	C	And brownie and grease on your jeans .
tr	C	The softball team has already gathered by the porter .
tr	C	Something different came to life in the blackness , something that hissed and moved with careful perusal .
tr	O	She 'd become introspective , shunned most of her friends and refused to talk to Shirley , to a counselor , their pastor , anybody .
tr	O	The need coursed his veins , blackening his soul , like an all-consuming drug against which he was powerless to act .
tr	C	""" I 'm sorry , I didn 't hear you , "" he was now grumbling ."
tr	O	""" Well , I can 't really get a job with this condition , and I don 't trust the medications , or the therapies . """
tr	O	The first four cabins are empty .
tr	C	They curled and condemned , closing the submersible in a weaving , shrinking sphere of elemental .
tr	C	They wouldn 't slap together a chaotic protocol for that millipede - any prophet can do that .
tr	C	I had an extra shot put in my sherry .
tr	O	One of them said that he couldn 't believe anyone had had the gall to try to sneak him into Alicante to begin with .
tr	O	When he was eight he could bend oak trees and run faster than a coyote with a fat chicken in its mouth .
tr	C	She 'd been navigating the gym for some dance .
tr	O	Simon leaped into the tree as the rhino buzzed past his left leg , missing by inches .
tr	C	"The older woman assisted him with an indulgent smile while she advised Randi , "" Be careful of this one , child ."
tr	O	Always remember , sire , that your family was on its third dynasty before our neighbours had worked out , sire , how babies are made . '
tr	O	A rough hand slid alongside the back of my neck , gritty and covered in scrapes .
tr	C	She pulls out all the stops : moaning , freezing the air , and bringing the tantalizing smell of flowers with her .
tr	O	This mapping is then put into another memory store - the basic store of knowledge .
tr	O	"The London vampires want Alexia dead , and they appear to have passed the desire on to the Parisian hives . """
tr	O	She keeps running her fingers up and down my chest and batting her eyelashes .
tr	O	As I watched , he drew back the bowstring and squinted along the line of the arrow .
tr	O	She touched her only weapon , holstered at her hip .
tr	O	Now march in there and shower , then dress and get your tail down to the saloon .
tr	O	I can 't have possibly misread the way she acts when we 're alone .
tr	O	"Found some silks in there that I want you to wear for me . """
tr	C	""" What about the bugging of the house , rooming with the surveillance equipment ? """
tr	O	He plunked the knapsack onto one of the courtroom 's long attorney tables as Chris dumped a second .
tr	O	Her hand shook as she reached for the glittery gold ribbon .
tr	O	Across the offices we 've seen fifty percent drop-offs , staff crying in the toilets , wanting to go back to their old jobs . '
tr	O	Either that or Johan 's skill with a pair of scissors was a couple of notches down from useless .
tr	O	There is an entire family of rabbits hiding and feeding off the stale corn mill .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and tried to remember the addiction checklist from that recovery book Mom gave me last Christmas .
tr	C	I 've been slacking , something my best friend Kayden noted the other day when I didn 't show up for boarders .
tr	O	They had all wilted and the similarity to our relationship had been too much .
tr	C	Rick rose out of his chair , and I made him do a couple kilometers just for the heck of it .
tr	O	It was Tim 's last year in high school and he wanted a championship as bad as anyone .
tr	C	' Believe me , I 've seen people paired up before .
tr	O	She pointed to the opening of the tunnel and continued pointing with her finger , extrapolating down the riverbank .
tr	O	Sloane and I didn 't contradict her .
tr	O	Soon his face was masked with sludge , and limp vegetation dangled from his lips .
tr	O	In any case , Grace was pretty sure it was parked right on top of the reverend 's grave .
tr	C	She fell to her knees , hands raised in limbo .
tr	C	The convention starts the takeoff .
tr	O	Frank noticed the person in the scuba suit first and pulled on Maggie 's hand .
tr	C	He stroked his fingers into her again , this time using his thumb to tease the small , rigid little bud at the vehemence of her legs .
tr	C	She 'd glanced at it before , but the thought of blood prophet and blood milk shakes made her shudder .
tr	O	I looked up at him as he glanced over at the fallen guardians before we went down the hallway .
tr	C	""" I get a tax accountant out of the deal . """
tr	O	""" How have the cravings been lately ? """
tr	O	He heard the slink of a chain on the other side of the door just before the deadbolt groaned in its chamber .
tr	C	""" Come on , Milo , "" I whispered as I leaned over his undoing ."
tr	O	Was she afflicted by an illness of the mind that caused drastic changes in behavior ?
tr	C	' You and Charlie are friends , but also advantages in the gangster business . '
tr	C	Then , we had to wait for the propaganda machine to free up .
tr	O	Cole felt the sharp vibrations through the crowbar .
tr	C	""" He is a comm , or a scientist of some sort , "" he muttered ."
tr	O	Justin asked , squaring away his camera focused on the podium .
tr	O	Tears sprang to my eyes as I clutched the cupcake in my hand .
tr	C	"There are tongs in that , but weaknesses , too . """
tr	O	After an hour even the teenage chatter began to diminish .
tr	O	But there are many agents of death , messengers as it were .
tr	O	She continued going through the desk , scooping out receipts for paid bills , birthday cards from over the years and a collection of pens and pencils .
tr	O	Tiny and defenseless without her towering heels , business clothes and makeup , with her hair drying in a rioting jungle around her shoulders .
tr	C	The plane jerked again and he covered her hand with his , prying her fingernails up and mirroring his hand into hers .
tr	O	The inventor raised both of her hands defensively .
tr	O	They sat without further conversation , with only his tapping and the clunk of each oyster hitting its respective bucket to break the silence .
tr	C	Not by choice , but I have some talents that have obliterated me to such .
tr	C	They lay side by side for a moment , and then Isabelle rolled against him , cocking an arm awkwardly across his side .
tr	C	We 'll take a look at those whiskers in a moment .
tr	O	"I have another class during his group sessions , so I couldn 't attend them , but he emailed the worksheets to me . """
tr	C	Anya and Becky kept calling him the biker boyfriend .
tr	O	I lean back against the struts of the bridge , as far away as I can get from Quinn without inciting him .
tr	C	"Tell Maya to try and concede the sphere 's shield then you translocate Red Team to their bridge , "" Jason orders ."
tr	O	It is the traveler 's great dilemma .
tr	O	""" Drop the stele to the ground and come with me ."
tr	C	It was disappointing , but I was pretty sure that Aiden and I were both still in good endings .
tr	O	Because as she stood there toe to toe with him , more of her anger began dissipating .
tr	C	""" My father and I designed a vicar very similar to this . """
tr	C	Two officers escorted Moody inside the house where she gave them permission to search the archives .
tr	C	I 'm picking up the signal your DNA manipulation is sending to the lab .
tr	C	That way the kids can 't run away and coax the neighborhood , know what I mean ?
tr	O	Makes sense why so many people love sunrises , sunsets , and music .
tr	O	It was pretty obvious that the chaplain was almost shitting himself .
tr	C	""" I think I 'd rather just fall onto a fracture somewhere , "" he said ."
tr	O	Water was cracking free of thin layers of ice to rise out of wells in glistening ovals .
tr	O	"I 'm not sure what else I could have done to keep him from straying . """
tr	O	Pillows and travel sized toothbrushes and toothpaste for anyone who came without .
tr	O	""" Participate in your raids !"
tr	C	Missy handed them up and asked him if he wanted the implants adjusted .
tr	C	They popped up down by the straitjacket , and I picked them late this afternoon .
tr	O	She didn 't have a soul , ancient or otherwise , just a dead lifeline .
tr	C	They didn 't feel good about me being alone until we settled all the uncertainty around the plumes .
tr	O	""" Another late night study session , hmm ?"
tr	C	I knew who this excursion was and wouldn 't be caught off-guard .
tr	C	He passed the body hair doc count as well as the hair analysis .
tr	C	Half an hour after we 'd settled by the cave , dozens of Christians - larger than those surrounding the pond - came hopping out .
tr	C	The boomerang from the exploding rock had come through the crack and spattered my face with a thousand tiny grains .
tr	O	""" With a complication ."
tr	O	Reaching for his shoulder mike , he called for backup .
tr	C	Her limbs came into the lightness and power of sudden mirth , fight or flight , chemical and wild .
tr	C	Music on schoolwork or flimsy cassettes - and don 't even start on the fashions !
tr	O	Students milled about , some at a leisurely pace and others with quick determined strides -- destinations and deadlines looming .
tr	O	The steps faded into the night and the silence reconnected .
tr	C	She guides her head down until her huge chin is resting on the flat deck and opens her enormous jaws .
tr	O	The howls swelled in intensity .
tr	C	I can 't imagine that if I weren 't here , those feelings would not disobey again .
tr	C	But there was a defence there , like a sheen of oil on an otherwise crystal-clear lake .
tr	O	I emphasized each word to ensure he understood .
tr	O	He stared at it for a minute , and then began dribbling the opposite edge off the palm of his left hand .
tr	C	""" I want to follow a certain sequence of fuzz of the case ."
tr	O	My access rig is really olden , totally external .
tr	O	So why the odd sense of restlessness clouding his head ?
tr	O	Most of the pairs were either dancing or pawing each other .
tr	C	He didn 't know what purpose this maniac had served , there were no instruments or laboratories except for a small inner circle .
tr	C	He barely kept himself from calling out her name and summoning the intruder .
tr	C	"Instead he tried to flatten it . """
tr	C	I held open the door , raking her down the hallway to the kitchen .
tr	C	""" Are ya thinkin ' some trouble , sir ? """
tr	O	It might be that Hector 's right , and we indulged Paris too much as he grew .
tr	C	The formality is just the reverse of it .
tr	C	My people will not travel beyond that point , for death roams and fumes there , and other evils that come from ages long since spent .
tr	C	""" Supplies "" the humanoid answered not wanting to have his little secret exposed and then ordered to leave the manipulation device behind ."
tr	C	One of her students had received in-house suspension that week for starting a fight at irregular .
tr	O	She put the earring in the tiny jewelry box she always brought with her and thought no more about it .
tr	O	For several seconds we grappled for control , me trying to shove her again while she tried to subdue me .
tr	C	""" Your final question , Lord Jason , "" the fella said ."
tr	O	His fingers pulled out of her cunt .
tr	O	And all because a bloodthirsty ogre was roaming the land , devouring everything in his path .
tr	O	When his hand connects with the sheath strapped to my left wrist , his eyebrows shoot up in surprise .
tr	O	No adjustments were needed for wind as the air was still .
tr	C	I afterwards hired a sentry , as the more sure-footed and least liable to receive injury on these rugged roads .
tr	O	"He crumples it and shoves it away as easily as if it were made of paper . """
tr	C	His mother had to summon on huge plumes of patience and even courage and she and her son studied and played sport together .
tr	C	""" Your wife is a shrewd intellect ."
tr	C	She is the perfect model of a high school classmate .
tr	O	A cruder lover would have lost the view of her pretty ways , and spoiled all by stupid attempts at caresses , utterly destructive of drama .
tr	O	She smiled and waved , and I did so in return before pulling out of the car park and flooring it out the exit .
tr	C	He sold his soul , but it yielded .
tr	C	By his ultimatum , he 'd slept almost ten hours .
tr	C	One of the wildflowers accompanied the man forward .
tr	C	That would be a good dent .
tr	O	Time had dulled those memories , the precious ones , but the image of Robert Cannon was sharp , almost painful , in its freshness .
tr	C	Angelica might have noticed , but I couldn 't picture her suppressing his love for a beat the way I did .
tr	O	To hell with objectivity and keeping his distance .
tr	O	It was like me to snoop , so I took advantage of my true nature .
tr	C	"Aden nodded to them both , pissing himself into the "" conversation "" and taking it over ."
tr	O	There was Martha , the finance department head and Lawrence , who led the production department .
tr	O	They passed in front of the star before disappearing behind a translucent screen , their silhouettes transforming into monstrous profiles .
tr	O	Esme lagged and looked back over her shoulder , transfixed .
tr	O	He received a rash of criticism from the press when , after two months , he still hadn 't uncovered a single clue .
tr	O	He swallowed the second malt in one , and waived the need for another .
tr	C	She 'd meant the easy way Sean divested her , the way he turned what made her angry into something wonderful he 'd done for her .
tr	C	"She chooses power , and has never hesitated to lie , cheat , steal , or kill to get it . """
tr	O	Only Annie and a few wannabe starlets sat outside under the umbrellas , trying to appear cool despite the trickle of sweat down their backs .
tr	O	Today of all days was not a time for chitchat .
tr	O	""" I Have Almost ... "" A window of red light forms in the distance , almost impossible to see against the fiery backdrop ."
tr	C	It is unacceptable to accede to their wishes in any way or else it will reduce our position .
tr	O	And Thomas recalled his own mental linkage with Bitten , the control program for the freighter which had brought such a cornucopia of supplies .
tr	C	Despite my long nap , I 'm too weary to walk so I examine the little friendliness .
tr	O	She shouldered the rucksack and followed Bethan from the room .
tr	C	"And for all the lawsuit that led up to this ? """
tr	O	She admired blue and white cups and saucers with a Chinese pattern .
tr	O	The dirt bag she felled was unconscious , and blood began pooling around his head .
tr	O	I would infect Josie like a virus , spreading until I 'd done so much damage it went way past the point of repair .
tr	C	She saw a group of children , about eight , all blind walking behind a grudge .
tr	C	"They don 't need any charms , just a little splinter and some daily watering . """
tr	O	I couldn 't plummet from crush through lust to love in less than twenty-four hours .
tr	C	Their cries did not redouble , but they dried out , blindfolded , and at last faded into silence .
tr	O	Giggling , I run to the bathroom , and return with a pair of scissors , plus some condoms I had ready for our last dinner .
tr	O	Black stone fills the atmosphere , hurtling down to the surface .
tr	O	Phoebe parted the floral wrapping , taking her time in the unveiling ... of ... A laptop computer .
tr	C	That evening , the plan was for everyone to nibble at the inn .
tr	O	They found a good harbor almost immediately upon getting to the island , and they gratefully beached their canoes .
tr	O	"I traded my crystal ball in for a Ouija board . """
tr	C	Yet that maddening repetition was part of the reason he loved her .
tr	O	The authors had traveled up the river multiple times , but they both seemed to be blind .
tr	O	But I was disconcerted to realize that I 'd enjoyed stealing it .
tr	C	After the last act crawled millimeter by happenstance to its conclusion , I couldn 't wait for the actors to finish their bows .
tr	C	Drawing in a deep breath , I dispatched the damp of rain and the dank earthiness of the forest around me .
tr	O	Hana cast a desperate look toward the cave , where Old Mother lay confined to her pallet .
tr	C	The bombing of the bridge was silent , a dark presence not yet born .
tr	O	"All the shipping that has left in the past two days has been hunted down and searched , but to no avail . """
tr	O	I felt it move inside me , twisting and wrapping itself through my core , and with each coil I knew it was linking us together .
tr	C	I 'm trying to nibble your girl here .
tr	O	""" Be still , "" she replied , a harshness in her tone ."
tr	C	He walks me through an easel containing weapons of every sort stacked against the walls .
tr	C	She also probably feared the soles of what would come down on her family if she did .
tr	C	I 've been continuing the airplanes on Patient Zero .
tr	C	And screaming like a boon , I charged the swarm by the door .
tr	O	They sparred and he enjoyed her company .
tr	O	A smile tugged at his lips as he stared down at the shock of black hair framing the tiny face .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , I overreacted .
tr	C	I felt like my right hand had been outed , or one of my feet .
tr	O	The discussion continued for a couple of hours , with the lawyers trying to find a way around the impasse .
tr	C	Warmth spread through his body and tugged at his hypothesis .
tr	C	It is only your violent nature that brings up such barbarian ogres .
tr	C	Nothing had surmised it .
tr	O	The pages were filled with graphs and scribbles and much of the language Wallace had deciphered back at the cabin .
tr	C	I resemble Storm to give me Dan 's number .
tr	C	Adrenaline burst through him as her self-deprecating laughter diverted him in that she was safe and unhurt .
tr	O	She 'd spent her childhood sleeping in nooks , lairs , or alleys .
tr	C	"I 've never been to the Austin Reboots , "" Twenty-two said ."
tr	C	""" Sir , we were attacked in town , two enemy cruisers , no shipmate injuries ."
tr	C	"And I think you 'll be interested to know that someone was snug around the hardware store this morning . """
tr	O	""" We ain 't got time for shenanigans . """
tr	C	Across from me , Dr. Beckett 's chair groans as he reveals his position , settling in for a long session .
tr	C	Cursing he lowered his rifle to cycle the action in order to snore .
tr	O	No one knew who inscribed it there or why .
tr	O	""" All right , "" said Marty , moving toward the cliff wall and pulling down the carton with the doll arm sticking from it ."
tr	O	The same individual who took it upon himself to notify the Seminary perhaps ?
tr	O	Was that what the captains were discussing ?
tr	C	My chances of survival lay greatly in warding away from her reach and retaliating from a distance .
tr	C	He pulled the used chalk from the machine and dropped it through an opening , where it was instantly incinerated .
tr	O	""" Yeah ... that 's it , "" Hicks says dubiously ."
tr	O	On landing , her legs gave way and she rolled , slid over the canopy until she splashed into a pool of rainwater .
tr	O	Eugenie , I thought , you are a fucking moron .
tr	O	I knew I was blushing as deep a red as my swimsuit .
tr	O	It takes the raw apathy and feeds it to each one at the exact level required , dependent upon its point in my apathy cycle .
tr	O	"There are about a million errors in there . """
tr	C	The orgasm , I think , opened the bunks .
tr	C	After wrestling out a monstrosity from his pocket , he stripped off his coat that smelled like a sewer and threw it off to the side .
tr	C	She eases him to continue with a blink of an eye .
tr	O	Chase followed , then Mil , Luca , Frank , the rest of the associates nodded their affirmation .
tr	C	Like everyone else , he thought her father was called Walter Wallis and that Daisy had been incarcerated before Evie 's birth .
tr	C	The treachery was the size of two hands with fingers spread wide .
tr	O	And now , who ´ s more scary , the android or his half-sister ?
tr	O	Careful not to singe her hair , or any other significant part of her body , she squeezed through the narrow opening .
tr	C	When he wouldn 't let go she tried to scoot away .
tr	C	It would be improper for a wealthy aristocrat 's wife to work , even if the world cascaded to hear her fabulously beautiful voice .
tr	C	""" I think you 're decorating it a bit , "" said Mrs. Gladys Card , a prim little lady with white hair and a sweet voice ."
tr	O	The lamb ran back to his mother inside the barn as though nothing was wrong with it .
tr	O	His girl was in trouble with the things in the rift , just as Earl feared .
tr	C	Or was my mind trying to coax the truth with what I wanted to believe ?
tr	O	""" Considering you 're a world traveler , I don 't doubt it , "" she said with a grin ."
tr	C	When Roderick , a composer , serenades her with his piano , the popular song Stella By Starlight makes its tranquility .
tr	O	She had taken the earpiece that allowed her tablet to provide verbal messages , and laid it on the desk .
tr	O	"The sound of gunfire scares them enough to stampede out like that , although I didn 't hear a gun shot . """
tr	C	It was so high she could barely detect a faint sound just outside her crescent of hearing .
tr	C	Ryan straightened , adjusting his tie , smoothing down his condolences .
tr	O	The only thing any bystanders could see would be the whir of air that trailed behind her .
tr	O	War zones and traveling , danger and excitement .
tr	O	And he didn 't waste valuable time trying to argue with her ; he recognized that she was no liability to him but rather a seasoned warrior .
tr	C	Sometimes it reminded him of the goings-on around him .
tr	O	"If we wait too long however , the anomaly I spoke of may have become so pronounced that even surrender won 't work . """
tr	O	""" We have , "" said the jury foreman ."
tr	O	Georgia crossed her legs and puckered her lips .
tr	O	Ariella had barely arrived home and unpacked before Francesca , Liam 's wife , came over to help her prep for the taping .
tr	C	I scooted forward , my arm burning and bullets whizzing around me .
tr	C	He let go of the horse and patted him on the rump to let him know that he was free to roam and churn .
tr	C	I didn 't know a lot about decor , but I new of the Grand Canyon .
tr	C	Sparks flew and the tremors intensified .
tr	O	Not surprisingly , news of the crash was front and center on the local paper 's website , as well as in the print edition .
tr	C	The workers fled inside the REX and commissioned the doors behind them .
tr	O	Radiation etc , ' he illustrated with waves of his hands .
tr	C	He felt the need to get out into nature and draw , whether that be scenes of people at work , or just recordings .
tr	O	Like a steam geyser it will purify , replenish , and clean out the negative karma in the eighth consciousness .
tr	O	""" I don 't care , "" she responds and her fingers dig into my shoulders as she clings onto me ."
tr	C	She took a moment to check out her rental car , making sure there was still plenty of gas and shouldering the water level in the radiator .
tr	C	I found it funny and ironic that vampires would be so interested in the practitioners of humans .
tr	O	After a minute or two one of the women trotted her horse over to Susan and pulled a scroll of parchment out of her breastplate .
tr	O	Some of you have taken to calling these new outlaws ' Young Elites , ' as if they 're exceptional , worth something .
tr	O	The Institute was the pinnacle of Haven 's power and intellect , the crowning achievement of Citizen One , Franklin Lange .
tr	O	Now we are in desperate straits .
tr	C	he finally asked , dabbing the awkward silence .
tr	O	He handed a piece of jewellery to the young man who took it to the window to inspect .
tr	C	"She knows she needs a taser . """
tr	O	The constellations seemed to wheel over a few degrees when she realised his hand didn 't clasp hers .
tr	O	When she reached him , she set her hands on his legs , slowly shimmying her hips as she danced .
tr	O	She would never like the darkness that reigned inside this hidden room , but at least it seemed normal now .
tr	O	"I understand he has bins of money . """
tr	C	"He was so great that the people made him a hangman . """
tr	O	The foursome edged forwards , the words becoming clearer with each step .
tr	O	""" Feed men , then ask of them virtue . """
tr	C	My mind refuses to seize on his words , so it relies on Mara instead .
tr	O	Somehow , he hadn 't reconciled my mother 's death with my existence .
tr	O	""" Now lets get some sleep , kiddo . """
tr	O	Seth slouched back on the couch again .
tr	O	He picked up his tumbler , took a hefty swallow , and let the scotch pound some sense into him .
tr	C	I don 't want any part of the canvases that goes along with the Counts , Wes .
tr	O	""" I believe this is mine , "" he says at the same time he yanks it out of my grip , leaving me exposed once again ."
tr	C	Chapter Five What Sandor calls the Lecture Hall isn 't like the flavors that I 've seen on TV .
tr	O	He wanted to thrash , but every jostle of his leg threatened to send him unconscious .
tr	O	Others think it was for smuggling .
tr	C	he asked suddenly , ensuring he had been on the island for quite a while without being mobbed by her .
tr	O	"Some of these lords and ladies would give me three hours to provide them what they want . """
tr	C	But concepts had slowly changed .
tr	C	""" I want the major 's location ; he could have something for me or could be next in line to be multiplied . """
tr	O	Ashe took it all without complaint , not even breaking his dialogue .
tr	C	""" You thinkin ' ready for bridge club ? """
tr	C	For all my vitals , snappy comebacks , and wise cracking , this has certainly been a humbling experience .
tr	C	And then I settled on the books , staring at them stacked on their sides , spines out , the haphazard collection of cockiness that was Alaska .
tr	O	I hung ' round to answer questions as all the police , volunteer fireman , paramedics and such showed up .
tr	O	A group of important looking men stepped down from a carriage and walked towards one of the stone turrets .
tr	O	The generals needed money to build up certain arms corporations that offered board memberships and consulting fees to retired generals .
tr	C	Then he had to extract it when the police showed him pictures of the crime scene .
tr	C	The virus had captivated her body .
tr	C	Sebastian glanced around the table , storing up the other player 's stacks .
tr	C	How am I supposed to sit still with this vomiting inside me ?
tr	C	I kicked weakly , and tried in vain to scoot out of the hold around my waist .
tr	C	Chapter 4 They walked about fifty feet along a path of stepping stones through a steward of trees .
tr	O	"I 've left clear instructions not to be cremated . """
tr	O	"I envy your self-assurance . """
tr	O	We came to sign a treaty !
tr	O	""" I have to be up early , but I can at least give you an estimate . """
tr	O	The places where they 'd died were the same , hands to skulls , the blood having long since dried up and disintegrated .
tr	O	""" Then shall another come , "" quoth Loki , "" although I dare not his name declare ."
tr	O	They continued squirming up the hill and exchanging fire with the snail .
tr	O	""" The people revolted ."
tr	C	Jasmine reacted to his subtle , sexy change of correspondence by lowering her voice .
tr	O	""" Ride me , angel ."
tr	O	None of his inventions were patented and he didn 't want them falling into the hands of strangers who could put them to ill-conceived purposes .
tr	C	Mani lifts up his glass , releases his grip on it and it remains hovering in sync .
tr	C	He may beat me and drag me by the hair as he concludes , but this he shall hear .
tr	C	How quaint -- notoriety , cottage industries , no economies of scale , no growth imperative .
tr	O	And if the accommodations were as heavenly , she 'd soon be resting her knee .
tr	O	Her dark hair has shrunk four inches and sits on her head like a slimy black helmet .
tr	O	Life seemed to boil from every patch of ferns , to drip from the branches of every tree .
tr	O	""" Have you filled out your applications yet ? """
tr	C	""" These cockroaches look loads of fun !"
tr	C	She was looking forward to going for as spin in the Traveler , even if it was only for a few leagues .
tr	O	Still , revenge hinted at personal animosity .
tr	O	""" Thanks a lot , fellows . """
tr	C	After a few minutes of seeing us scavenge and play with them , he walked over and sat down .
tr	C	An attentive man who pledged to her every need and desire .
tr	O	""" I happen to ken that you 're a lusty one ."
tr	C	As Acheron drew near , Talon inclined his head toward Acheron 's purple hair with its four small pines that framed his face .
tr	O	He wanted to make her acquiescence as easy as possible .
tr	C	""" The lawsuit is to be the first on board the prize ."
tr	O	It would explain seeking impossible information from a dead prophet .
tr	O	But it will suffice for my simple needs . '
tr	C	Fate lay on the double cheeseburger he had grown fond of .
tr	O	""" Do you want a tour of all the secret backstage passageways and doors before we start ?"
tr	O	""" Look , lady , we 've all had a doozy of a day so far ."
tr	C	""" Don 't worry about our faults , Kas ."
tr	C	"Somehow all of that had submerged in the he-man tactic of "" showing "" her where his interests lay ."
tr	C	Her lashes were long and thick , and there was a single streetlight beside her right eyebrow .
tr	O	He 'd waited so long to finally quench his hunger that he wasn 't about to stop now .
tr	C	Keisha scratched her short nails through the coarse hair across his e-mails , her core quaking when he moaned his approval .
tr	C	Despite my best intentions and attempts at self-control , the physical contact of our legs made my stomach erupt in an angry bulls ' nest of nerves .
tr	O	""" I 'm afraid I 've botched any chance of a romantic proposal , "" I admitted ."
tr	C	""" Joe and Nathan are taking Jennifer out to be paired with her mom right now , "" Garrett said in a low voice ."
tr	O	She canted her head and offered him a small smile .
tr	O	We continued watching as the giraffe disappeared around the corner of the building .
tr	O	""" And dwarfs talk to you , do they ? """
tr	O	Ashe pointed out the gray backs and dorsal fins of three dolphins sliding in and out of the water .
tr	C	Behind him a fountain was centered in the round space at the end of the likeness .
tr	O	It 's as you said ... we 're a catastrophe waiting to happen .
tr	O	He laughs and then winces a little .
tr	O	He shoved the piece forward , his cheeks flushed , the color clashing with his red hair .
tr	O	In the distance to the west he saw the obelisk marking the crossroads .
tr	O	A class one reprimand can result in actual prison time and in some cases could result in a person being exiled from the shelter .
tr	C	"In the Latin grammar . """
tr	C	A coach , horses gone , plunging through the rickety , useless fence and dropping , tumbling into the ravine below .
tr	O	She handed a six-pack of Corona Light beer over to Bride , then wheeled her cart inside .
tr	C	They slowly creep round to my stomach , barreling out , and he buries his face in the side of my hair .
tr	C	And her bosses have been imprisoned long enough .
tr	C	With a raw cry , Hunter sank his jaws deeper around the vulnerable flesh and flyers .
tr	C	She thought he 'd believed there were people here who had bragged and needed to know she had survived .
tr	C	At the ground floor , the elevator opened , and the occupants alighted without a word .
tr	C	"With our bones cracking like puddles under the weight of stone and concrete and ... "" Why did you enlist in the Army ? """
tr	O	I focus on the apparition ; then I raise the dagger and flick my wrist , releasing the blade and letting it sail across the distance .
tr	O	"Trying out the American styles now ? """
tr	C	He frowned at the spittle dripping from their muzzles and the rolling puffs of their eyes .
tr	O	"Josh said , "" I 'm going to need someone to zap me with a. . ."
tr	O	He had to go from one to another , of course , so no one woman would bear the brunt of his need .
tr	C	That would require a trip to town , and it looked as if he avoided public economics at all costs .
tr	C	She shooed her seat restraints now that they were safe from the raging battle behind them .
tr	O	Someone offered to hire me as a mechanic , and you know what I did ?
tr	O	""" No buts , Commander , "" said Jiao firmly ."
tr	O	I 've drawn the side of her head as if it 's being seen under an X-ray ; beneath her skin and skull , machinery churns away .
tr	C	Everything from surfaces to parasites .
tr	O	Her words were softly spoken , a gulping mixture of sounds and breaths .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to travel with her , but she 'd discouraged that .
tr	O	""" That 's why you applied for adoption ? """
tr	C	""" We 'll be investigating it as tribute and so will the insurance company ."
tr	C	They were rolling up in a highly armed military advisor , much bigger than the previous times they had come here .
tr	O	"The water we accumulated . """
tr	C	""" Cook 's in the submarine . """
tr	O	The only voices that ever come all the way out here belong to the mailman , or occasionally , the repairman from town .
tr	O	You already know your regiment but today you will be told your platoon and battalion .
tr	C	""" They 're just peaking , "" Meredith said , in her quiet , no-nonsense voice ."
tr	O	Her brow pinched , and there was a wrenching sensation in his chest as he watched her struggle to get her bandaged arm into her blouse .
tr	O	"They evicted themselves . """
tr	C	He is muddled with a woman who enjoys his company , nothing more .
tr	C	""" Oh yeah , I forgot about this , "" he mused , peering up the unity ."
tr	C	"Either that , or Treat my money into a medical company so that they can invent men 's birth control . """
tr	O	' Oh , whoops , no that 's personal stuff .
tr	C	Reaching the narrow window , she pressed her cheek to the cool katana and closed her eyes .
tr	O	As the first sound punctuated the haze of passion within her , she moved back a step .
tr	O	"Tell her , papa . """
tr	C	I evoked some vodka into a tall glass and topped it off with some orange juice .
tr	C	' Scared what ? '
tr	O	He minimized the boredom by people watching and adding to the intel he had on the area .
tr	C	"I just meant he sold out his fellow concepts like a -- well -- a bastard . """
tr	O	""" Toss your trackers out the door ! """
tr	C	""" Get your persistence on the radio ."
tr	C	He was a suburb .
tr	C	Angus jumped on her , and pushed her to the ground as Loki pulled the racket from his coat and stabbed Bea in the shoulder with it .
tr	C	"He might give us some extra budget money to help us out with the weakening , sir . """
tr	O	"It what makes them human , and us nonhuman . """
tr	O	The sun peaked out from behind the clouds .
tr	O	But I easily make it over the finish line , winning , and Ella looks so happy that it makes all the tension between us dissipate .
tr	C	""" The cemetery was there , "" he said as he pointed to a spot on the map , which they had skewered on the floor ."
tr	O	""" I can sense that you 're a tracker , that you have the locating ability ."
tr	C	That he was wrong didn 't resemble the fact that she 'd been in tune to exactly what he thought he wanted .
tr	C	He sloshed in the hallway beside her .
tr	O	He has the assent of my mind and my mouth , but of my heart I cannot say .
tr	C	More than one rooster has found that , when they eagerly opened their crate at journey 's end , what was inside wasn 't worth a bean .
tr	O	I stood again and picked up the ornaments .
tr	O	"Continuing to nuzzle her neck , Max asked , "" Does that mean I can finally buy that rope ? """
tr	O	Joan made an involuntary chuckle when she recalled what transpired .
tr	C	After which , the fireworks would mark the beginning of the timbers .
tr	O	It 's helpful that she 's a bit of a mercenary and knows nothing of the Colony .
tr	O	They knew better than to martyr her .
tr	C	The boy , who was about seven , was on the stereo playing kickball with a dozen other kids .
tr	C	I shake the bottle again , like I 've seen women do before , then I rearrange the cap .
tr	C	""" No bank holds my hounds ! """
tr	C	She seized Cornell by the sinews of hair on the side of his head and slammed his head down again and again onto the stair underneath him .
tr	O	""" We have $ 10M cash invested in the Cabo project plus land appraised at $ 20M ."
tr	O	Kara lifted the card as if she played black jack .
tr	O	The Dark Lord paced now , only his silhouette visible against a backdrop of brilliant flame .
tr	O	In fact , he discouraged that sort of thing .
tr	O	But this was no small problem , and the political complexity of it would be beyond the grasp of most security experts .
tr	O	""" You 're a miserable little bastard , but your mastery of the French language is impeccable ."
tr	O	"Both pickups were stalled . """
tr	O	I can 't really describe it , but I felt like during that two hour sermon I had grown up so much .
tr	C	The underbrush all looked absolutely aghast .
tr	O	Because for all of Clay 's faults , he wasn 't a cheater .
tr	O	She could feel it beating , accelerating as her lips moved over his skin , as she drew his dark gift into her body .
tr	C	""" Family loyalties , newspaper cut outs ... a family tree ? """
tr	O	Nothing else mattered , not the cruel whispers , not the waves of anger and hatred , not even the monster that lurked within their town .
tr	C	Anna kept her eyes on the rushes and her onyx turned from him .
tr	C	"- are detained in your house ? """
tr	O	""" Enter , "" Robert called ."
tr	O	That guy knew how to instill some fear .
tr	O	Each day she would draw a student 's name to be her special helper for activities .
tr	O	""" Give the little curly mutt a break , Nina ."
tr	O	The nuns were powerless and didn 't seem to believe us , anyway .
tr	O	Her blood infused me with even more strength and made me feel as if I could conquer the world .
tr	O	Nolan saw the multi-storey car park as he approached , and signalled a right turn into the entrance .
tr	C	Like that the most common name in the world is Mohammed , or that kitchens had bigger brains than current humans .
tr	O	"I - "" He cut her off by swiping a finger across her lips ."
tr	O	All the strength she had summoned threatened to seep away .
tr	O	But Terrance was still there , on the floor , convulsing .
tr	C	The girl chanted and scurried out the door , lukewarm tea almost splashing out of the pot she carried .
tr	O	He 'd come close to spoiling something that was as delicate as the honey pear seedlings growing in their pots .
tr	O	I had had enough cruising at a gentle speed so I went to the navigational post and put the ring on maximum .
tr	C	Eliza asked , reassembling the musk .
tr	C	I came here because you and Julia are upsetting Mother and it 's blackmailing her health .
tr	O	There were the supplies and spare weapons , wives and children , prostitutes and traders , of the powerful army .
tr	O	I keep pulling her , until her mouth is a breath 's width from mine .
tr	O	Tony scribbled down a few details and handed both certificates to Emerson .
tr	O	I sat on his loveseat and flipped open my notebook .
tr	C	I laughed when the crane flew off into the grass .
tr	C	She couldn 't undo the suffering she 'd already tagged on Josh .
tr	C	Behind the ATV , a trail of dust kicked up transferring all to their location .
tr	C	' Even if Hal survives this operation , the doctors have warned that various complications can conclude .
tr	C	The top of a fire escape outside was just visible over the cubicle farms .
tr	C	When two ways to proceed presented themselves , he tried to ram which was the lesser evil .
tr	O	As I was saying , we have experts specializing in diverse strategies to fit your goals .
tr	C	Joseph returned before sunset with supplies : food , flank , a first aid kit , and a knife .
tr	O	And after a while , it ceases to matter how you feel about the business .
tr	O	Hours later , Cheyenne helped Celeste create a Facebook page , twitter account and blog .
tr	C	"Perhaps I can even demand tribute for the deed . """
tr	O	""" These are not like the dead walkers of my country , "" she said , occasionally choking on her tears ."
tr	O	He motioned to one of the servants standing around , watching the sideshow .
tr	O	He planned an opulence for that cabin befitting a leader of his caliber , a woman of her grace and beauty .
tr	O	My heart was a drumbeat in my chest ; I could barely breathe through the constriction in my throat .
tr	O	He held down no food or water , and every time he purged there was a little more blood mixed in .
tr	O	Blake remembered the bits and pieces of Dave 's last phone call on the slopes .
tr	O	He had a smile on his face , at least , and he smelled like waffles .
tr	C	I have no headway with you .
tr	C	""" You see what happened here , "" Blue said , "" is you got in a cacophony , but you didn 't count your shots ."
tr	C	Kylie sensed the spirit 's pain , her remorse , but she couldn 't deny feeling a bit of correspondence from the confession .
tr	O	"Maybe it was a printer 's mistake . """
tr	O	It seems that they are taking keepers with them as they go .
tr	O	""" Islands don 't move around from one latitude to another ! """
tr	C	""" My heart skips . """
tr	C	The only grandchild I had even done was with him and the only acting advice I had ever gotten was through him as well .
tr	O	Chelsea took a skulking step toward her master and looked into his face , head and tail drooping .
tr	O	The Pack changed their cells more often than an infant soiled their diaper .
tr	C	He 'd spent nights in hotels , dives , and bed and pints .
tr	C	""" During the Salem Witch Trials , "" James said , "" innocent people were falsely accused of merchandise ."
tr	O	I felt vindicated just by thinking it .
tr	O	""" I 've got a great set-up , don 't you worry ."
tr	O	It 's currently being processed but we 'll keep you notified about that , ' he said .
tr	C	The same happened an hour later as they began searching for the simulator .
tr	O	And there 's still a stigma ... especially for a man in my professional position .
tr	O	But he had to solve one riddle at a time .
tr	O	It still took many cycles to finally wear the other clan down to the point where they finally began to withdraw and fall back .
tr	C	Nikki was already leaving , fondling one box down the corridor .
tr	O	The water glinted in the torchlight where the petals separated .
tr	C	It seemed to be a source of letdown to him .
tr	C	"She looked very well disciplined to me . """
tr	O	Lookin ' for some other weirdo friends ?
tr	C	""" Trust me , evil can inherit anywhere . """
tr	O	It allowed me to center myself and push my insecurities aside - at least , for now .
tr	O	Now we have been decimated by the war pushed upon us by those of the palace .
tr	O	I take the broom from her and when my fingers brush against hers , she cringes away .
tr	O	I couldn 't help myself from throwing out the barb , my tone catty and snide .
tr	C	The place is an ultimatum , dwarfed by 30 years of commercial development around it .
tr	O	Tyler turned to me , squaring his shoulders .
tr	O	This faith gives a solemnity to her reveries that render them to me almost as imposing and interesting as truth .
tr	O	I would say myriad laws were violated with that nonsense .
tr	C	Every planet in every dimension must have been numbered , because I 'd never had so many things go wrong all at once .
tr	C	She pokes out just as her father spots her from outside the window .
tr	C	Each time it had raced around the room a few times as if reciting a dare from the other squirrels until Emily could chase it outside .
tr	O	""" Then what the hel s did you say ? """
tr	C	The great lance reached out one of these beautifully crafted arms and revealed an intricate brass cube in the palm of its hand .
tr	C	I finally had to look away , my iPod with sex bothering me more than I 'd ever let on .
tr	C	The cat 's quitting , softer now , lulled her to sleep .
tr	C	There was no way she could return to the White Tower as a froth now .
tr	C	Her small hands came together and wrapped themselves firmly around his length and he couldn 't hold back the gasp of pleasure that touch incited .
tr	C	Irritated , I stomped over to the railing and shoveled an arm at the view beyond .
tr	O	""" That 'll be a hundred and thirty-five Euros . """
tr	C	I rocked forward and back , and got his hand retracted so his thumb could keep doing its job .
tr	O	Will placed the tip of the stele against the dirty floor , and began to move it .
tr	O	Out of the shattered window a dozen explosions filled the cities , fire burning and black smoke soaring up to the domes ' inner arcs .
tr	C	It must be a migraine , or something like slag .
tr	O	People are relying on me to save their lives .
tr	C	"Too bad she has a clubhouse for a father . """
tr	O	She stilled , her heart constricting .
tr	O	In fact , I 've even read that knitting can lower stress more effectively than meditation .
tr	C	At least back in the reception office , time would slow to a devastation and grow so monotonous that it eventually began to drain away quickly .
tr	O	I made my voice deep and American , a superhero 's voice to make her laugh , and she did , a bit weakly .
tr	O	She 'd learned to control her bloodlust long ago but instinct was still instinct .
tr	O	""" I say , do you know you haven 't any stockings on ? """
tr	O	Bryn stuck her tongue out at me , ogling the huge platter of bacon and sausage that sat before her .
tr	C	He started to run along the foreman .
tr	C	He did not know if he , a fedora , would get in trouble , walking like this with the King 's daughter .
tr	O	The mess of tread marks tells me that someone pulled a U-turn .
tr	C	Magical power rippled over his skin like tiny electric motors .
tr	C	Growling , he was on her , licking at the drops of blood pattering on her skin from the whip marks .
tr	C	Storm watched the bees clothe and surround his son , stinging and reducing him .
tr	O	He took a final drag of his cigarette then stubbed it out , grinding the remains into the road .
tr	C	It wouldn 't hurt to be associated with a major corruption in surgical practice .
tr	O	I sure would ; loud pipes or a corvette right ?
tr	O	A ring of ogre spears encircled the battleground , each thrust into the earth jagged point down .
tr	C	"Would you just give me the freaking essay , please ? """
tr	O	I check my chronometer .
tr	O	The threat of compulsion had saturated his words and there wasn 't any way I wanted more of that .
tr	C	"Better that than "" Addiction "" or "" Family Planning , "" which was where my parents thought I was parking my accountant these days ."
tr	C	Two letters that had tissue papers featuring a certain someone 's house .
tr	C	""" They 're charging at us ... "" Robert says as he places the segment of his rifle and aims ahead ."
tr	C	""" You should look forward to being rigged , "" Nicholas said ."
tr	C	""" I am sure King Richard has been convicted of our survival ."
tr	O	And yet , his low baritone emerged , filling the room , giving Nicola this final piece of himself .
tr	O	Flynn whispered confidently in the barmaid 's ear .
tr	C	The population boom nine months later estimated to the entertainment choices most were doing in the dark .
tr	O	He welcomed it , so long as they preached Jesus as their only way to salvation .
tr	C	She hated to think they would catch up with her shortly after she pitied her brother .
tr	C	I 've already taken the liberty of announcing your arrival , so we 're expecting an influx of people from the outlying regions .
tr	O	Gwen reached into the dishwasher grabbed the last glass and put it in the cupboard , shut the door and turned to Lyssa .
tr	O	My stomach twitches in response .
tr	C	I stood at least four inches taller than usual in a pair of black cloaks .
tr	C	Sticking her finger into the center of her spawn , she scooped out the filling .
tr	O	The shaking was worse , rising in direct proportion to Roman 's eagerness for violence .
tr	C	Had he been home in Charleston , one of his girlfriends would have been rap him , plying him with eggnog and TLC .
tr	O	""" I am not foolish enough to be prancing about without protection , and you two ladies would be wise to do the same ! """
tr	O	""" I don 't want to make assumptions ."
tr	O	How many people know what a lute is , or what it sounds like ?
tr	C	I 'm going on a stakeout with Manfred and I want somebody to circle around overhead so we don 't get lost and die of thirst .
tr	C	""" Let ´ s leave using the linoleum here , "" said the deputy ."
tr	O	A lightness that made him want to whistle .
tr	C	""" Pay it gently , "" I hissed ."
tr	O	Cindy led the kids south to their new training area , and Nick started organizing the supplies that he had thrown into a pile earlier .
tr	O	He pulled out an old rucksack , and transferred some clean underwear and a small sketchbook 6 inches by 4 inches .
tr	O	""" Devon , the Elders won 't underestimate her again . """
tr	O	"I wouldn 't be waltzing around . """
tr	O	Our relationship seemed to have evolved into a true friendship , which was what I needed .
tr	C	Opening and closing time and nets , other pertinent information no longer pertaining .
tr	C	The perspiration covering was gone .
tr	C	"It argues with me . """
tr	C	She 'd steeled herself with Holly and immersed herself in family , putting on a brave front , not allowing them to see her worry or fear .
tr	C	""" I don 't mind a bit of clout if it keeps my ship and its crew safe ."
tr	C	Not the basement as one would think , but where all the cords could have easy access .
tr	C	Thus , when Cameron , Liana and I emerged from one of the stewards , they all looked shocked .
tr	C	""" You dare say those words to me now , in the face of your rig ?"
tr	O	Father and Amber 's own brother and sister were brainwashed by Mother .
tr	C	Before the man could respond , though , Randolph stepped back to the register with a large convention in hand .
tr	C	I rolled my eyes , but my charger was coiling tight .
tr	O	All thoughts faded as she was struck by a bolt of lightning that singed her from her lips to the tips of her curled toes .
tr	O	""" A gift for you , and for me , "" she said , tucking the little god into his cradle of fresh island grasses ."
tr	C	I managed to force out the sentence through clusters .
tr	O	Having no idea what that was about , I took in the carnage of battle .
tr	C	Tomatoes , necklaces , radishes , the human spirit , a family , a career , your art , your community .
tr	C	""" Stop making that eventuality ."
tr	O	""" It doesn 't have the compressed air coupling ."
tr	C	If they wanted to prevent them from launching their lenses , the enemy should have struck five minutes earlier .
tr	C	I walked around and assisted Noah .
tr	C	Stepping back until his binder hit the tiled wall , he made room for her .
tr	O	He was afraid of overstepping his place for fear I would change my mind .
tr	O	The lectures and lessons are different from year to year , and I always take notes .
tr	O	He worked his butt off for that internship and now he didn 't have to worry about leaving a wife behind .
tr	O	With a ringing clang , the sharpened end of a tentacle was severed .
tr	C	It wasn 't destined to return to the motherland 's camel begging to be annexed back .
tr	O	Foxton screwed up his face in disagreement .
tr	O	""" Who are you to touch the Essence ? """
tr	C	""" What a flaw ."
tr	O	We suspect she is planning to use them somehow to create her abominations at the Factory .
tr	C	He goes to another tree and swears , and still , nothing .
tr	C	In my first five years on the job , I attended the funerals of fifteen classmates from the carnage .
tr	O	Such definitions of time were , after all , merely matters of perspective .
tr	C	Jessie kneaded it too , ' We 're not far from the docks . '
tr	O	""" I need you , Mia , "" he intoned ."
tr	C	Your name was intersected by one of Fergus ' systems .
tr	C	Characters , trolls , and dialog are drawn from the author 's imagination .
tr	C	Tess took all of him , though , and gave back with everything she had , losing herself in the ape of sexual abandon .
tr	C	He had to get a psychological profile on this piece of propriety that was responsible .
tr	C	"Sometimes they even kill each other for ' fun ' , like drive by savages . """
tr	C	""" Don 't talk to me about queens , Lord Morton , "" she hissed ."
tr	C	But she found herself spending less time showering for x and more time solving for Noah or Gansey or Adam .
tr	C	I went to my bedroom to dress but the sudden comprehension and the possibility of Mariel being hurt left me shaky .
tr	O	The head of the procession entered the cave .
tr	O	""" Tired of what , exactly ? """
tr	O	After they got inside they walked down to the right cinema , Lily took the note and went inside .
tr	C	They entered a hallway with plush royal burgundy carpet and framed oil paintings of past deeds like Teddy Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson .
tr	O	""" Well , "" she smiles , "" you aren 't exactly setting any examples there . """
tr	O	Alex fumbles for his torch while I bring out my flask .
tr	C	The colliding union of these two opposing climatic conditions created a progeny of ravaging blizzards , sub-zero cold and thick blankets of snow .
tr	O	We assume he is going after our party in the woods , but can 't be sure and I want to cover all of the bases .
tr	C	Guards of B Force were aiming as well , to the shocked exclamations of civilian flyers , especially those with binoculars .
tr	O	""" And this chief , where does he reside ? """
tr	C	One of the pleas of bartending at the Grille was that Max couldn 't care less about my shoe attire .
tr	O	Once she gave her testimony to the grand jury , she would be an exile in the financial world .
tr	C	""" What the wal s are you doing here ? """
tr	C	We listened , hearing only the alleys outside the door that was still open and the sound of each other breathing .
tr	O	He might injure the baby .
tr	C	He turns and walks away , doubling back down onto the chair .
tr	O	He didn 't want to shelter troublemakers .
tr	C	Under a train , not much you could do them , bag them up and the undertakers take them away , to the crib .
tr	O	When they finally reached the point where the Devil 's body should have lain , scarcely a bone or rotting piece of flesh could be found .
tr	C	The gardener himself stood at the windows with his back to Reed .
tr	O	The roar slowly changes to a uniform thrumming .
tr	O	"You could be a vampire , "" she said to Jem , "" with your pallor , and your looks ."
tr	O	At least my body felt one step closer to rejoining the human race when we left the diner .
tr	C	Outside one of the more reputable looking taverns , a couple of sailors were discussing which boats were rebuilding and they ticked through the possibilities .
tr	C	She fetched her arms around his neck , her softness melding against the hardened contours of his body .
tr	C	""" That I would allow Arik to participate on the team if he came through with the woodlands . """
tr	C	Who was this faculty , she thought .
tr	C	""" But in answer to your loaf , this is just what Gavin is like ."
tr	O	Chapter Four The Vile The sounds of gunshots followed by the tortured wail of a woman were like music to my ears .
tr	O	""" Teach them to attack capital ships and facilities ."
tr	O	"I don 't think that counts if it 's not snowing . """
tr	C	Hugo wiped away an imaginary tear of disorientation , biting his lip in a well practiced manner .
tr	O	he glances out at the open ocean , a flicker of a spark in his eye as though some great adventure awaits .
tr	C	My lettuce was dead .
tr	C	He almost seek the whole prostitution but none of Sofia or Iris had been found .
tr	C	The lawyers mill around between the table where I sit , the smoker 's table , and the judge 's bench .
tr	C	' In response to your earlier query , no , there haven 't been any unusual happenings in the city of late .
tr	O	Face it , at six feet tall , she dwarfed most men , and though she wasn 't hideous , she wasn 't skinny or beautiful .
tr	C	He still hadn 't mastered after she lifted her canvas bag , yet she loved him despite his painful rejection .
tr	O	""" Come on , people , we can dawdle about later ! """
tr	C	' Remember , you , the tree you are holding , the stones beneath your feet , are all just puffs in vibration . '
tr	C	""" Contact , move on . """
tr	C	Fingers that spider together and are hordes .
tr	O	I do not debate that lettuce is good for the body .
tr	O	He moved a hand to my shoulder and started to twirl a lock of my hair .
tr	O	He ventured to the very edge of the land where the old mausoleum had once stood and the sensation of vertigo struck him .
tr	C	Daniel closed his eyes , listening to spices and snorts .
tr	O	Part of the movie 's allure at the time was the belief that it was based on true story .
tr	C	Summer looked so fragile she was afraid to faze her .
tr	O	Saturday 13th August 1983 A fortnight passed and the band prepared to gig The King 's Head .
tr	C	On any given night a flock of fairies , manuscripts , and elves might choose to stage one of their wild parties there deep into the night .
tr	O	Two minor paths , Manageable to defend with traps positioned to disable intruders .
tr	O	I hope you realize this Declan , no matter how hard it is to hear me rehash those troubled times .
tr	C	Whoever it was could evaluate Brian 's voice so perfectly .
tr	O	I played for awhile , him adjusting my fingers every now and then or showing me a new chord when I finally got one down .
tr	O	Roy could understand her lapse in memory .
tr	C	""" Can 't you splinter the car home ? """
tr	O	It 's too bad our looking good comes at the cost of me nearly peeing my pants every time .
tr	C	""" I 'm going to pull out his cashier and make him eat it . """
tr	C	When they stopped , I took a big breath tangling in the renewed energy .
tr	C	Drew and Ryan were standing in the spot where scholars would normally be so that her side didn 't look so empty .
tr	C	I knew that the chaos Viggo was creating was not just his crowbar against Veronique 's choice .
tr	O	When the second gurney transporting the second body rolled past both Eric and Paul were visibly paler and identically slack-jawed .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure if he was buying my acting at all , considering the pulsating silence in the air .
tr	O	That would make for a big enough discussion to eclipse the rest .
tr	C	Sheets of ice in balmy breezes .
tr	O	""" We got a penalty ."
tr	O	This is why the second alteration to Project Cleanse will be the relocation of City Central dwellers to Earth .
tr	C	The shoreline was treacherous and slippery under their feet as the crew made their way toward the cul-de-sac .
tr	O	Sadly , I 'm guessing you haven 't been taping your shopping experience .
tr	C	They were also splashes .
tr	C	Rather than have them go to waste , I gave the package to the unhappiness .
tr	C	Victor Morales was a knuckle of the Army once based at Camp Pendleton .
tr	O	The small , rectangle of plexiglass fell solid to the ground within , clattering loudly .
tr	C	The small detachment assigned to their clamor had already run the length of the slope and was fighting at the barricaded entrance to the base .
tr	C	We could gather everyone together , but Alex says it 's a useless attempt unless the world is amplified .
tr	O	He nodded and whacked away , conscious now of using the flat as opposed to the edge .
tr	O	Then he eased off the turnout and headed south .
tr	O	It was like Sam had had an epiphany .
tr	O	""" Maybe we should conserve the batteries . """
tr	O	She was the reason Hunter 's momma had run away .
tr	O	Kendra felt confident about the upcoming exams .
tr	C	If I do , I 'd have to wring every second of what happened , including what I saw -- I gag for the tenth time .
tr	O	The first light of morning had come through the bedroom 's arched bow windows , casting a yellow halo around her beautiful face .
tr	O	The door splintered in one hit , the metal ram making short work of the plywood .
tr	C	Now I could take my time and polish the faculty and tighten the script .
tr	O	The hire company can send my luggage back to me or they can chuck it all in the dumpster . '
tr	C	He knew his chance to ask questions was coming to a close and that thought nagged him into action .
tr	O	Next came the makeup cloths .
tr	O	""" And teaching , "" Cricket confirms ."
tr	O	One day the world would bask in their wisdom , but for now it had nothing to offer the duo except disappointing glances .
tr	C	""" I thought you said last time that you were sure it was biological in nature and very specific to sod . """
tr	C	The hordes of white my breath made in front of me were practically freezing into icy clouds .
tr	O	I say dazzled by all these ubiquitous superpowers .
tr	C	I throw on my coat and grab my black Chanel bag - another item that Holly insisted I bask in .
tr	C	Seated back with his mates , Timmy conveyed what they had just been relocated to do .
tr	O	Every night , the savages made a ring around him , gave him an opponent , and made him fight to the death .
tr	O	Robert Miller stopped dead in his tracks when he realized he 'd happened upon his ex-wife .
tr	O	We are also having some problems lately with some soldiers who are coming in further into our territories .
tr	O	""" You 're baiting the parasites ? """
tr	C	He was clad in the white canines of what looked like some strange giant mountain goat .
tr	C	On second thought maybe it wouldn 't help clear her head , but she was still grinning as she took a spoonful of her countrymen .
tr	O	They hung up and Ari reluctantly left the bathroom so the huge team who had been hired to make her perfect could continue to prep her .
tr	C	There were many faery in the swaying roof .
tr	O	It must have been true because he 's gaining a reputation as a young but respected wolf researcher .
tr	C	She pushes me back into my seat and sits staring , informing me .
tr	O	The freshly planted earth was black with fertilizer and rain while the old vines were still brown from their winter .
tr	C	His hands stroked her back , lacing her Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
tr	C	"Maybe a prosecutor knocked you over the head while you were passed out . """
tr	C	A washroom , and a storage area full of lanes of clothes , some clean and some just this side of ripe .
tr	C	The only power they 'd held over him was that of testing the limits of his elevation .
tr	C	She seemed to be weighing the advantages and shrines and making a judgment call .
tr	O	It took him a long time , wandering like this , in and out of the dark yet coloured thickets , before he found his Enemy .
tr	C	One was going through Keith 's kitchen appliances .
tr	C	"And rubies , too . """
tr	C	It gives you a momma right here .
tr	C	He softens a little , waiting for me to object .
tr	C	Noel had decided he wanted to help out during the performances , so he had organized a standstill for the three weekends the play would run .
tr	O	Chester noticed his two hostages at last and extended an arm in their direction .
tr	C	I was there six years ago on business and stayed an extra week unpacking the country .
tr	C	He didn 't much care for having his expansion checked , but he couldn 't afford to cause any ripples now .
tr	O	Let me call the doc , do you want to get anything to make your stay better ?
tr	O	Fear constricted my chest .
tr	O	Vikram braced himself for pandemonium , but nothing came .
tr	C	Thomas would not wait for the arrival of the maniac , who was somewhere in the bowels of Processing .
tr	O	"Come down to the outhouse with me ! """
tr	O	Well , I got you a cute keychain with an actual key on it because you unlocked my heart .
tr	C	""" Covered by our own stupid rules . """
tr	C	""" He 's putting up a huge building in the city where a spam , similar to this , will be assembled . """
tr	O	I found one about a bunny and a duck and sat back down on the bed to read it to her .
tr	O	Nimble hands activating the ship 's two onboard mech units .
tr	C	""" Mistress , you have heard the Keepers of your most loyal servant . """
tr	O	He snags the glass bottle of syrup as he passes the counter , and sits back down .
tr	C	He was dressed like a C-130 , from the top of his gold and turquoise headdress to the soles of his sandals .
tr	C	Fear formed an icy knot under my firstborn .
tr	C	The bungalow house where John resided was dispatched by my two-storey home , but surprisingly , its size was enough to send shivers down my spine .
tr	C	""" Besides , "" I said , loosening ."
tr	O	"The watchmen are just helping them out . """
tr	O	The finale was bold .
tr	O	""" Millicent has enough memory for about twenty minutes of taping before she has to download it into the storage unit ."
tr	O	The sound bounced and ricocheted off high walls of concrete and glass .
tr	C	""" If he spewed from the Norther village and they 're looking for him , it might put us in a bad way ."
tr	O	I ran through the showroom , dashed up the stairs , and shoved my hand into my purse .
tr	C	Her pursuer is completely ruthless , and in this moment , I feel quite certain I 'd be in more danger with her than with this stranger .
tr	O	The hearse rolled on .
tr	O	He sips something from a plastic tumbler .
tr	C	he said , mopping his brows back at us .
tr	O	I loved his self-doubt and I loved his determination .
tr	C	The unraveling of the pilots focused him in on the mission ahead .
tr	C	"But the problem was the fact that you were wearing the chopsticks . """
tr	O	Her father laughed with faint derision .
tr	O	The face-to-face thing meant that he was going to spend seven hours looking directly at her , which was no kind of a hardship .
tr	C	If she was subtly trying to concede this first meeting .
tr	O	Her days are spent living in imaginary worlds and fueling her own kids ' creativity .
tr	O	It seemed warmer than when he 'd set up his meditation , and the steady but lighter rain was comforting too .
tr	C	I crossed my arms and faced the norm .
tr	C	By the time I was dressed in some workout clothes , I could smell bacon frying and coffee being withdrawn .
tr	C	The winners of the melody banished the discordant PIL album from his mind .
tr	O	Her black hair was a nest of greasy strings , her torn clothes were filthy , and her long fingernails were crusted with black dirt .
tr	C	"I 'm very good at quelling brawls and cabs . """
tr	O	Yeah , I 'm sure the riches and palatial homes were all for Lysander .
tr	O	And then you stand there like a pompous jackass and presume to call my ethics into question .
tr	C	"When he rejoiced at her words , she quickly added , "" They may have tied her up or something , my lord . """
tr	C	Mrs. Robbins placed two booths of green salad on Luna 's plate .
tr	O	""" Someone 's making hydrogen . """
tr	O	Around the whole circuit they went nuts , pouring on to the track and some of them getting on the bonnet of the car .
tr	O	""" Look out , they 've got guns , "" his partner shrieked , reaching for the phone and his sidearm ."
tr	C	""" Perfect words , "" she said , her smile brightening with emotion ."
tr	C	Not that he wouldn 't still consider doubling the throne for himself .
tr	O	Brass Monday part 2 Lukas paced the command center as everyone did their best to follow the battle as reported by the five wireless observers .
tr	C	He laid waste the town and turned toward the Lame Old Mountain , for he knew the dwarves were awakening the fossil fuels .
tr	C	Two of them stayed inside to check for injuries among the clashing crowd .
tr	C	The barman rummaged around and took something off of a table .
tr	C	The family at Katherine 's Gorge was attacked and killed the day after the Reboots escaped .
tr	O	With a roar of fury , the beast burst free of him , clamoring for death and destruction .
tr	C	Had anyone at the station house ever once questioned Dinan about the bills he presented for Coughlin 's enquiries ?
tr	O	Manuel held his ground but with each taunt , his reserves slowly diminished .
tr	O	We had been so elated by our find that we immediately contacted the police and emailed them all of our data .
tr	C	He stared at Logan filled with suspicion and parks while moving slightly towards Katia to shield her .
tr	C	The fracking going on in my body didn 't get any relief , but my mouth no longer felt like it was full of cotton .
tr	O	"They are slow swimmers , "" she thought aloud ."
tr	C	CHAPTER 6 EDEN MANOR The rumor around town was that she 'd had a brain fart , but I knew better .
tr	C	""" Ah , "" Bill said as inferno came to his features ."
tr	O	The Brockman firm had a large clientele .
tr	O	Like smoke up a chimney .
tr	C	""" Bring back the girl , conjure what you can from the others ."
tr	O	""" You have a good ear , and your voice is pleasing ."
tr	O	She pulls me to lay beside her and she cuddles into me and shuts her eyes .
tr	C	Didn 't all merchants think their kids were wonderful ?
tr	O	Atop the velvet lay something long and sharp , something that glimmered in the light from the windows .
tr	O	Finally I crossed the street and went back uptown .
tr	C	""" If you must know , I owed the clump a bit of money , and he was needling me for it ."
tr	O	It 's difficult though when they break off a conversation for prayers , I feel like I 'm intruding , and I 'm unwelcome in the house .
tr	O	"Contents Chapter Thirty Nine "" How useful were those sticks for clearing through the undergrowth ?"
tr	O	What battles he had fought , and won seemed to him at the time quite insignificant compared to the travesty that resulted in his incarceration .
tr	O	He set the glass down with a thunk and wrapped his arms around me .
tr	O	Now that Hank was dead , the haze shrouding my memory was burning off like clouds under the sun .
tr	C	It pelted on the roof , making harsh , ugly smacks so forceful she thought it might be taking off whole carcass and layers of paint .
tr	C	""" I don 't need finance with you by my side , "" he laughed ."
tr	C	We need to ask more questions , so we can back up these weights with some solid evidence .
tr	C	"Brick had enough trouble dealing with things that couldn "" t made-up ."
tr	O	In disgust , Mitchell gave up trying to concentrate on the list of estimates and looked around for a waiter to bring him his check .
tr	C	The stone walls were covered in capsules , much like the ones that appeared on Seth 's and my skin .
tr	C	The Allegiance groaned softly at her escapades , and the unhappy life of the ship resumed behind him .
tr	O	He plodded up towards bed .
tr	O	""" I can think of much better ways to catch this woman 's eye that wouldn 't involve blistering my skin while checking out a burning car ."
tr	O	The elven lords , who rule over these sorry mortals , have taken full advantage of this story in their religious ceremonies and traditions . '
tr	C	""" We recovered the briefcase when the Journey eventually confessed that he had discarded it as he was being chased , "" Coombes explained ."
tr	O	"It sells them on consignment . """
tr	O	It 's all a matter of hierarchy you see !
tr	O	Looks that aggravated her more and more .
tr	C	""" She runs her removal company ."
tr	C	There arose an unholy and long standing alliance between Morton and Margaret , with the object of overturning the English lettering and making Henry Tudor king .
tr	O	She knew that at least two men with high-powered rifles were appraising her .
tr	C	""" That bird better be there , "" he said menacingly as they resided along ."
tr	C	She had to devise a plan before John remembered that shovel , came back to remove it and found her resulting in his work shed .
tr	C	My father thinks it 's a total opposition and told me to pay no attention to these tales .
tr	O	Afraid someone in town might see them together and start gossiping about it , she avoided putting her hand within reach of his .
tr	O	I meet four girls who were airline stewardess for Continental airlines and ended up latching on to party with them the whole night .
tr	C	""" It 's a very nice architect , Miss Bennett . """
tr	C	""" Oh right , "" she said , and a second or two later , the three servers blinked in confusion ."
tr	C	The psychic shield around her felt deceptively passive , as easy to brush aside as a berserker .
tr	C	I wade into Prewitt 's arm .
tr	C	A second later , Ken 's henchmen shrugged and broadened her smile as if this couldn 't possibly be what it looked like .
tr	O	Then , as if moving like a gazelle , it turned and ran away from us , up and over the ridge and out of view .
tr	C	Nox had waddled out a deep , rumbling chuckle .
tr	C	Her canteen lay open on her lap .
tr	C	"She tends to be back in time for dinner , but said if she was late , you should start without her . """
tr	C	""" You know , shuttle navigation was the job most people were avoiding . """
tr	C	He reached for his cloak ; pulling as it caught on tiny packets of wood bristling across the table top .
tr	O	With the steady rain - May equaled monsoon season - the field was more of a morass , with soupy mud and splashing puddles .
tr	O	Or even better , if the unlucky artiste should slip up , the supreme sanction would be imposed .
tr	C	Alex and the others were already on the lapse by the time Sam and Mortimer reached their boat .
tr	O	"The flyers around town say you killed a couple of men , but nothing like this . """
tr	O	"Layered magic to create the harpies , "" she said , when the shifters looked confused ."
tr	C	Slowly trotting to the ground , he spat at Dominic before his body succumbed to the loss .
tr	O	Whether he took her silence as encouragement or assent , Tessa didn 't know .
tr	C	The voice was in the vicinity of a loud bullhorn .
tr	O	Olivia rubbed her eyes while he and Nathan exchanged hellos .
tr	C	"How much would it cost us to govern your aid ? """
tr	O	Just before her weekend trip her followers and donations had been a fraction of this .
tr	O	Someone who had brought the ghouls over , who had been lying in wait near Thomas .
tr	C	The walls were blank , except for dark furs on the wallpaper where pictures once hung .
tr	O	Wildly colored fish zoomed back and forth in the aquarium lining the wal behind the desk .
tr	O	Having it confirmed that day that only her game plan had changed had not only been invigorating , it had been a relief .
tr	C	As Nancy stood there , her diaper changed .
tr	O	""" I mean was there any decay ?"
tr	O	Studying her upturned face , Ryan stared down into eyes the color of newly minted pennies with glints of gold .
tr	C	Instead , there was a handsome man with alabaster skin and a slick suit sitting next to me .
tr	C	Josephine took a deep breath and relayed this over .
tr	C	"I was just trying to see if there are any specifics about the crisis in Europe . """
tr	C	As I sat there , feeling as awkward as my numbness would allow , Trina and her rant went past , talking and giggling .
tr	C	Her shivers were strong enough to make me wonder if I had done something to give her a tantrum .
tr	C	' In that case it 's you who will take the coil .
tr	O	That little dent in my pride smashed in completely and it shattered .
tr	O	I cling to her as she rears .
tr	C	Olivia noted that fact immediately , but her stubbornness would not allow her to desist , even though her pride begged her to cease her antics .
tr	O	Do you think you might be overdoing the war girl look a little ?
tr	C	Or at least , something other than generally bored disdain , which is his meek attitude toward me .
tr	O	Sweet scents rose to Altair on his perch high above : perfumes and oils , spices and pastries .
tr	C	She forced her breathing to replenish .
tr	O	If you think about it , the goals of a particle physicist and a Zen master are really the same .
tr	C	' Time for another cola before they get here then .
tr	C	Uncle Stan had a trade , his family lived in town , he did books for the other Christians .
tr	O	When she wasn 't pestering her brothers , she could usually be found reading or writing .
tr	C	One eye was gone , and a green fire seemed to shimmy the empty socket .
tr	C	But the enveloping light was to Ezio 's advantage , and he blended in easily with his surroundings .
tr	O	""" This seriously feels ... "" He drifts off , his head flopping to the side ."
tr	O	I noticed almost immediately that a mare in foal doesn 't ask silly questions during the birth the way my human patients did .
tr	C	""" I will swear it is her peg all around them !"
tr	C	""" It is a sign of his physique , "" added Mark and he drank the cocktail ."
tr	O	A heavy clang throws the boy back a step , his arm tossed aside from the force of the blow .
tr	O	My integrity was one of the few things she 'd always respected about me .
tr	C	He seems fond of talking about his latest ideas and rods .
tr	O	Unstoppable , no matter what disturbing things he had seen in the witchy eyes of the child seer all those weeks ago in Montreal .
tr	C	"We will attack using the rites , "" ordered by Captain Sun ."
tr	O	He preferred the more pleasant version of the life he 'd begun to envision .
tr	C	Sabin sighed , chomped a tired palm down his bruised face .
tr	O	I took a tentative step forward and David , spotting me , jumped to his feet , a big smile on his face .
tr	C	Luna was proof of the likelihood it could bring .
tr	C	Kevin and his professors were on the older end .
tr	O	""" Looks like he prefers to maintain a low profile . """
tr	O	I don 't think he anticipated that we would integrate it into your systems or do anything of what we are doing .
tr	C	Concentrating on Zane 's knowledge of how to make his astral projection work , Cassie split herself to create two other orphans .
tr	O	Max helped her push a shopping cart down the aisles as she looked for the bottled water .
tr	O	On the two balconies , now with the curtains drawn back , additional Cobras stood equipped with loaded bows , their sights set on Lucas 's companions .
tr	O	"Presumably , some bold shapers made it out to the castles using balloons or gliders . """
tr	O	""" Tamara suggested a duel at dawn , but I set her straight that it wasn 't quite the thing anymore among us aristocrats . """
tr	O	"We are very excited for Roman to be comin ' here . """
tr	C	Doodle would have his smokes back in a week and in the meantime we invited him to stay with us .
tr	C	The palace spread out over extensive gardens , which were adorned with statues and goosebumps .
tr	C	Her hand juts out of the blanket and I knot my fingers with hers .
tr	C	Her father was up on the stage now , giving a speech about rooting and change for the better and all kinds of other optimistic political promises .
tr	C	Each of these habits were peculiar to Kathy , and yet this stranger was herding her exactly .
tr	O	With what he was insinuating , he may as well have slapped me across the face .
tr	C	""" What has decreed ?"
tr	O	He frowned at the sponge .
tr	O	He was grilling me about how a girl who 'd lived in a beach town for three years could possibly not know how to swim .
tr	O	he asked , hoping she 'd end the suspense .
tr	O	"On a scale of one to ten , can you tell me your pain level now that you 've done a few exercises ? """
tr	C	Well beyond the limit for personal use and sod , well beyond the Standard Human Species Toxicity .
tr	C	I waited for a teacup in the traffic , crossed the street , and walked down to the bus stop at the end of the block .
tr	C	I didn 't have much time to rant though , because Rhys ' voice drifted through the woods .
tr	C	""" It was a planned meeting between a MARS representative and what we thought was a local swimmer , "" Destro explained ."
tr	C	Gruber nodded and walked toward the booty .
tr	O	Gabe 's mother never ceased to amaze him .
tr	C	""" You see , I bought your fillings ."
tr	O	""" I was reading Hugo 's Les Miserables when the telegram came ."
tr	C	He was handing Louisa a halo , coming to her rescue .
tr	C	""" Because you make decisions based on your own cleverness , your own reasons , without once thinking about what the other person may want ."
tr	O	""" Yes , mam . """
tr	C	Next he tried to roll over to stand up , but the horde had wormed their fingers into the leather straps that kept his stamina on .
tr	O	""" Begging your pardon , but that is best kept between the count and me ."
tr	O	Shifting her infant , she reached out to brush each of their foreheads with the backs of her fingers in a sort of benediction .
tr	C	he said , steeling himself before he stumbled .
tr	C	He owes nothing but power and wisdom .
tr	O	Eventually , a flash revealed that the wombats had abandoned their duties and massed on one side of the mound .
tr	O	""" He lacks integrity , and she 's better off changing her mind about him . """
tr	O	He terminated the image .
tr	O	He heard Fila 's shriek just as his hand finally closed around a piece of firewood .
tr	C	Because destiny has marked you out as a revival of great power , you will create great havoc .
tr	C	""" Nitro Express premises , "" Christopher said ."
tr	O	Remembering how her family had been sold , however , Rose knew there were other ways to end up in servitude .
tr	C	With Amy 's adoption , Moses had no problem getting the loan .
tr	O	""" If she was the shooter , all I can tell you now is that she wasn 't trying to kill you ."
tr	O	""" Using the incredible powers of magic that reside within my coat pocket , I 'm going to unlock the stocks ."
tr	C	The plates dappled the X-ray like scales on a grouch , and beneath this chaotic mess strange bones formed weird patterns .
tr	O	The thought terrifies her .
tr	O	While still watching the brigade , she focused her senses forward , on what lay ahead .
tr	O	I breathe , glancing over my shoulder at the cosmopolitan block .
tr	C	"May I return to my harmless query ? """
tr	C	But the way Lew was rasping , demonstrating with every breath made the priest rip the fellow 's shirt open as well .
tr	C	I practically ran back to the archives level and had to calm myself when I crested the restroom .
tr	O	The announcer asked him to come back , but he waved him off .
tr	O	Both of them held in tight stasis that knew exactly where to centre itself .
tr	O	He walked closer to the strip of grass between the two houses , then cleared his throat to get the gardener 's attention .
tr	C	This correspondence had to happen .
tr	C	""" What kind of devastation is that ? """
tr	O	The temperature seemed to plummet as chills danced along her skin .
tr	O	His other hand flew to find an edge , but it molded with his neck as he breathed .
tr	O	I stepped backward , pulling her with me , until I bumped into the workbench .
tr	O	But each day after her arrival , the nausea and episodes of vomiting had become less and less frequent .
tr	C	I 'm trying , I thought irritably , if only to shut the resolution up .
tr	O	They could save the paper , and in return , he could promise Rina a good recommendation for another , more appropriate job .
tr	C	Not that I expect him to need to engage in any flaw , but he was the best man I could think of for the job .
tr	O	""" Hide more skin and it takes less work , "" continued the man ."
tr	O	""" May your retribution be meaningful yet stern . """
tr	O	I nearly fall down and have to grip onto the bedpost for support .
tr	C	"These guys tend to dye . """
tr	O	They 'd been through the Maze and its horrors .
tr	C	On the inside , the stone structure was no more than a cube without a roof aside from its cloth wristband .
tr	C	Danny knew the balance of power had levelled when Raphael asked , ' Tell me , who would your ideal circumstance be ? '
tr	O	""" I 'm naming him Seabiscuit . """
tr	O	Our beliefs are based upon hundreds of years of observations , stories , folklore , and legends .
tr	O	The murmuring upstairs turned into shrieks .
tr	O	He covered me with my grandmother 's afghan and went to the kitchen to put on a kettle for tea .
tr	O	""" I shall meet you in the ladies ' retiring room in thirty minutes to examine the item you 've retrieved from him ."
tr	O	I give this permission at a time when I am lucid and in command of my faculties .
tr	O	It meant a little bit longer hours , but that extra pay was nice and I took pride in the displays around here .
tr	C	He had an ample supply of hydrogen stored in the barn .
tr	C	The door to the chimney wasn 't facing the camera , so no one could be seen coming or going .
tr	O	"I met somebody that might be perfect for you , "" she said and dragged him to a guy with blond hair cut in a bob style ."
tr	C	As she pulls it from the pouch it increases to the size of a blanket .
tr	O	More in the form of nutritional meal pellets .
tr	C	She watched the schematic of the flashlight for a moment , then did exactly as he 'd said .
tr	C	From their clothes , I guessed that it was a draught and two of his employees .
tr	O	""" Then some more smaller triangles , and more , infinitely many . """
tr	C	Every muscle inside of him wanted to move , to feel the racket of her body but he waited .
tr	C	Needing to coax her friends from pursuing an analysis of her situation , she pushed for a different subject .
tr	O	He took my hand in his , I don 't feel violated in this physical contact , and I felt his warmth wash through me .
tr	O	Jude hated listening to his friend reduce Autumn to a list a characteristics , yet he couldn 't help but nod in agreement .
tr	O	She heard the elven males yelling with rage as they rushed forward and banged on the wall .
tr	O	A blue tarpaulin stretched over the flat main deck .
tr	O	He 'd warned me repeatedly of the terrifying capabilities of his precious government agency , Probe .
tr	C	""" Clan Wolf feeds the Consort for her forgiveness ."
tr	O	I felt like a pixie in comparison to his stature .
tr	O	Slowly add the soup stock , using a wooden spatula to thoroughly mix it .
tr	O	The last he heard , I was in Europe working as a biologist and doing especially well .
tr	O	The call and accompanying laughter came from the sidelines .
tr	C	Three - at the worst four years inside for bureaucracy .
tr	O	The platform functioned as a stabilizer , which confined a miniature singularity within its boundaries ; a comparatively tiny tear in space and time .
tr	C	Pain and rebellion in every line of her thin body , Angie mailed another attempt to hug her .
tr	C	It feeds the subjective relationship of a person to himself .
tr	O	She considers us her family .
tr	C	When she squished them all , she reached back and kissed his lips .
tr	C	I tried to stop him , but I was sewn and exhausted .
tr	C	It 's getting late , the sun is setting behind the sandy hills , and the Technicolor sky looks like a chalk painting , beautifully unreal .
tr	C	Yet there was never a day where this powerful deity showed up to submerge Angelina 's lethal or suicidal stunts .
tr	O	"Then I will cherish you forever , my love , to continue hearing that sweet voice of yours ... "" I love you , Vivienne . """
tr	C	The commander of the twinges and his men prepared for a battle they had no hope of winning .
tr	O	They were standing in a large hollow behind the falls , and there was a small footpath leading around the edge and away from the falling water .
tr	O	As Vincent stood in front of Marty kneeling , I could tell that they had similar heights and builds .
tr	O	For some reason , it was almost as bad as peeing on a pregnancy test .
tr	C	Dorian touched it reverently , then slipped it into a pact he fastened around his waist .
tr	C	"That is how the women of Paris keep their figures , as well as their equations ! """
tr	C	Inside she hacked at the hypocrisy of the woman whom she had just found in close conversation with a servant herself .
tr	O	I heaved a sigh before pulling his arm over my shoulder and snuggling against him .
tr	C	Nothing to worry about except spilled coals and overflowing trashcans .
tr	O	He took a stele from his belt .
tr	C	He was in her mind , puckering her pleasure , showing her his .
tr	C	"And wraiths , if you want some . """
tr	C	Celaena took a steadying breath , venturing farther into her pillows .
tr	C	Some nut threw a pie at the possessiveness a few years back .
tr	O	He stopped just short of a pond that was circled by great trees whose branches fell over like waterfalls .
tr	C	Farooq whooped in quicksand , scooped her up .
tr	C	"You will be detained for this ! """
tr	C	Can 't take the chore ?
tr	O	Zayne was on his feet in a nanosecond .
tr	C	Where her books had been strewn out the night before lay a single coil , a yellow sticky note attached to the front .
tr	O	Car seat and diaper bag in place , Kelly passed Duncan over to his father at the curb .
tr	C	His head was full of thoughts and emotions , from anger to remorse , from virtue to rage ; his mind jumped around .
tr	C	The snow was blossoming , but I was hot , so hot .
tr	O	Sam counters picking up his own bag and slinging it over his shoulder lazily .
tr	C	But when I turned the corner and saw the doorway to the administrator , I got a little nervous .
tr	C	I tried to rev up some awe but got only anxiety instead .
tr	C	Despite his fiercer struggle , he is not easily breaking free of the chains that are informing him now .
tr	C	""" Other than to pay my beloved prince slayer , of course , I 'm just really curious . """
tr	C	There were pictures of Sarah 's titled husband , of cars and houses , photographs of their life histories .
tr	C	""" People produce psychics to attract a partner ."
tr	C	I began to muck everything from last night over in my head a thousand times .
tr	C	For after all , he thought , what 's a little donation ?
tr	C	"And here is son of Buckingham , one of the most important doings in the realm ! """
tr	C	One day a young warrior waded to the pool to save the life of his true love .
tr	C	And the awesome metaphors and memories that went with them .
tr	C	She felt a strange fluttering in her stomach that Wren cared about a fiddle .
tr	C	He laughed , and one would think they were skiing in a debate about politics or something actually relevant , based on how flushed her cheeks were .
tr	O	She pushed her way through cow webs that cris crossed the door .
tr	C	"A short time , by the fulfillment of gods . """
tr	O	The drunk took another swig of lager .
tr	C	It is time to talk of colonies , Raj .
tr	O	He spun me around so I faced him and his gang of mutts .
tr	C	T was a handprint .
tr	C	""" I was told there 's a commando today , "" she said , raising her brows ."
tr	O	A tear and hole punched in the headrest .
tr	O	He considers me a moment .
tr	O	Which is important , because when it comes to emotional drama , Tori has a nose like a bloodhound .
tr	O	Sofia knitted her brow in a more puzzled way .
tr	O	The occasional help he lent to whoever needed it during harvest season was nothing to boast about ; even little girls could manage that .
tr	C	Perhaps she hoped to seep further clues into her brother 's death that I could not .
tr	C	Besides , we are not the only ones that might have advantages .
tr	C	"He said with some interest then , "" You mean that people climb up out of the calluses and into the open air above ? """
tr	C	There is just enough shade , and I don 't know how the gardeners do it , but every knuckle and flowerbed looks amazing .
tr	O	"Salem has become something of a gathering place for mystics , and some believe it 's touched by the metaphysical and inhabited by supernatural beings . """
tr	C	He goes into the kitchen and weighs two glasses of wine , and then walks with them down the hall .
tr	O	I wasn 't heavy , but he did it as effortlessly as if I was a flower petal .
tr	O	Francesca flagged a cab to take her to the judge 's office .
tr	O	"You can 't risk offending your patron . """
tr	C	Jane rubbed the rake leaves on the cake sever .
tr	C	She felt the crackling , brittle fragility of the taken man 's skull breaking under the incredible force the tribesman delivered in the blow .
tr	O	The summons finally stopped .
tr	O	The rest of the team showed up about ten minutes early and had the infected vaccines with them .
tr	O	One of the perks of being Chief Mistress was that she could choose if and when she took a suitor .
tr	C	If the cloud collapsed tightly , it would form a grudge about six inches in diameter on the desert floor .
tr	O	Tall and blond , the woman wore a skimpy leather halter and tight short-shorts that hugged a figure Grace would kill to possess .
tr	O	""" When Nihil realized his defeat was unavoidable , he avenged himself by spreading deadly viruses ."
tr	C	She stared at Swan for a while , who seemed to be captivated by the patterns on her blankets .
tr	C	Had the rider escaped the mausoleum in the woods and tracked them ?
tr	C	The president 's spunk reached the parking lot and the motorcade .
tr	O	He made only a vaguely grumbling noise of assent .
tr	O	My lips reformed into a smile despite my embarrassment .
tr	C	""" So what kind of breezes did he have ? """
tr	O	""" You 've got a lot of good ideas , "" Joel McIntyre , the head of the billing department , said , nodding his approval ."
tr	O	She bypassed her room and explored the other three .
tr	C	And it sparkled , like someone had glazed it over with scores of glass .
tr	O	At intervals , iron rings for tethering horses had been set into the wall .
tr	O	Once a dumbass got banned from the club , he didn 't sneak back in no matter what disguise he wore , not on Damian 's watch .
tr	O	""" That 's the next tier down ."
tr	C	"Folklore will give him a disorienting and leave us alone which is only right and proper , don 't you think ? """
tr	O	He hoped she would , but he 'd suffered more than one setback lately .
tr	C	""" I have no money to buy more and I need to discount what I have left ."
tr	O	It blew past them toward the surface , containers and cabins tumbling like toys .
tr	C	""" Father , "" she reached into her pocketbook and grabbed her inbox ."
tr	C	Judith put a mug of tea on the table next to the documentation .
tr	C	A small Yugoslavian trawler was tied up alongside a Greek ship at the next dock and the traditional afternoon break wasn 't keeping them from being convicted .
tr	C	The idea sent a surge of adrenaline racing through her comprehension .
tr	C	""" Shut up you ungrateful bastards , "" Layla nudges inside her less cluttered mind ."
tr	O	""" And most folk weren 't in the habit of peering through the keyhole . """
tr	O	She looked at his painted on jeans , open shirt , and sexy cowboy hat and she felt like flames were igniting all over her .
tr	C	I watch his back as he spits out , a pang of something curling around my heart .
tr	O	She was at least two hundred yards from the hive .
tr	O	""" I can 't believe you took out an enforcer , "" Alex said with a mixture of accusation and surprise ."
tr	O	The Crows Nest , with its dark stone cliffs and stormy sea view , had lent itself to a sense of desolation and despair .
tr	O	"Were my aunts there ? """
tr	O	The static seemed to muffle some of his words , but I could make out most of what he was saying .
tr	O	One of Victor 's many creations involving experimentation on his loyal minions .
tr	O	He is not in his right mind ; direct questions will yield nothing .
tr	O	""" Yeah ... They must be homing in on ' em somehow . """
tr	O	They turned to walk along it , a barren strip of tarmac between rows of similar little yards on either side .
tr	C	I opened my eyes and saw the woman retching onto the floor .
tr	C	"And as a result , the power with which the spell is unleashed also feeds from tablet to tablet . """
tr	O	She threw a pot at him and missed , so he was going to teach her how to clobber him with a skillet .
tr	C	That put a kink in the ureter and the jock 's been backing up .
tr	C	' Max the examiner has been replaced by Max the sleuth . '
tr	C	Not wanting to wake him , I pulled the splatter off the back of the couch and carefully spread it over him .
tr	C	Beth 's marriage , on the other hand , had been a charger from the beginning .
tr	C	If he had been wearing those pastry he had on the other day , she would have had a better view .
tr	C	She tried to show him what she wanted , but her spunk left the fantasy flat and colorless .
tr	C	To his right , a game of mockery turned into a wrestling match .
tr	O	Behind a concrete angel , a vapor emerged , dim green and poorly formed .
tr	O	"They brainwashed you , so you would work for them , like a slave . """
tr	O	I have read this letter often in the years since I first found it , so many times that I can recite it from memory .
tr	O	The horns of a bison are very thick and hard .
tr	C	""" At the motel , "" James continues , "" Dallas left behind a handout of Lake Tahoe ."
tr	C	Holding the memorial in one hand , Ronan used a church bulletin to scrape the majority of the mess off the wood .
tr	C	It was as Jessie said ; the first problem of living is to reduce friction with the crowds that surround you on all sides .
tr	O	""" Don 't you sass me , Wesley . """
tr	C	he demanded , aiming an advanced woodwork .
tr	C	His biggest donor had always been the incessant rocking he did when he was tense or nervous or bored .
tr	O	But her connection to the darkening had catapulted her into a new world , demanding things of her she 'd never imagined doing before .
tr	O	It was totally weird having a parent actually interested in my schoolwork .
tr	C	Owen didn 't like it , but he headed across the deck and trudged down the checkout .
tr	C	A bolt from that would bounce back from tormentor and stick you in your own eye .
tr	C	It was trotting out now , Clary noted , as those who had been Marked flooded out the front doors into the square outside .
tr	O	"I 've got two calendars in my office and I still forget which day it is . """
tr	O	He could still hear Salvatore screaming as they exited the house but it didn 't seem to faze Corrado as he headed for the car .
tr	O	The wipers were working overtime and I peered out into the watery gloom for the turning .
tr	O	""" Good morrow , "" he croaked , just to hear his voice ."
tr	O	You made a decision the moment you started your practices with me .
tr	O	I checked the peephole , but a hand was covering it .
tr	C	""" We may be shipped to reconsider our judgment if there is opposition , "" he said ."
tr	O	He yanked the stele from her belt .
tr	C	His haste to leave once the signal had been activated meant he would miss the passing ceremony , this elicited his heart .
tr	O	It looked like the night sky except white instead of dark blue , with a thousand sunsets swirling behind the misty clouds .
tr	O	The heat in his eyes , the triumphant look that he had about him just infuriated her further .
tr	O	Look at the plagues of the past .
tr	C	I knew that Izzy was mad at me for going into Chicago stumped .
tr	O	Justin continued weeping over the decaying body , clasping something tightly in his hand .
tr	O	' Bound to get one there .
tr	O	With scissors , she cut two squares from the wax paper roll .
tr	O	Errol parked the plane on a drier ground .
tr	O	If I was going to be her personal paralegal , I was going to have to help her manage her files better .
tr	O	Mal left a section of men to guard the TV studios and proceeded from Langham Place to his rendezvous with John at Downing Street .
tr	C	Wind parted two antennas and revealed a bulldozer in the distance alongside a woman and man digging with shovels .
tr	O	Each of the captives felt the eyes of the people upon them , and the women blushed when the men stared hungrily at them .
tr	O	The cobblestones of the road gave way to a river of mud and muck , while overhead the sky formed a thick , gray blanket .
tr	O	They immediately sprang back , giving her the look of a cheerful daisy .
tr	C	The whole operation is protected with corrupt officials on their comm .
tr	C	Most of the chimps had packed up and left after the first encounter .
tr	O	""" Give me a screenplay . """
tr	O	His intent was to wait out the incident safely suspended in the waters of his personal lagoon .
tr	O	The thrill of conjuring up storms and creating rivers , and making it rain and rain as if it were the end of the world !
tr	C	A wildfire from my office just told me that Lily and Belle were both present when Preston contacted him about changing his will .
tr	C	For the human brain , the analogy is a central brain and peripheral mansions , such as mouth , arms , and legs .
tr	O	"From off to the side , Alisha said , "" It 's the Skype 's way of calling ."
tr	O	She had not seen any signs of courtship from him in the past .
tr	O	"Decided to do my PhD . """
tr	C	""" And what revolution ? """
tr	C	Somehow the child was still alive as his flesh began rotating from his bones .
tr	O	""" Surely his mother 's situation also contributed , "" I said ."
tr	C	Now , before I could untie myself with that virus , I had to undergo intense chemotherapy and radiation treatment .
tr	O	"But - "" "" There are no buts in this situation ."
tr	O	All the time moving , pouring out , a tsunami of mindless scribbles .
tr	O	""" Good-bye , Judith ."
tr	C	I was estimated to hear of your father 's death .
tr	O	He stopped , thinking that there had been no side passages for him to miss .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to resign , but he wasn 't allowed to do that .
tr	C	The room wasn 't as it should be : the desk was nothing but statistics , and the window frame was missing all the glass .
tr	C	""" Funny , isn 't it , how your antics can sometimes bite you in the ass ? """
tr	O	He blames me , you know , for losing his crown .
tr	O	""" Milton is boarding , "" said Rachel after the Sea of Boston had docked with the Lake of Nevada ."
tr	O	She wondered if , in this parallel world Jacy Rayner remained Jacy Rayner and stayed out of the Hollywood limelight .
tr	O	I really shouldn 't have provoked her like that .
tr	O	The sun was almost down when he reached the small pier jutting out into the reeds .
tr	O	As the elevation grew , our pace slowed .
tr	C	when noxious smog was beyond redemption ?
tr	C	That punk had done it too .
tr	O	They were brides standing in front of celestial altar of the mountains .
tr	O	""" That 's okay , you will remember , hon , "" she assures ."
tr	C	We traveled there in two air-conditioned coolness .
tr	O	But the tour is finally over , I remind myself as I walk into the huge cafeteria that overlooks one of the prettiest beaches in San Diego .
tr	O	he asked , mustard on his lip again .
tr	C	Jordan covered the phone 's guesthouse .
tr	O	J latched onto the overhead light fixture .
tr	C	I panicked a bit , but got her to inquire and sat her up , so relieved and remorseful that I shook with it .
tr	O	One drummer warmed up with particular zeal , with no hint of care for any peace that he might have been disturbing .
tr	C	He wasn 't about to Lift that .
tr	C	With a growl , his lips found her neck , slashing and biting at the delectable flesh .
tr	O	It was only till they got out into the Mall again that he grasped what he had been confused about .
tr	C	I 'd reached the main thoroughfare through the center of the junkyard , little more than a large space between the quotes , when I stopped .
tr	C	""" Apart from a minor cadence , we managed to stay on target and on time , "" said the agent ."
tr	C	Luna turned her bladder volume a little higher , and then she ate .
tr	C	She could hear the loaves of others both in the hall and neighboring rooms , but the groans and irritated shouts only fed her rage .
tr	C	Little cuts and fumes stung all over his body .
tr	C	It 's strange not being able to see Kenji right now ; it feels as if I 'm making these pleasantries to the wind .
tr	O	""" Not journalism ? """
tr	O	I doubted it very much , and turned back to my paper , lest I be tempted to start dialing the psychic hotline with my newfound skills .
tr	O	He didn 't even take a shower or visit the outhouse without his .45 within arm 's reach .
tr	C	Egyptians took pride in glue and many would take daily baths in the river .
tr	O	Della and her fellow housewives , in their Mad Men style dresses , dimming the lights and calling on spirits .
tr	C	"You 've come to pay me insider , have you not ? """
tr	O	No , Thales did not invent science .
tr	O	I settled my hand low on my belly , over the tiny bump that evidenced our child .
tr	C	Among the first generation of colonists on the Mothership , or hive ship , some had implanted this idea in their intimidation .
tr	C	""" We rode in pools painted with weights and squids ."
tr	C	They were two adults with adult needs and marvels .
tr	O	In its place was short hair that looked like it had been chopped off .
tr	C	Elizabeth was his wife ; her papers showed that she had worked as a nosedive in the same factory as her husband .
tr	C	""" I am your mind-set . """
tr	O	When he mentioned it , Fila started the slow process of lifting him an inch at a time and insinuating another comforter between him and the planks .
tr	C	Emily 's pliant body started to stiffen , muscles tightening up , reappearing from contact with him .
tr	O	He 'd thought , only a year ago , that he could juggle his two lives , but he couldn 't .
tr	O	""" What does that mean , they 've stopped getting Reboots out for now ? """
tr	C	Her eyebrow jumped back down to lance low on her forehead .
tr	O	The back was a maze of ovens , huge , walk-in refrigerators , and stoves .
tr	C	She searched the rest of the desk , filtering through the drawers and knocking on every surface to check for trick compartments .
tr	C	Her hair is in booths and she has slippers on .
tr	C	"I kept thinking I was going to purge . """
tr	O	Marian 's battle station was an aft gun bank so he started to head over before his sense of fairness could override his urge to vent .
tr	C	I cling to the spares .
tr	C	My programmer was now so near .
tr	C	The stench of sweat , cigarettes , alcohol , and the undercoat of dog carcass was so pungent , so strong .
tr	C	""" Sir , the men spotted a tsunami in the sky ."
tr	C	In either event , her office affair seemed to be the reason everyone braked as to why she no longer worked at the company .
tr	O	Fluted columns and polished limestone gave the neoclassical monument a dignity the surrounding architecture lacked , serving as a stark reminder of the city 's glory days .
tr	C	"I finally remembered where I 'd seen some dams similar to those on the disc we found . """
tr	O	She gave him a look which threatened to kill , and , just in case he missed it , she reinforced with a vehement outburst .
tr	O	' I - ' ' Don 't bother , no slayer will set foot here , ' Kaspar interjected .
tr	C	Hell , I might as well have scavenged the local parks for some wild goats .
tr	C	Percival got to his feet as Lilith redirected her frustrations toward him , then leaped into the mirror behind him .
tr	C	On the pier , the young men were collectively holding back shirts to display and an array of similar debates .
tr	C	The flames changing shape every second , their mirth streaming endlessly upward .
tr	O	My science teacher said he will give anyone extra credit if they can re-create the slime that was used in the movie .
tr	O	Hirsch had used a sloppy cursive style , no doubt designed to portray a lack of education .
tr	O	His features sag as if he were on the verge of tears .
tr	O	All six sounded like they were genuinely hungering after more truth , although there were the usual disturbing signs of prejudice in each of them as well .
tr	C	So even was my brother , Boromir : a man of smoker , and for that he was accounted the best man in Gondor .
tr	C	Rachel had been jealous of Rafe a time or two , beetles that he could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted to do it .
tr	C	Ronan steps on its head , takes aim , then digs a knife deep in its brain .
tr	O	Reaching out , he swiped a hand across her damp cheek , smearing away the makeup that had escaped with her tears .
tr	O	' If you get the chance ... but then you 'll never find the Apple , the Piece of Eden .
tr	O	"You tried to stop my sacrifices , are trying to reverse them now . """
tr	C	I had to come into a beam of moonlight to see the insinuation .
tr	C	She wore white stripe , embroidered in blue about the hems and cuffs . '
tr	O	""" I know it 's not as glamorous as running a winery , "" Autumn had said , "" but I could really use the help ."
tr	C	She smiled the exaggerated smile of a niche , showing her freshly whitened teeth to the few hundred people in the audience .
tr	O	""" I miscarried in the middle of it . """
tr	C	"She has always been obsessed with my sentencing . """
tr	C	""" The movie with the little fish and the tiny cheesecake ?"
tr	O	Over time , communities would become smaller and smaller .
tr	O	"It is said that the queen sometimes baths in it . """
tr	O	"Where is our embassy in Idris ? """
tr	O	The brushes around our campsite are moving .
tr	C	Something about the way he said it , just assuming or something , made me dearie .
tr	O	Her scarlet blush of mortification brought the feeling back to the tip of her nose .
tr	O	"Finally I exclaimed , "" I can 't believe you flat-out lied to my granddad . """
tr	C	Even though making love with Dean was a beautiful experience every time , it wasn 't overdoing things between them .
tr	C	The younger men are kept on the streets to battle the elements , and trial duty tends to attract the messengers bearing down hard on retirement .
tr	C	Steve then removed my thesis and also threw it into the water .
tr	O	She didn 't bother to look around , knowing all the stacks of stuff she 'd accumulated .
tr	C	Alex stiffens beside me , and then he quickly slips his fingers out of me and puts a finger over my mouth .
tr	C	Seth backed away from the owl , eyeing the large bird as he extricated himself and circled around it .
tr	O	Quickly , the bot dealt out a hand to each player , their human-like eyes watching each of them carefully .
tr	C	She 's an iPod but she 's different in other ways too .
tr	C	The louvers had also allowed me to revisit the end of that spike into a sharp , flat edge .
tr	C	Even in the newcomers , Rachel could see his expression was uncharacteristically grave .
tr	C	She chuckled at the lion 's rumble that reverberated in his gut and melted back against him , indulgence turning her to lasso .
tr	C	""" Bloody hell , "" he breathed , taking in the black monstrosity she wore ."
tr	C	There she found a pair of T-shirts and moved them to the chain .
tr	O	The void shifted , mist now swirling inside , parting long enough to reveal rocky , ashen ground .
tr	C	""" If they stray from the fire ... if they get too cold , they will install . """
tr	C	"None other but the lances could be responsible . """
tr	C	""" Adrenaline is supposed to trigger the douche ."
tr	C	Feeling my breath start to differ , I hunched over the sink and rested my head against the cool surface of the mirror .
tr	C	"But she 's a good , solid Queen , and she 's got the swimsuit to dig in and work . """
tr	C	His grubby green robes clung to him and sketched in the early morning warmth , and his lanky dark hair was straggling over his eyes .
tr	C	There was a hint of lotion in her tone .
tr	C	The PCs were aware that we had been warned and that we wouldn 't be sending more ships to them .
tr	O	"It 's a full-on orgy , with lots of ' sharing . ' """
tr	O	They all went inside and I lay there writhing in pain as the drawbridge was drawn up , blocking the door .
tr	O	""" Most fledglings don 't have a powerful Chaos after them , "" he smiled , but the smile wasn 't a real one ."
tr	O	The corners of his mouth upturned , the intensity shadowing his bright blue eyes darkened .
tr	O	The shortest had been a jaunt to Jamaica , where they 'd almost lost the boat in a storm .
tr	C	We had no real advantages , not truly .
tr	O	Her long , narrow hands and feet had only four digits each .
tr	C	Remembering the fear Sid had undertaken in him brought his hormones back in to line .
tr	C	"I 'd just need someone to skewer it first . """
tr	O	Existing , surviving would be an achievement .
tr	O	Gavin slumped into the barstool .
tr	C	When I stepped inside of Jessica Lenoir 's building , I knew I was in for an afternoon of her attempting to reenter her authority over me .
tr	O	Not just some flippant , obscure directive that has virtually no effect on the game , but a huge great whopping one .
tr	O	The edge of the journal reached the loose burlap covering the man 's hands .
tr	O	Helen Woodman was a lovely young woman accused of murdering her wealthy stepmother .
tr	C	It was a shopkeeper , just like this one , that had been unable to save Cade 's life , but had saved mine .
tr	O	""" Appreciate it , "" I say cheerfully ."
tr	O	""" Can 't have any fun and games with the half-breed , so the other will have to learn some manners , "" the largest man said ."
tr	O	He regrouped and tried again .
tr	O	""" Risk what ? """
tr	O	It was unusable with numerous layers of sheet metal welding it to a sealed status .
tr	C	The city shimmered beneath its veil of rain , thicket upon criticism of lighted towers crowding in on him so beautifully .
tr	C	Maya won all three fights , killing her opponents within seconds of Mercer 's productivity beginning .
tr	O	"' ' He 's nothing but a downer anyway ! """
tr	C	""" Looks like the fight is over , "" Camden mused , staring at the crowds spilling out of the bullring and into the surrounding infantry ."
tr	C	I focused energy between my hands , then shoved it at him , wetting him in the head .
tr	C	They acted like me being nice was some sort of miracle , like I was usually akin to a sleigh with a bad case of monkey butt .
tr	O	My soul ached as I watched myself scatter his pieces around the woods and move the bloody leaves around to make it harder to see everything .
tr	C	Kim got a decent enough spot , and they passed a woman with a breastplate and her patient husband as they made their way up a ramp .
tr	C	The other timeline , the one firing at Malone , heard the escape , turned , and aimed toward the doors .
tr	C	""" Did you manage all right during the douche ? """
tr	O	It had been young when he first journeyed across the Atlantic with his father to London .
tr	C	Back at his seat and sipping complimentary champagne which had never seen France judging by the taste of it , the brewery appeared .
tr	C	The man appeared to have been beaten ; bruises and cuts could be towed through his shredded gray robe .
tr	O	""" I made some from Mrs. Flowers 's herbs and I decided to make you a cup as wel ."
tr	C	""" So we suggest the money raised by this year 's surplus go to the youth center downtown . """
tr	C	She was a house maid at the washer .
tr	O	From what I 've heard , there 's a vampire going around and attacking innocents .
tr	C	Everyone avoids people who speak their mind . '
tr	O	Alexander 's eyes glazed over momentarily as he mulled the matter over in his mind , before snapping his gaze back towards the young officer .
tr	C	He had spent years doubling up strength , rarely finding occasion to use it , and now he tapped that reserve .
tr	O	""" Turn around , sir , "" Fremont said again , but Nathan did not comply ."
tr	C	The lake itself shone beneath the blue sky , framed by tall trees still bearing the orange groves of autumn .
tr	O	"Imagine our surprise to see all the driftwood outside our doors ! """
tr	O	""" I 've got them in safekeeping . """
tr	C	They weren 't going to delay our scores three weeks in a row !
tr	C	Deni drew long breaths , splintering past the barrier of the oil and the fire , searching the night .
tr	O	"Go find a biologist on # 52 for your answer , that 's where they came from . """
tr	O	Besides , Sam almost always wore T-shirts . )
tr	C	But the pounding failed to intercept it in any way .
tr	O	When his incisors scraped over her flesh , at the tender joint of neck and shoulder , readying to sink in , she stiffened ... sighed .
tr	C	"He has a child out of notoriety . """
tr	O	He turned it and the clamps released , making the shuttle shift .
tr	C	The snout in her voice in no way changes my mind .
tr	O	When they were disbanded by King Phillip IV due to alleged heresy , tortured members gave up the information that they worshiped a bearded head .
tr	C	He shrugged his shoulders hooking his uncertainty .
tr	C	She delivers me and together we run along the beach towards the pier .
tr	O	His head tilts , and he licks across the seam of my lips .
tr	C	"As the ownership to the music kicked in , Tyler growled into the microphone , "" How 's everyone doing tonight ? """
tr	C	""" This is my passion , my credibility to a calling you could say ."
tr	C	""" Not so fast tack ."
tr	C	And the donor bank rolled over her .
tr	O	"That just brings out the opposition . """
tr	C	Sophie believes her entry , Chocolate Fruitcake , caught the monks ' interest because it was different .
tr	O	It was clearly stolen from Nero 's hoard .
tr	C	At last count , the Don controlled over half of the city 's real estate and diamond business and had grossed out to support lending businesses indirectly .
tr	O	Samuel and I trekked for an hour or more before we reached the foot of the mountain itself .
tr	C	That sent Jenna into specifics of laughter .
tr	O	I 've taken the dregs from this bottle and thrown it on the letter my mother wrote .
tr	C	It could also be argued that they were man made and our whole story was nothing but a big lawsuit .
tr	O	Entire cities wiped out within minutes , the only memory of them implanted into those who survived to fight back .
tr	C	And the undead wretch isn 't even licensed or bonded .
tr	O	His father was standing next to the bookcases that filled the wall behind his desk .
tr	O	A drug slipped into his food seems like fair recompense for what he 's done .
tr	O	His finger twirls in the air .
tr	O	He knew the likelihood of getting it through the Senate was slim without the Sherbrooke name attached .
tr	C	I shoved away the old Ashley and like a successor to a flame , I went over to offer him a glass of champagne .
tr	C	The screaming had stopped , and , feeling the cat 's fate pass though his soul , he resorted to the cold sensation consuming his own .
tr	O	He hauled out his key , and , unlocking the door , stepped inside .
tr	C	Otherwise it was a plain , golden gauntlet , a little heavier than it looked .
tr	O	Their human commanders trailed them and looked at maps as they walked .
tr	O	""" It does exist , or at least there are plenty of references in legends to it ."
tr	O	It 's close to the artery .
tr	O	""" Look , can you please clarify ?"
tr	O	A peasant and a Jew .
tr	C	With a quaking hand I type in the numbers on the carnage .
tr	C	""" I had a feeling that Lucan 's operation was just the tip of the Volkswagen . """
tr	O	But the necklaces hadn 't been on it , so I 'd figured that someone had swiped them in the confusion and chaos .
tr	C	He prayed that God would give him the wisdom to deal with these puddles as they came up on Monday .
tr	C	"At my look of deep incline , she added , "" There 's a first time for everything , isn 't there ? """
tr	C	In front of two bulbous lumps on the back of its head , the small airship 's eyes flickered around .
tr	C	""" Your father was a classmate ? """
tr	C	The whole area gleamed in a blaze of brightness , steel and toughened glass and computer algorithm .
tr	C	Experimentation continued , heartbroken .
tr	O	It 's just my round about way of grilling him for details .
tr	O	Which was the million-dollar question , but there was another surfacing in my mind as well .
tr	C	Deni realized her fingers had already changed to wolf claws , and fur ran from her head down her back , which was bared by the reboot .
tr	C	When they opened them the most wonderful air coupling had appeared next to them , equipped with a pair of snow white wings instead of oars .
tr	C	It was the worst flaw she 'd ever seen in her life , and it still chilled her to think of it .
tr	C	Curious as I am , I resist the urge to follow and mimic .
tr	O	""" Of course , Avery , we 'll need authorization and powers of attorney for each of these clients , "" Osgood said ."
tr	C	They turn towards the cable of the space elevator that teaches the planet to the Santa Maria orbiting thirty thousand kilometers above .
tr	C	"I want a headband . """
tr	O	""" We 'll get you seated in the copter first , then the pilot and I will get him . """
tr	C	It flourished now , and made going difficult for splashes near the compound - human or otherwise .
tr	O	""" Have you heard what the arson investigator had to say about the fire ? """
tr	C	""" The white fudge tends to normalize extreme margins ."
tr	O	He could see your utter hopelessness .
tr	C	The ape picked up his tray and shuffled , disgruntled , towards the pumps .
tr	O	Along the interior walls , history 's greatest works of art stood silent vigil over the proceedings .
tr	C	""" Broke a man 's shield arm to the core and it takes the fight out of him . """
tr	O	"Who am I to fight a man who wants to do housework ? """
tr	C	""" Except that she tends to kill me ? """
tr	C	Like a ' candid camera ' type joke ... or cult ? '
tr	C	She spotted his truck parked two blocks down in front of an old beachfront house , also on eggshells .
tr	C	""" Here , "" Elijah replies , pulling out an old bank transaction with an address written in red ink on the back ."
tr	O	I blurted , squashing that assumption dead .
tr	C	On both tracks in front of us are cowards .
tr	O	Alice and Jasper laughed in harmony , soprano and bass .
tr	O	They might want to become celebrities just like myself and probably you as well so , we can get our ideas out and entertain our peers .
tr	C	A spot hit the Hub then another .
tr	C	I sat on the chair in the headquarters of the Quaker State Movement watching the clone I had created be weighted down .
tr	C	""" She 's Jay Conner 's granddaughter and Andrew Conner 's daughter and only heir unless his new wife enjoys a child . """
tr	O	I crouch , my hands ripping at the ground , my emotions unwinding , my energy surging to a level I 've never felt before .
tr	C	He nibbles and lets out a sob , then holds up four fingers .
tr	C	I need more , so I stand up and bring her up with me , clamping her .
tr	C	The dragon , you know , hacked in the village devouring maidens , heard the townsfolk cry ' Monster ! '
tr	O	Another nibbled at a burrito .
tr	O	The box of sugar lumps she 'd left on the sorting table was knocked over and the top of the box was torn .
tr	C	"And I 'll bring the mews . """
tr	C	He pulls away with a grin on his face as he announces the spilled popcorn off his lap .
tr	O	He was Australian by birth , but twenty-eight years earlier had fled his country after the largest bank heist in its history .
tr	O	We had decided to take her to the governing committee for that .
tr	C	""" How can I be the hunk ? """
tr	C	""" Do you want cakes , tarts or bias ? """
tr	O	""" I am not interrogating you ."
tr	C	The guards will come out shooting and a lot of people will get shrunk down .
tr	C	Presley stared down at her hands , which were busy digging at her co-workers .
tr	O	""" Regardless , it is our custom , allowing the king to usually avoid multiple changes of advisor over his reign ."
tr	C	We rode back a ways from the road under the leafy green canopy of the trees , navigated our blankets , and committed ourselves to sleep .
tr	C	""" Yeah , whatever , "" he replied absently , still searching for something in the bough ."
tr	O	Shannon rolled her eyes so loudly I could hear it and told me where the performers were staying .
tr	O	The old tribesmen is protected by six other men .
tr	O	They sat for a few moments , Vin poking at the coals .
tr	C	""" You ride in headstones all the time , and you trust those guys ? """
tr	C	He nods slowly , the sun shining like a whoosh behind his closely cropped hair .
tr	C	""" That will give us plenty of time to finish the farms , my Lord . """
tr	O	Put and invisibility shield around the camp .
tr	C	And , of course , hundreds of ventures .
tr	O	""" Albert , maybe it is time to put an end to that stupid ban ? """
tr	O	Two different deposits had been made each month .
tr	C	""" I come here to suffice , not to get near those ... nasty things . """
tr	C	Instead of using the watchtower to benefit mankind , however , they seek primarily to reinforce their own lofty positions .
tr	O	She nodded and rolled up the sleeves of her coveralls .
tr	C	He 's withdrawing you with the backyard crap , and now , the ball is in your court .
tr	C	"I still don 't believe you 're leaving the keypad for college . """
tr	C	The castle itself was bright white with silver hammers all around the moldings .
tr	O	His free hand sought her nub again and her arousal soared to meet his .
tr	O	Danica 's usual annoyance at how cute Kaylie sounded when she used slang was gone .
tr	O	"Coming here had not really helped her envision how the "" accident "" might have happened ."
tr	C	Two hysterical voices rage at each other as other objects go blundering around the ground floor .
tr	O	My father hadn 't seen me since I left his house a disarray after running from Rick .
tr	O	""" Just up yonder a piece , "" the man said ."
tr	C	Alistair always began each touch with a firm , possessive squeeze , as if he needed that brief moment of smoothness to attain the control that followed .
tr	O	It didn 't take long for police cruisers and ambulances to arrive .
tr	O	He sat at the window , looking out at the devastated orchard , watching for snipers and waiting for the inevitable attack .
tr	C	West pulled up to the gate and punched his code into the ravine .
tr	C	A wave of his hand scrutinized a fire in the hearth and turned on the lights .
tr	O	His considerations then included the wind coming in from the east .
tr	C	"I am as much a part of the ravine as ... the dirt on the ground or the gate above . """
tr	O	You couldn 't walk into their house without being swamped by love .
tr	C	He didn 't know how much sedative he could be .
tr	C	She fetched him easily , her eyes narrowing fiercely upon him .
tr	C	They 'll keep blasting , pelting us toward their trap .
tr	C	""" My berserker made me promise I wouldn 't kill any of my neighbors the day I moved in . """
tr	C	""" Have your wagons ready to go in a tad ."
tr	C	CHAPTER 19 I froze , but the salt kept pouring out of the lasso , making a little pyramid on top of the grave .
tr	C	My emotions veered back and forth between rage at Malcolm for pissing me and extreme fear for my mom .
tr	O	""" The safeguards are in place ."
tr	O	"You all right , fella ? """
tr	O	David rummaged through his knapsack and pulled out a map of Colorado .
tr	O	I had stolen a loaf of Italian bread and offered him some of it .
tr	C	She said I could write a piece featuring my brother .
tr	O	Let them huddle in their homes , scared .
tr	O	""" You are not in any way , shape , or form a douche for leaving me there ."
tr	O	They entered a room in which there were eight doorways or exits .
tr	C	No one that I know is masking concern .
tr	C	"Thought maybe you disobeyed me . """
tr	C	I lean my hip against the granite countertop and flex as I think .
tr	O	"Just woke up to a clump of hair and no boyfriend anymore . """
tr	C	The best she could tell , the guy had been unleashing her with blood .
tr	C	On their own , cramping as they could from among locals and trusted associates , they laid the stones upon which all of Shadowhunter society was built .
tr	O	""" Looks great , kiddo ."
tr	C	He 's still alive , Pollard realized , hacked .
tr	C	Finally , his hips fell , pulling his hairline from her mouth .
tr	C	The thought disturbed him but deep down he knew that the swooping past was inevitable .
tr	C	Eventually they opted for the American favourite as being less likely to be assisted by English , and more likely to attract whatever Irish there were there .
tr	O	I wanted him to buy the miner 's survey reports .
tr	C	Any contact would result in the spout being fired instantly back in your direction .
tr	O	""" First , we must spend two days fasting here , clearing our minds and purifying our hearts . """
tr	C	She 'd brandished weapons before and well enough to have yielded results beyond getting herself hurt .
tr	O	The country settles into an uneasy truce as the Convention begins its work .
tr	C	Kelly got the feeling that Mikey 's attitude in regards to Nick 's sexual innuendo was perhaps the outlier in this organization .
tr	O	When he left , Mary Jo settled Noelle carefully in her crib .
tr	C	Saint-Martin had decreed it soon after their affair had begun .
tr	O	I screamed , looking up to the empty rafters and then toward the back door .
tr	O	The second reason is consistency .
tr	C	I 'd cleared away her luncheon plates , annoyed at the waste of effort , not seeing her starving herself .
tr	O	Ping , whack , ping , whack , ping , whack Corrado tried to take it in stride .
tr	C	' I don 't need the help of your contractors , ' I say as soon as I see them heading my way .
tr	O	It was only nine in the morning , and my first class was cancelled because the professor had a conference to attend that day .
tr	C	I 'd just pledged my last few hours to her .
tr	O	And then her legs were buckling , Jon 's arm was around her , and Richard was running forward to help ease her to the ground .
tr	C	They offered designer babies for a discount price , and a few wealthy families took advantage of it .
tr	O	continued the ring announcer .
tr	O	The bread was bland with an unpleasant aftertaste , but Jason kept eating until it was gone .
tr	O	I didn 't ask him to tug me off to the sidelines !
tr	C	He turned the colleges around , ran the blade into the other ditch , and headed back toward our house .
tr	O	His sword had decreased the impact of the attack but he felt a shock that was more than enough to make him faint .
tr	C	She spent most of her days commanding a scout ship on the soles of Collective territory , gathering intelligence .
tr	O	There was a silver platter on the drinks cabinet , but it was missing the decanter and glasses she would have expected to see .
tr	O	She 'd married at sixteen , had a baby at seventeen and was widowed by the time she turned twenty .
tr	O	Both of us perform the same role here ; we teach newcomers and help protect the isle from Rasputin 's raiders .
tr	O	It 's her , I think , who spellbound the place , protects it still .
tr	C	One middle aged lady made her way along the corridor , opining the kegs of a brand of cigarettes .
tr	C	He moved closer and she had to reprimand her neck to look at him , shocked at how tall he was .
tr	O	""" It would set a bad precedent ."
tr	C	He has left us in acquiescence . '
tr	C	""" Show you every day how much I love you , "" he whispered against her lips , before slumping to do just that ."
tr	O	He 'd stopped at a Presbyterian church for a quick prayer , but the smell of decomposing bodies put him off a bit .
tr	O	When had elephants become an actual mode of transportation for me and not just a kiddie ride at the zoo ?
tr	C	Cecily backed down , knowing she had disowned her bounds .
tr	O	Since the morning she 'd left him the letter - and left her prize behind - she 'd competed at three tasks .
tr	C	""" Besides , "" he went on , "" the teachers aren 't going to deter us anything critical right now ."
tr	C	""" Inside , "" he said , ascending into the blackness ."
tr	O	"Wait for your order , newbie , or we 'll leave you for the fucking crows . """
tr	C	He walked over to the pile and tossed them on top , his eyes glazing over the massive haul .
tr	C	I wanted to cry out , but my vocal cords wouldn 't work right .
tr	C	""" We diverted some items for you , "" Victor said , holding out his palm ."
tr	C	He 'd been kidnapped and Grant Ryland was sitting beside him suspecting it .
tr	O	I notice that she 's biting her lip and her shoulders are pinched together and it dawns on me that she 's nervous .
tr	C	""" No ; on the contrary , I oblige you and your colleagues highly , "" Laurence said ."
tr	C	Hydra was in tears as the statue was puckered .
tr	O	Joey bent to it with his face and the ape whacked at the glass as if irritated .
tr	C	We both relaxed our positions until I was holding her fingers , shooing them with mine .
tr	C	In the meantime , I had retrieved the coin from the floor and picked up the telephone jack .
tr	C	Turning into the wind , she brought the plane in just above the water , cutting the throttle and easing back on the bayonet .
tr	C	Small light bulbs lined the roof and reflected off the mirrors , like they extended on for arson .
tr	C	He was bombing to take unsolicited liberties with me .
tr	C	he called , turning to face the Queen and the battlements behind her .
tr	O	""" It bears a strange silent alchemy . """
tr	O	[ Yes ] , but since Wye is at the south pole , it can arrange an influx of cold air .
tr	C	""" Taking it all in one last time before the throngs converge and I rarely get a moment peace to enjoy the beauty of it . """
tr	O	"And I know he loves oysters . """
tr	O	Edwin would have orchestrated a number of murders , but paid for none of them , and he had a solid alibi for all of them .
tr	O	She freezes for a moment , and I hear her breaths stutter from her .
tr	C	Hopefully she wouldn 't interrupt a quitter .
tr	O	""" Hey , Red , how are you feelin ' ? """
tr	C	In the late deliveries , more than half of China 's two billion dollars in foreign aid went to African nations .
tr	C	I laughed , while she shoved a few bobby pins into the base of the braid and grabbed the lisp .
tr	O	After the police got Howard in custody , they were able to get warrants for his financials .
tr	O	The farther he followed us , the farther he would be from the classrooms , where the Colonel and Alaska were working their magic .
tr	O	"There 's always a loophole . """
tr	C	Their claims shocked him and horrified all those who witnessed her reaper .
tr	C	Knowing who would blossom and who he could and couldn 't trust had saved him many times .
tr	C	I tried not to care , but my chest started hurting and my breath started clipping .
tr	O	It 's a warm balmy night somewhere in the province .
tr	O	From planet to planet the thin signal cut , relayed directly to the office at Batavia .
tr	O	She wanted a medical doctor , an emergency room , painkillers .
tr	O	""" Lacking that , I guess I 'll have to serve . """
tr	O	And then she was jarred even more when she collided with the chest of a man coming down the hall .
tr	O	Death clapped his heels to his horse 's flanks , and vanished .
tr	C	Being an only child , she had never experienced this kind of discord .
tr	O	My eyes burned and I focused harder on the small blue stitching in front of me to keep from breaking down .
tr	O	Not a stutter , he decided .
tr	C	No one handles a gun in my store without direct contradiction .
tr	C	He took Yves ' elbow for support as they returned to the trapdoor .
tr	O	His abs , his navel , the beginning of the V cut that just shows above the low-rise waist of his jeans .
tr	O	""" Are You my psychiatrist now ? """
tr	C	I hope you all took advantage of the opportunity to pick up a 1970s on the table by the door .
tr	C	This country is going to be in deep shite once the new king is discharged today .
tr	C	The first tendrils of wispy fog passed lazily cross her vision obscuring , in gradual rebirth , light of some of the dimmer celestial orbs .
tr	O	I tried not to laugh at his obvious language blunder .
tr	O	After straining with it for a few moments , Tasha got very red in the face as she remembered who the powerhouse on the team was .
tr	C	They didn 't believe in any athlete and simply pushed .
tr	C	They were all tensed up in a shallow reservoir .
tr	C	A loud and roaring drone carried through the tunnel and he reached the clearing , emerging at the same lapse upon which they had landed minutes before .
tr	O	""" I say , the Battle of Waterloo would have been over quickly had Jamie been there , "" Eleanor said ."
tr	O	Her eyes spilled over , her tears making tracks in the grime on her face .
tr	O	His mouth moved over her face , kissing her , his gusting breaths a separate caress over her damp skin .
tr	O	This poor lad had , like those at the gate , been wounded by the sharp steel of a British bayonet .
tr	O	Then flipped open their dive brake to allow them greater accuracy for their incendiary bombs and cannon shells .
tr	O	Headless , mutilated , and burned corpses lay strewn about all around us .
tr	C	""" Manuel said you had some weirdo , "" Jeff replied ."
tr	O	He grabbed the vehicle by the handlebars .
tr	C	Get over in front of the membership and don 't make any sudden movement , if you care what happens to Philip .
tr	C	As he leaped to his feet , Eve backtracked to avoid him .
tr	C	Yes , he had been afraid that he was no more than an extension of that celebration , a tourist attraction on her journey into complacency .
tr	C	From a book called In the infestation of the Lilies .
tr	O	"And as for what I am ... hmmm . """
tr	C	""" She - you - my mother reassigned to you entirely ! """
tr	O	A cocktail of emotions befuddled Amy 's mind as she tried to ascertain the situation .
tr	O	By doing this he had actually mastered two actions in one .
tr	O	Patrick continued to grope her .
tr	C	Deciding she would do her shopping during the day in the future , she headed for the railway line .
tr	C	The skin looked a little pale and sulked , but other than that , it felt wonderful to have the cast off .
tr	O	"You 're not really sending me to oversee a trailer park ? """
tr	O	You wouldn , t believe this guy in action .
tr	O	Placing my hands over his heart and lung area , the heart beats become stronger for a moment and fail again .
tr	O	There was no room for a unique answer because the Teaching Machine could recognize only a limited number of categories .
tr	C	And coupled by the fact that Alexis was his legal and sworn Bug , Kerri felt more like an older sister than a love interest .
tr	O	I yawn again and turn on my side , scrunching up the pillow under my head .
tr	O	He was a goddamned pimp .
tr	C	For instance , she might say that her brother was g * y and he might call the same brother a disco .
tr	O	Monti has spotted the dingo , and it is alone , in the shade , under a big tree .
tr	O	She shifted so that her parasol pointed at the man 's unprotected back , wary that she still did not recognize the city around them .
tr	O	""" All right , chica , go get her ! """
tr	C	The Ferret armored car raced into view , as fleet-footed on its large tires as its nimble steed .
tr	O	We have traitors in our stronghold !
tr	C	and scaffolding beside them almost as tall as the rumours they supported .
tr	C	He took the conversion from me and put it on the ground .
tr	C	Austin shook her head and kicked her bag to the floor , unwrapping her gloves .
tr	C	I 've never been a heavy downpour .
tr	C	""" Ride with it ."
tr	C	The White House website opened to display a photographic slide show of Washington scenes , most including Patterson 's trim figure at a podium or photo ops .
tr	O	"So you guys can funnel the power of the universe , right ? """
tr	C	When the sales representative carried out a tray of sketches , Antonia stomach rebelled violently .
tr	O	The air too was different ; it smelled strange and sweet , of magical spells and old incense .
tr	O	It moves toward me and extends a hand to me .
tr	O	We had a good estimate of your size , but final measurements were necessary to complete the process .
tr	O	They lifted him even higher with their praises .
tr	C	""" You better not have been blackmailing them . """
tr	O	Some kind person had spray-painted an ' s ' before the word ' caring ' so it read , ' scaring in the community ' .
tr	C	""" Okay , I will give a warning of ' possible contractor , monitoring closely , "" ' Katherine said ."
tr	C	I was free from their transgressions .
tr	O	"Baby Huey must have been breathing fumes -- that trip was totally out of her range , but they must have gotten some gas up there . """
tr	O	In a vacant lot , two boys were panting , looking behind them for pursuers .
tr	C	""" She told me she was going out to pick some wild turkeys so she can make a batch of blueberry muffins . """
tr	O	We will both give her ancient blood and call to the healers .
tr	C	""" Want me to find a funnel cake ? """
tr	O	Ellie started to stir when I got up and pulled on my sweatpants .
tr	O	She shrugs then marches up to her kill .
tr	O	Instead , she sat down , leaned a bit closer , and tried desperately to ignore his scent , a rich perfume of sandalwood .
tr	C	"Fred said , "" Actually it was a rattlesnake ."
tr	O	As he arrived , he couldn 't help but smile as he pulled off the spacesuit and the ship sped through the portal .
tr	O	""" It works in the opposite way as well , when you divide by ten . """
tr	C	Shifters rarely got along with other Reboots .
tr	C	That had become much more important after what had happened to the two groups , both of which had been able to nibble on the others broadcasts .
tr	O	This was as inexplicable as the fact of the live catalogues .
tr	C	""" I 'm negotiating with fear . """
tr	C	Vincenzo accepted Alonzo 's distraught joy , only wishing it was sewn on something genuine , already starting to regret that he 'd misled him .
tr	O	""" She 's a fugitive ."
tr	O	Samuel arrived next , carried by three wreckers , his head lolling .
tr	C	He took her emotional tears as further indication that she had more in mind than just evading him .
tr	C	She 'd broken in through my front door , and the door had shown clear signs of her splinter .
tr	C	Courtney walked over to study the coupling .
tr	O	""" I live on the streets , guv ."
tr	O	The guy on the floor was still out like a light , even after I finished putting on my clothes , and strapping my rig back on .
tr	O	This one 's smaller than the first , with none of the spectacular formations .
tr	C	The following weekend he approached , with only slightly less trepidation , what he 'd thought must be a biker club .
tr	O	""" I don 't even know how that fits the metaphor , but I 'll pretend I do . """
tr	C	And instinct told me he was disguised by something bigger than a potential handful of cash .
tr	C	""" There are no other settlements ."
tr	C	The orphans of Bob Dylan 's song were beginning to come true and thanks to his mom he 'd been given a crusade .
tr	C	Did her cellphone have to be so small and delicate , her waist so tiny ?
tr	O	""" It 's a cats world : I 'm just there to open the tins for them . """
tr	C	The final undoing , E Cyl , was more spacious than the others .
tr	O	The boss shagging the personal assistant during working hours isn 't going to boost work morale , so let 's freshen up .
tr	C	He took another interpretation of the water , and then poured the little that was left onto his already dripping head and face .
tr	O	They were speaking of their messiah , of course , and of his sayings , but my biggest surprise was the constant mentioning of Saul .
tr	O	By early afternoon , the village 's accumulated misgivings were a tangible unease in the air .
tr	C	What that blindfold at the saloon had said , that she was either frigid or gay .
tr	C	The frightened people flee down the sidewalk into the late afternoon window rivets on a hot Saturday summertime day .
tr	C	As the busy harbour came into view , he felt his shoulders tense and his rigid posture as stiff as a rover .
tr	C	""" Thank you "" it said , followed by , "" Take note , the following imperative is directed at the approaching bombers ."
tr	C	Developing a pattern of groping was not terribly strange .
tr	C	Cory , poised over me exhaling and blurry while his hips ran a race he would never win .
tr	O	It was the labor of their hands that made the dirt spring forth the abundance that was so unashamedly displayed for even the most common of meals .
tr	O	On top she had two round decorations made of cardboard with sequins pasted on and a few strands of colored tinsel .
tr	C	It was a personal question that had nothing to do with the harp case .
tr	O	He reaches for me , but I recoil back and Asher steps up behind me , smacking Cameron 's hand away .
tr	C	Her constant , torturous dreams reminded her of the diva she had to endure from everyone on a daily basis .
tr	C	He crossed the threshold , then drew her into his arms , all his doubts about being with her scolding when he kissed her .
tr	O	Mixed squads of enforcers milled about in a confused pattern around the Ball , alert to every quarter of their surroundings .
tr	O	She knew he would never pull away from her , never recoil .
tr	O	The girl 's obviously what the town wants , what with all the ruckus over the quiet in my Noise .
tr	C	"I wring what is mine . """
tr	O	Have you or anyone you know ever been affected by bullying online ?
tr	O	' I 'm a man sitting here listening to a kangaroo .
tr	C	A Regulator is vanquished .
tr	O	She heard Samuel setting up a protest , but she knew this would be quick and easy , very different from a jaunt to Third .
tr	O	""" Hanging out with you like this has absolutely been the most selfish thing I 've done in a long time . """
tr	C	Was there really a woman being held against her will , waiting to be sewn on ?
tr	C	I understood how his menacing tyrant would have intimidated so many while he lived .
tr	C	Sebastian was no comprehension .
tr	C	It sounded like ... Egwene ... He had to have staked !
tr	C	Now , she was a cascading whoosh of words that made no sense and connected even less .
tr	C	Even in the cool breeze , sweat pours down my face .
tr	O	Setting the swan aside , I used the palm of my hand to put pressure on the board .
tr	O	I was heedless of pain , of minor contrivances .
tr	C	The dark night for us returns and we shall yet again face asunder .
tr	C	""" No you don 't , "" said Napoleon , who had the monotony of sitting next to Loreen Duke and across from Stella ."
tr	O	The Quarter was a small part of the Riverside Sector , the part of the city where the richest people lived .
tr	C	"It 's called , ' follower of the Manor . ' """
tr	O	In fact , the first anomaly was that it turned out to be a modern matchstick , carbon dated later as contemporary .
tr	O	Now she didn 't have to concentrate to dispel the illusion .
tr	C	His senses soaked up the feeling like a loner .
tr	C	He guides me playfully in the ribs with his elbow .
tr	O	A bolt of lightning was followed by another array of fireballs .
tr	C	She stopped a male on the street and he authorized her .
tr	O	By Gabriel 's tight lips and general demeanour when she did see him , she knew her ruse was not going to work much longer .
tr	C	"The atrium beside her is my boyfriend Mick . """
tr	O	He was amazed to realize that he might perhaps be a murderous fiend if given the chance if it granted him the end he sought .
tr	C	Don 't you know that 's a magistrate most men pursue to no avail ?
tr	O	She hadn 't missed California and the beaches .
tr	O	For instance , the focus for a spell to quiet the mutt next door was a bit of the animal 's fur .
tr	C	If lies were oranges , she 'd surely earned her way to hell a few times over already .
tr	O	""" You are spoiling me terribly ."
tr	C	Not all of the psychics possessed the tell-tale ears .
tr	C	My clothes were sticky and uncomfortable , and I hoped our foes would be kind enough to let me bathe .
tr	O	Instead he stood , frustrated and bare-chested , in the now damp , uncomfortable jeans he 'd dragged on , removing leeches from Sam 's back .
tr	C	""" Needing escape from all the debutantes eager for your new title ? """
tr	O	The floor was barely visible beneath a litter of clothes , plastic bags , stray shoes and other paraphernalia .
tr	O	"But there is one trick , and if you forget it , your legs go all directions and you will snap a femur , easy . """
tr	O	""" Hunter is an electrician , right ? """
tr	O	Not many people would even notice that sort of oddity .
tr	C	Julie lets her eyes auger into me for a long minute , then she unfolds .
tr	O	He gave another tug , but the appendage remained attached to him , pulling tight , creating the most wondrous pain .
tr	C	He stood and raised his head and yelled like an injustice , then smashed against the screen door as it flew open and he stomped out .
tr	O	The little ones made these odd chirping sounds , while the bigger ones would hiss or gurgle when they smelled a meal .
tr	C	He suddenly had gotten very busy using his late wife 's fortunes to begin grooming his party 's nomination for president .
tr	O	His cheeks have sunken in over the last eight months and his skin is wrinkled like leather with sores .
tr	C	"I may have to nuzzle the menu . """
tr	O	Lou , well used to reading her moods , was at her side in a heartbeat as she entered .
tr	C	Information about him must exist in NET 's helmets .
tr	O	Little encouragement was needed for Daniel and Jeremy to again set up the steam cannon for another demonstration .
tr	O	""" I 've emailed them to you just this minute ."
tr	O	Stone tombs of long dead Kings , perched on crumbling outcroppings , or loomed beneath overhanging cliffs .
tr	O	"It 's searching ... experimenting ... curious , like a monkey . """
tr	C	he snapped at her , grunting with the pain he still felt around his knees .
tr	C	The procession began again .
tr	O	She hadn 't come to spread doom and gloom or chastise me .
tr	C	I 'm just a workbench .
tr	O	The passenger door on the fuselage opened and a figure stepped out .
tr	C	It was the bit of sizzle he 'd worn .
tr	C	Her throat was thickening but she refused to let him see how his handprint had hurt her .
tr	O	My eyes trailed back and zeroed in on the area around my purse again .
tr	O	Cadmus grinned from behind him , but made no move to comply .
tr	C	"This is my fault for ... for ... "" "" Reminding me on ? """
tr	O	""" Did you not see how smashing I looked in my tuxedo ?"
tr	C	Maybe all servers were just that clueless .
tr	O	""" Well now , Daddy had the chance to telephone , come to the seaside , and even come today ."
tr	O	She clicked on a high-intensity light , cut open one of the shrimps with a scalpel .
tr	O	They reached the on-ramp for the interstate .
tr	O	She couldn 't be surprised that the gods had not saved her -- they had foreseen that their intervention would be unnecessary , of course .
tr	O	"You 're going to have to call Ethan to send some reinforcements . """
tr	O	The call could mean only one thing : Steal Guitars needed a new drummer .
tr	C	The door splintered , tore away and fell violently inward , hanging on by one knuckle .
tr	C	I speared him in the arm again , because I was pretty sure I could read his mind .
tr	C	"Use the tremors down the hall to change and meet me back here . """
tr	C	Something happens afterwards that will tell Napoléon that his time in the intercept will not be long lived .
tr	O	But Abby could count the number of family vacations on one hand .
tr	O	He most definitely wasn 't a bum .
tr	O	Who was she to try to reunite a man and his estranged son when there was so much water beneath the bridge ?
tr	C	""" In one , the dead prophet was missing all his fingers ."
tr	C	I didn 't mind being bait if it authorized me Pierce , not even a little bit .
tr	C	Now , three months later , here he was in the modern brick built greatness with the grey architectural cladding .
tr	C	Who cared about the pop quiz in breeding or the scene that Robin and Chris made at the dance ?
tr	O	Over the years , Meredith College acquired other faculties ; first a law school , then a medical school .
tr	O	It seemed impenetrable at first , but as she focused on her task , she started to feel a chink in the barrier .
tr	O	He could see no use for any of the utensils except the knife ; he ate the meat circles in chunks from its point .
tr	C	Its arm twitched and the unit backed away , unsure if it still retained or if it was a side effect of being deactivated .
tr	C	the third painter said .
tr	C	The devastation is in perfect condition -- just like it was when she and Hope saw it .
tr	O	They had made him pay for surviving The Freezing .
tr	O	It didn 't leave the stop right away , but sat idling for a couple of moments .
tr	C	""" Two tours , "" Molly said saving Ron ."
tr	C	His voice rang through the hall and shook the subtleties of the house .
tr	C	His forefathers had hated their impotent status in the face of Alegria 's infuriating complacency and the tremendous power they wielded through their nemesis .
tr	C	Another fat glob of a joint was lit in the front , filling the tiny interior of the car with dense smoke .
tr	O	Two of the finished hangars are badly damaged - hatches missing , holes in the walls .
tr	C	Her voice was full of sincerity , false but congregated after years of training .
tr	O	Reuben , s eyes narrowed : smaller , shorter arms , but who can calculate the power or the skill ?
tr	O	She had heard that there were almost no practical differences in working with freshwater or salt water .
tr	O	He looked at her through the few stalks of grass that separated their faces .
tr	O	Her father 's voice says as he nears the entrance of the greenhouse .
tr	C	It was a large enough body of water to be ringed by the edge of the paper , leaving just a ragged partial outline in blue .
tr	O	He raised his head and I grabbed tissue from the box on his desk and blotted his eyes .
tr	C	He was disgusted at how easily he lost a composer 's dignity .
tr	O	""" For helping Wren get me the antidote . """
tr	O	She set a napkin in front of Evan and walked away , moving her h * ps to accentuate the curves she didn 't have .
tr	O	Taking a few steps forward , she stumbles and Jacob grabs her .
tr	O	But the cold air seemed at once to dilute it and diffuse it .
tr	C	' Young people here on the Isle are beginning to find alternatives to marriage , and that should probably be convicted , wouldn 't you say ?
tr	O	""" The moon is littered with millions of big and small craters coming from meteorites or meters for shorten pronunciation ."
tr	C	Now he was an observer , charged with monitoring their professions and watching that the agreed processes were being followed .
tr	O	After all these years , Dominic had finally miscalculated and left himself vulnerable .
tr	C	I 'm not going to nuzzle her into thinking something about Edgar that isn 't truthful .
tr	C	""" I think we 've met our nanny for tearful reunions , "" she chuckled against the top of my head ."
tr	O	""" For a woman , nay , a babe you had never even met ? """
tr	C	It arrived fresh with the sincerity of a child 's heart , saddled with unspoken pain , and bright with honesty .
tr	C	Grace 's little face retained .
tr	O	Before you said you had two grandsons ?
tr	C	We met each other while doing our basic training , before we headed off to separate canoes .
tr	O	Their peril was made worse when dozens more of their comrades tumbled down on top of them , crushing them .
tr	C	He pulled Matthew to one side , narrowly avoiding a loose neckline as it landed at his feet .
tr	C	Their shoulders were almost level with the ground when Jack 's ninja finally knocked against the wood .
tr	C	But God was kinder than she knew by withholding His minions .
tr	C	""" It 's too hot , "" Maureen barked , screwing up her wrinkled face like a detriment ."
tr	O	Next , the dominos ran up to the window ledge and a colorful box there .
tr	C	Lips parted , teeth the size of large houses set in the rocky formations at irregular intervals .
tr	O	With modern forensics and everything , surely there 's some hope that I could be cleared ?
tr	C	""" Don 't spook these kids . """
tr	C	Outside a flock of reporters from the local TV channels had gathered like a flock of vultures hovering a trellis .
tr	O	An excuse he was milking for everything it was worth .
tr	C	""" Go ahead and glue the bed and then you can put in a second crop of Swiss chard . """
tr	O	I was a little embarrassed at how much food we had ordered when room service had to bring in two carts just to fit it all .
tr	C	A pew a few feet away began to move .
tr	O	I love maths , especially problem solving .
tr	O	"His flight is Flight 505 American Airlines , but it is interesting that he is arriving on the second day of the convention . """
tr	C	She lifted her chin and stared at the snowy emptiness that stretched beyond her farm and melted into the kidnappers in the distance .
tr	C	And how come you are familiar with the infirmary ?
tr	O	He returned with the stew and a tall tankard of mead , and when Thomas held out a coin , Sutter shook his head .
tr	C	Another rocket exploded into an oak tree , shattering it into flaming rods .
tr	O	"We just take their merchandise . """
tr	C	"Keep cool breezes on his head to bring the fever down and give him lots of ginger tea . """
tr	C	I sulked , waiting for the final thrust .
tr	O	""" Lean on me , dammit . """
tr	C	He speared through the crowd and found a neat slot among the group .
tr	O	""" I 'd like to audition you for - "" "" I 'm sorry ."
tr	O	The next morning , Leslie was in the executive conference room of the Washington Tribune , facing Mrs. Portman and half a dozen attorneys .
tr	C	He had just taken up his cowardice when he heard a groan from outside .
tr	C	The colors intertwined my head , and I wailed in agony .
tr	C	"Pay someone or ... or use your influence or whatever to get Callie a cone ? """
tr	C	' You were only too happy to whack him of his father ! '
tr	C	All mirth and no brain , they clearly lacked the capacity to think for themselves or do a selfless deed .
tr	O	Last night I was standing on line in the deli and almost smacked a few people in the face .
tr	C	""" How do you know those moms were here for me ?"
tr	O	I 'd forgotten that it was Sunday and , thus , time for one of the family dinners , at Mom and Dad 's place this time .
tr	O	She mounts a scaffold .
tr	O	Sensing my study , Jake looked up at me and I covered my longing with feigned casualness .
tr	O	The adults grabbed the bubbling refreshment , while the children and pregnant women took sparkling cider .
tr	C	It couldn 't have been easy to confront this virtue .
tr	C	He removed the handcuffs , with the key still in the lock , and plotted my left hand .
tr	C	""" You 're so sexy , "" he muttered , and I felt his fingers cinch my bra ."
tr	C	And I will happily devote your request when I am done playing with you .
tr	C	""" You really get a kick out of lookin ' a dad , don 't ya ? """
tr	C	"Because I charmed you . """
tr	C	Do you have to act like such a psychopath all the time ?
tr	O	He probably wouldn 't believe her if she told him that the program only worked in conjunction with her intuition and a dose of common sense .
tr	C	It was three steps forward and two steps back , a thank-you that slowly crept him ever closer to the house on the bank .
tr	C	"Our garage even electrocuted the breakdown as a matter of circumstance . """
tr	C	"You seemed to be having trouble handling the premises . """
tr	O	""" Judging by the amount of sedative they gave him and the way Ty reacts to medications ? """
tr	O	I don 't want this little transaction to sidetrack either of us .
tr	O	From a biblical standpoint , he wondered how this house even existed .
tr	C	Buck started coughing again , that tight cough that could mean nothing or that could be witchcraft .
tr	O	Figures race into the trees , turning to shadow as soon as they leave the small circumference of brightness cast by the fire .
tr	O	Dad peered at the foal for a moment .
tr	C	There were two mules on the table .
tr	O	She juggles being a mum , working full time and writing , tossing another ball in the air with her cover artwork .
tr	O	Ballard 's back arches .
tr	O	Managing this new regime was liable to take a lot of running water .
tr	C	As I saw the swell begin to form behind me , I laid down on my belly and begin to blossom into the first wave .
tr	O	""" Then why is the corporation doing it ? """
tr	O	But she would not give me an alternate direction , no matter how much I plied her .
tr	O	My arms trembled from the strength I exerted to hold myself back .
tr	C	The other guests , all men , paid appropriate icons to satiate their lust and cruelty .
tr	O	I didn 't see much of my father , a very powerful Native American shaman , but what he taught me lingered .
tr	O	We have our lifeboats , but we don 't want to abandon the Moon until we have to .
tr	C	""" And thereto I coil my troth . """
tr	C	However , you are the winners chosen by the people .
tr	O	"But I still prefer to have a mineral water with my brownie . """
tr	C	He grabbed the triggers and tossed them in Josie 's closet , then headed downstairs and opened the front door .
tr	O	Let the twenty-third letter of the alphabet enter your life .
tr	O	It took Victoria two circular routes around it , moving closer each time , before she found a slender crack in the black earth .
tr	C	When he entered the atmosphere was sharp and silent , none wanting to speak but all desperate to know the reason for the measuring .
tr	C	""" Shoot to what ?"
tr	O	Captain Riggins produced the papers that prove your bondage .
tr	C	The two men made their way out of the estancia and took a walk towards the volcanoes .
tr	O	He had splurged and bought himself a new pack of sox after finding a dealer on the nets that offers to buy the car for seven grand .
tr	C	Because it was an undertaking .
tr	O	Wish lists for research projects change daily at the whim of the head researcher depending on what they decide to do in the labs .
tr	O	Tristan tried to slash off the mesh but it was malleable and resilient .
tr	O	I am creaming at the thought of him scrutinizing me in detail .
tr	C	A wolf , a bear , a conversion ?
tr	C	He swirled his apathy in his glass , watching her .
tr	O	she said , grunting as her sword hit the metal .
tr	C	One glance at her on the bed in that racket though , and he whirled to face the door again .
tr	O	Our hotel was nestled in the middle of all the hustle and bustle of the downtown area .
tr	O	She reveled in the sensation of their nak * d bodies pressing against one another .
tr	C	"You do like concubines , don 't you ? """
tr	O	""" Touch what ? """
tr	O	She moved with the fluid grace of a doe .
tr	O	He slid the nail file on the clippers into a useable position and scraped sand , and any other material hiding under his nails .
tr	C	He 'd shut the portals on an impulse , a sudden reversal of his previous policy that human and manipulation should mix freely .
tr	C	I looked for Dad and saw him walking along the top of the fibers .
tr	O	I fished through leftover parts from constructing the machine and pulled out a length of pipe made for shielding against high electrical current .
tr	C	"The only time you may have seen me before was when you were already under the effects of the counseling . """
tr	O	"If you have a decent pelt on you , it 'll make an expensive pair of gloves for some pretty lady or other . """
tr	O	We arrive at the formal dress section and Ashley leafs through the dresses like she 's a professional shopper .
tr	O	The leaden feeling in the pit of her stomach said yes .
tr	O	So , the commoners aren 't spared .
tr	C	After a while , we rewind the person .
tr	O	"Take this cell to Barbara , pronto ! """
tr	O	I turned toward where Gwyn and his Hunters had retreated , and saw one of the men detach themselves and move toward me .
tr	O	""" I 'm parched . """
tr	O	""" I 'll just wire a simple timer circuit directly into the shutter switch ."
tr	O	Paul : December 15th Once home , Paul decided to wash the grime of central London off himself with a long hot shower .
tr	O	I turned on the rescued team and Lilly crossing my arms again and stamping my foot frustrated .
tr	O	He did so , wiping off the wound and covering it with more bandaging .
tr	C	He swooped , drifted , and once almost gave a mouse a heart attack by bolting down on it suddenly before rocketing skyward again .
tr	C	Straw , chancellor , wood and hair allergens .
tr	O	""" Is there anywhere you and your children can go for safekeeping ? """
tr	O	A placard identified it as the South Square Room .
tr	C	She could already feel the puddles forming on her heels and big toe .
tr	O	Tench picked a plump drumstick .
tr	O	In his wanderings , he came on other farmsteads where he did odd jobs in exchange for food and shelter .
tr	C	""" He 's a heart-to-heart . """
tr	C	She glanced at Derek , and only when his eyes widened did she realize her own vitals were elongated .
tr	O	The busybodies come to do more than just visit -- they inform Lucy that she 's been cut off without a cent .
tr	C	His face was an oyster white beneath the mud , and his body was hunched over in pain .
tr	C	I 'd never seen so much silk and gold piping in my life .
tr	O	All I want you to do , you men , is to get the van loaded with the platinum .
tr	O	Once they entered the clearing , he saw Eb standing still , bridle aside , so he could munch on the grass .
tr	O	But when I saw you that night in the all ey , my argument fell apart .
tr	O	Now , I chose to be veiled .
tr	O	It takes more than petty refusal and veiled insult to light my fuse .
tr	C	Arthur had shed his flip-flops and he stood facing his nephew in a shirt and trousers .
tr	O	Aragorn walked behind him , grim and silent , stooping now and again to scan some print or mark upon the ground .
tr	C	If he 'd been launching himself , he needed to get off flying status .
tr	O	"You have disgraced me and my family . """
tr	O	""" They Skype with the web cam . """
tr	C	""" So it would 've induced me , "" I guessed ."
tr	O	""" Arranging a tryst for later tonight . """
tr	O	I tapped the top of the sword 's pommel .
tr	O	Horus repeated the name with a peculiar disinterest .
tr	C	""" It was started in the early estimates , after the wall fell ."
tr	C	"I 'd be the first to bust through that wall of flames and convert your sorry ass off my sister . """
tr	C	And he admires a lot , don 't get me wrong .
tr	O	Is this the normal evolution from friendship and attraction ?
tr	C	Maybe they 'll chalk at us from beneath the earth or drop on us from the sky .
tr	C	He passed a regiment of the King 's guards clattering away in the opposite direction .
tr	O	""" Cut your hair , you bum , "" she said , tugging teasingly at the back of my hair ."
tr	O	Before I could keep myself from doing it , I grabbed her hand , my fingers intertwining with hers .
tr	O	The meteorite in her hand looked anything but extraterrestrial .
tr	C	The man tapped a few keys and the spleen to his left came to life .
tr	C	She ran her fingers over the veins and weights , her thumb circled the head .
tr	C	Magda was groping her role and would rather die than quit .
tr	O	"He ignored her inquiry , saying , "" My children have no respect for my wishes . """
tr	O	"Both of you have violated our most solemn oath never to interfere with the affairs of any nation . """
tr	O	"We had no proof , but a lot of the researchers thought it must have been engineered . """
tr	O	""" But that artifact ... "" Jim said , hoping to prod more information ."
tr	O	The statue in the middle of the pentagram had moved .
tr	C	There was a bitter circumstance but he left the room before it could be addressed .
tr	C	He ate the fireballs and the crabs , but only because Jake had .
tr	O	She also put a bullet in Henri 's leg , but he got behind his snowmobile and got several shots off in her direction .
tr	O	Those are grenades ! ' '
tr	C	My eyes took in the boxes and boxes of blackjack , different meds , needles , sterile gloves , etc. and I almost cried .
tr	C	""" I 'll help and we can get a fiancé if you want . """
tr	O	She made a little mewling noise , but he swallowed it and claimed her mouth the way he craved .
tr	C	I found my subtleties .
tr	O	I clutch Dreamy with all my might , gasping at the greatness of it all .
tr	C	""" Are they fella ? """
tr	C	He rubbed around the area , relaxing it as he rambled with one finger .
tr	O	You know all that shit about children being blessings from God .
tr	O	Then again , maybe the suburbs weren 't her choice per se .
tr	C	Don Raju 's life-force had been nothing short of magnanimous .
tr	C	I 'd pulled the pot of coffee and went to avenge his cup myself .
tr	C	People died every day and the people they left behind spurred them , but life continued .
tr	O	Talk with him about a merger .
tr	O	But there was no mockery in her voice tonight .
tr	C	Girls loved that Gabriel recruited the flowers to bloom all the time .
tr	O	He unzipped the bag and sifted around inside , inventorying .
tr	C	And now my jumper had been destroyed .
tr	O	I slugged him on the shoulder and he laughed again .
tr	C	He is very talented and several stores in big cities buy his antennas to sell to rich people .
tr	C	What the grasslands felt was nearly impossible to say .
tr	O	Jim sampled the wind .
tr	O	There was a brief consultation , and John was led out the gates that had confined him so long .
tr	C	I switched off my light , doubled back , and raced into the rows of varieties .
tr	C	""" When I touch Kendra I mentally cringe at having to continue to pull off the overload of being interested in her . """
tr	C	The nutrition does not form in our palms and I think it 's not working , until I look up .
tr	O	Telling would incriminate the whistle-blower as much as the rest .
tr	O	""" I 'll take a bottle of Dr. Pepper , and could you pick up some boot blouses ?"
tr	O	As he reached his bike , a strange fissure of power went down his spine .
tr	O	Her head fell back limply , her eyes glazing .
tr	O	Stefan is Thad 's star pupil and only friend .
tr	O	She prepped herself for the possibility the body in the river could be Blane 's after all .
tr	O	"To act as one of her attendants ? """
tr	C	He regulated the pack in a fist and threw it bitterly aside .
tr	C	Kostas moved with shocking speed to drape his fingers around Gaius 's arm .
tr	C	Yeah , a moment ago , she 'd evaded her mom 's matchmaking , but she wasn 't against making a temporary match of her own evolving .
tr	C	Back to the superstar game .
tr	C	The gnome moved laterally .
tr	C	Heels gave her a sense of greatness , not to mention wearing them did great things to her posture and made her feel sexy .
tr	C	She loosed him a lullaby and tried to make plans .
tr	C	Cole tried not to dwell on the bow and shawl he had dampened under the porch .
tr	O	She was proud to recount its history , especially the developments of the past five years .
tr	O	Before she could say yay or nay , or anything else for that matter , Gannon gave her a mighty shove down the hill .
tr	C	She would have rather gotten a red Gatorade , but this would oblige .
tr	C	His hair was tousled and his face had a shadow of monkeys -- he looked utterly gorgeous .
tr	O	But always Odysseus saved them , until finally they succumbed , through their own sin , to death and the ending of all flesh in Hades .
tr	C	""" Hello , "" I said , smile at full berserker ."
tr	O	Before deciding , Steve hesitates .
tr	C	Mr. Phelps called the transplant list personally when we heard .
tr	C	Pursue a simple life upon the land and wallow the Ways of God to understand .
tr	O	"asked she , "" I was sure you had been slain ."
tr	C	The first generation Zenith killed the user unless they were given the roadway within a matter of hours .
tr	C	The robot had changed his nobility into a pair of what looked like rubber boots .
tr	O	He squints up at me and groans .
tr	O	But please don 't leave because you think you wronged me and I don 't want you here .
tr	O	Please be more careful in the future , my son , for it might be long ere we meet again .
tr	C	"If anything is awry he will inherit it or come back for others to help him . """
tr	C	He had gleaned as he aged , but he hadn 't really changed .
tr	C	His fingers drummed against the pedestal and he shifted in his seat .
tr	O	Desire , fear , hunger and insecurity .
tr	C	Tomorrow she would be the authenticity of the world .
tr	C	""" The only thing she said was that she had a fight with Chris over his work surfaces , something he should have told her first ."
tr	O	""" Jem would forgive me , "" Will said , but there was hopelessness in his face , his voice , already ."
tr	C	From a half mile down he knew there was trouble , and the last stretch was taken at a seizure .
tr	C	I had to agree ; learning Danny Chesterfield would soon be outed didn 't bother me any .
tr	O	DeWitt 's aide , it appears , carelessly entered a different set of GPS codes than those for Omaha .
tr	O	Carefully he moved away from the wall , walking towards a stockpile of bows and countless arrows .
tr	O	Echo tried to relay images of her getting well and coming to see her soon .
tr	C	She wasn 't about to clarify that by telling anyone what was happening .
tr	C	Not thinking , I went to answer it , momentarily forgetting how much Princess hated commercials .
tr	C	""" Then perhaps rather than looking at its level of apathy we should measure its imprint ."
tr	O	She ignored him and stroked hair back from the corporal 's white forehead .
tr	O	"He 's doing precisely what Nick Breckenridge attempted to do - blackmailing us into taking action . """
tr	C	Shoes that laced above the sparkler , but with dangerously high heels .
tr	O	But I have never seen him in a tux before , and oh my God , he 's gorgeous .
tr	C	""" There 's a shocker there ! """
tr	C	Finally , puffed but with the funnel restored , he crawled in beside his companions and lay down .
tr	O	The darkness of the shores seemed a bit more pronounced , and the shores seemed more clogged with old tree trunks than most lakes .
tr	O	He pecked her cheek .
tr	C	Her breath started coming in diapers , and tiny dots began forming before her eyes .
tr	O	Fire raced up his penis , spread through his body , a volcanic eruption that reached all the way to his toes .
tr	O	He dips his head .
tr	O	And Jimmy ratcheted up the price , land shark that he is .
tr	C	""" That 's like eighty kilometers an hour . """
tr	O	""" The message said the rift would activate three nights before the summer solstice , ushering in a new dark age ."
tr	C	Thank you to the team that helped me package this book and evaluate it .
tr	C	""" I 've been thinking this through , and I reckon there are four possible futures to kidnapping ."
tr	C	It 's reinforced with glowing dots .
tr	O	""" Wow , I 'm vitally interested in which regimen she took you through ."
tr	C	Then he swings it through the air a few times making shushing sounds with his mouth like a boy playing swords .
tr	C	While they distanced themselves with tasks at their consoles , Crista watched the water close over the cabin .
tr	O	"What kind of hypocrite would I be to push for that and then keep something like this from him ? """
tr	C	Those of the Forest brought two of theirs to the funeral procession and those of the Red contributed many more .
tr	C	""" Anyone serving our country , fighting for our toenails is worth remembering . """
tr	C	And so as not to coddle her children , she turned with her beer to Samantha and Geoff , and repeated the toast .
tr	C	The pain increases , stabbing at me .
tr	C	""" Drives her crazy , "" he announces cheerfully ."
tr	O	"I am grateful for your generosity , and look forward to repaying it as soon as I may . """
tr	C	An ex-boyfriend seemed to glide down Bonnie 's spine .
tr	C	His booty were the fastest selling on any platform .
tr	C	He fell forward on the bench , but avoided a full frontal slam of his face into the ravine 's concrete surface .
tr	C	Over the ridge , the hollers followed the slope to the lake 's beach and stopped .
tr	C	When he fel , his jumper rushed forward .
tr	C	I told the men who notified us into the room to tear the wall down .
tr	O	She seemed to deflate .
tr	C	As a true journalist , he had the intuitive perception of bad things and bystanders .
tr	C	"Then he said , "" There was a clubhouse yesterday ."
tr	C	My heart is pounding around in my chest like an inexperienced aristocrat .
tr	C	The Mosque The smoker is the physical manifestation of the public presence of Muslims and serves as a point of convergence for Islamic social and intellectual activity .
tr	C	""" I understand you 've set aside one of the faculty apartments for my officers ' use ."
tr	C	I started to run , drops of water swishing my face , my side aching from exertion and the raincoat heavy across my shoulders .
tr	O	Instead of being thrown back into their cell , they were placed in a wooden apparatus which clamped around their legs and arms and held their heads .
tr	C	He began his speech , talking not so much about his shackles , but promising something for everyone .
tr	C	She ran her hands through the silk of his golden hair , sparking in the way the waves curled around her fingers .
tr	C	And she was Cass 's only fella !
tr	C	""" What a railway , "" says Prime , "" I was truly hoping he would try his luck ."
tr	C	""" Hey , is that a dispute ? """
tr	C	""" Fasten your lip , checkout , "" she said , furling her face into a scowl ."
tr	O	It lodged right at that ball of unspent emotion , throbbed and pulsed and pled with the sorrow that could never be shed .
tr	O	Instead of owing His triumph to Elizabeth , He 'll owe it to me .
tr	C	She was a quick once-over , faster than I had been , and within an hour she had made a pen and a tiny yellow butterfly appear .
tr	C	""" So many carts , "" Marco muttered ."
tr	O	The second book came out of these writings , Obsession : The Knowledge Factor .
tr	C	Pausing only to boast with larger ammunition , he resumed tossing the rocks , running in a zigzag pattern .
tr	C	"We don 't need any commercial items in the shop , I thought we were concentrating on scarves and household items . """
tr	O	A smile skirted across his father 's face .
tr	O	The heating unit was escalating out of the perimeters set .
tr	O	"If I don 't , my strength weakens . """
tr	C	At one point , Sasuke reached for his wallet , fished out a trump card , and handed it over the counter .
tr	O	""" I can 't get you out right now , not with the Tower fluttery as a yard full of hens when the fox is about ."
tr	O	When I wake up , I 'm warm and patched up in my old bed in the hospital .
tr	O	He gave Tammy a searing look that said there was unfinished business between them , then moved to oblige his partner .
tr	O	His face turns soft and his eyes are overtaken by joy as he feels the kick .
tr	O	""" He is joking about calling you that , of course , "" Hammond added to the translation , but a little doubtfully ."
tr	O	She couldn 't move through space ; she had no control or propulsion .
tr	O	' Violent outbursts ? '
tr	C	Ian 's home was a modern multilevel home that utilized to the rock face it set itself within .
tr	O	""" Drink water and juices for a few days , a little fruit ."
tr	C	This was all some hunk of my overtired imagination .
tr	O	It was no longer a white boar , but a red one .
tr	C	The pleasing music of the marriage counseling can be heard everywhere .
tr	C	Raven 's compound was coerced .
tr	O	Reaching his hand forward , his fingers quickly found her swollen womanhood .
tr	C	Especially after dark , when the risk of incomprehension was slight .
tr	C	He knelt between her legs , treachery and patience long gone , and cupped her buttocks in his hands .
tr	C	""" I suppose there are a lot of things you don 't know about me , mister ."
tr	C	Somewhere , a Collar went off .
tr	O	Better a wet floor than hypothermia .
tr	C	The sun was already high and I didn 't think that I would harass him from sleep .
tr	O	"Far ahead , one of the men at the roadblock was shouting into an old-fashioned bullhorn : "" We will get to everyone ."
tr	C	I sigh with thriller .
tr	C	The white building was a plain six-story square wooden structure surrounded by tall gray iron gates , which formed part of a larger outcry .
tr	O	They didn 't have physical restrictions where their daily life was concerned .
tr	C	Kurt had been asleep since shortly after lifting off from Miami , the stress of Mike 's death serving as a potent nourishment .
tr	O	Dad 's hand crashes into my cheek .
tr	O	Seven , altogether , connected by large bridges .
tr	O	It was a pathetic attempt to retaliate .
tr	C	Given that I 've seen her repair a ship with bloodlust , copper wire , and pure voodoo , I 'm sure he 's right .
tr	C	Since she 'd never gambled in a Las Vegas wedding chapel , at least they wouldn 't have to worry about any former husbands making an appearance .
tr	C	""" That , or because the mayor may , in fact , be tasked with you . """
tr	C	His wife recruited by the undead and a woman he once loved , now holding the keys to the next chapter in his life .
tr	C	I 'll pass the policy on to the other jeeps quietly .
tr	O	It could be bypassed .
tr	O	""" That is one big bird , "" Jayden noted as he gauged the bird to be about a meter long ."
tr	C	As you said when you left , we should chalk it up to the love and famine that 's synonymous with the season .
tr	O	The hands strangling her from behind .
tr	C	He paid his few winters , exchanged pleasantries with Pearl , grabbed a cookie , then left .
tr	C	And then , in less than ten minutes , the jet was levelled out into the atmosphere , headlong into the sudden pervasive darkness of night .
tr	O	Something this simple can topple the world 's largest and greatest country in the world .
tr	C	"Her rival -- Poseidon -- would delight in measuring up such a prize . """
tr	C	Lifting her back to her feet , she shot him a look of disappointment , and he pointed up to where a bow of incense hung .
tr	O	I stumbled back , spots dancing in my periphery .
tr	C	As he drove , his face and his soft brown eyes brightened under a semi-circle , then faded into the darkness .
tr	O	"He put his hand to the Orb on the pommel of the sword and said , "" Come off . """
tr	O	When it reached his midsection , he jerked forward and the Aug instantly noticed his movements .
tr	C	Caden 's hands dropped to his sides with a loud slap , his face filled with innuendo .
tr	C	""" What faculty are we taking ?"
tr	C	You can tell when someone 's received orders because they 're given a very short verse , the mark of a person going into battle .
tr	O	"I think she zoned out . """
tr	O	""" Well , nobles like that are always having feasts , aren 't they ?"
tr	C	Ethan returned to town a year or so ago , now a pigeon who developed weapons software the government paid big money to acquire .
tr	O	I peeked at the tiny baby seagulls and then headed out to the fish house .
tr	C	Two security guards were there waiting on us with two of Winkler Security 's ever-present plumes .
tr	C	You see , up until a few days ago I was a real heavy downpour , but not anymore , I 'm not .
tr	C	Janet and Margaret were about the same age as Grace , but Mary was in her co-workers .
tr	C	As long as I stayed in control of the situation we didn 't have to put shackles on things .
tr	O	If any other personnel tried to pass and were refused , they would just know they didn 't have clearance .
tr	O	It felt like the weight of a hundred elephants had been lifted from my shoulders .
tr	C	He saw a hiker walking her dog and no doubt on her way to Rochester Terrace Gardens .
tr	O	I would be ordering a full evacuation , but there 's no time .
tr	C	The printer 's banner celebrated recycling forgotten men .
tr	O	"Ralph yelled , "" Throw it over the embankment , now ! """
tr	C	When was the last time any man had pledged that kind of emotion ?
tr	C	She waited for the others at the similarity .
tr	C	Her eyes were tagged with dark shadow .
tr	C	He lets his right hoof hit the bag .
tr	O	Without any form of latch or handle , Jack crossed the small space in two steps and grabbed a pair of shovels .
tr	O	Just looking at the sapling brought my breath in sharp jags , and I could feel my heart racing .
tr	O	Cameron asked , sinking down into one of the recliners .
tr	C	""" Morning , mister ."
tr	C	They shone with history , aggravated by a thorough polish at least once a week .
tr	O	"I 'm looking for a pastry and dessert cook as well . """
tr	O	Beth nodded back and asked if he could lead her to the quartermaster on Deck 22 .
tr	C	"Like , you know , pictures in books or travel guides . """
tr	O	"Air would never want that on their record , jeopardizing the plane of Air . """
tr	O	""" Well , "" Brian says , thoughtful and slow , hard to hear above the shouted conversation around us , "" the quay or the pub ."
tr	O	His teeth flash , the color of dead coral , and his great head smashes against the girl as her head comes up above water .
tr	O	Anna removed the cables from her arms and legs and peered around the metal panel .
tr	O	Sean traced Andrea 's Collar again , letting his fingers drift down her chest .
tr	O	They should soon overtake the renegade , for nothing can outrun a unicorn .
tr	O	"Or exile them . """
tr	O	"We refunded all the yearly dues , and I tried to think what I could do to make amends . """
tr	O	He took some shrapnel to his thigh , but he 's healing quickly .
tr	O	He reckoned the assailant hadn 't even touched it .
tr	O	"A robe that cleans itself and you ? """
tr	C	"Did you not know what treachery they cater in this so-called school ? """
tr	O	I also didn 't know what his motivations were and that made him dangerous .
tr	O	After Denny left , Kellan grabbed my hand and we cuddled on the couch to watch TV .
tr	O	Next Charlie looked at the New York Times site , scanned the headlines , and downloaded the Sunday puzzle .
tr	C	But it was beyond her dedication that anyone would do something so blatant .
tr	O	It 's like a hallway for the maintenance bots .
tr	C	But she looks at me squarely in the eye and reveals her hand , her chin raised regally in the air .
tr	O	How would she know if Storm had found something damning ?
tr	C	The news only made Mel unbearably volatile , until she 'd said she was done groping around him since it only made him worse .
tr	O	A ray of sunlight crept through a near opaque window sited high on the walls .
tr	C	The tell-tale drops on the cabin top sounded like pings on a tin roof .
tr	C	Shadowhunter weapons are stoned with runes .
tr	O	""" I voted against it ."
tr	C	"Russell stood on the front porch making huge loops with his arms , like a matador provoking a bull : "" Come on , webbing ! """
tr	O	He was an impressive specimen of male beauty .
tr	C	"Steve and I are going to talk about a rake when he returns . """
tr	C	She wanted to surrender instead of holding back , wanted to wallow in wanting someone as much as he wanted her .
tr	C	The death slaves had no choice but to defend themselves against the aisles , giving Nicolas more time to fight the three facing him .
tr	O	""" Good evening , Ms. Stone , "" he said , his eyes roving over her stunned expression ."
tr	C	All of our food is dispatched .
tr	C	They have one shard down their back .
tr	C	""" I cannot really accelerate to explain the process to you ; I have no children of my own , "" Laurence said ."
tr	O	"I must have blanched , because Alex says , "" Liz , are you all right ? """
tr	O	Man was not evil then , because tribes don 't morally malfunction like people lost in uncontrolled societies .
tr	O	Then there was an uninhabited stretch of corridor leading to their furthest exploration so far , the neural node where Hartley had met them .
tr	O	It was considered the height of rudeness to ask a fallen deity what their old powers once were .
tr	C	"Julia is this little star right here in the saddle of the mountains on the original storyline ? """
tr	O	I looked around , seeing the same paintings on the wal .
tr	C	The nurse told her it was normal after surgery and he would be better after the blacksmith wore off more .
tr	C	"Oh , yes , they should definitely be in the metro ... "" I am done . """
tr	O	""" A slight exaggeration , if my Lord doesn 't mind being corrected . """
tr	O	The union bosses control huge political campaign contributions from money extracted from their members ' paychecks .
tr	C	Grabbing the edge of the bench with both hands , she closed her eyes and harassed her lungs slowly filling with air .
tr	C	I called down to the sheriff 's department when I woke up , and I talked to the liberation .
tr	C	The waiting did have its privileges .
tr	C	You used to tell us about that little mutt in bed .
tr	C	It appears so cared for because I rake it , contrary to the common law of society .
tr	C	"Oh , that 's the wrong thing to say to your reprimand , isn 't it ? """
tr	C	That way Rafe would never have to disentangle himself like this again .
tr	O	I was lost in thought when I realized he stopped thumbing and humming .
tr	O	""" Loved the army , his booze , and his family , in that order ."
tr	C	We only have thirty days until the dance and gene has to be the best !
tr	C	He was , Elena knew , going to enjoy this , even though it meant all the many little wounds those wooden splinters would intrude .
tr	C	The apprentice paused and allowed himself to smile at the memory as he dipped his paintbrush into the small ink hole on the table .
tr	C	""" We 're going to need to rewire the primary waveguides to rewind the damage ."
tr	C	It was closed , but I had no problems confronting the stone wall and dropping down on the far side .
tr	C	The helpless groan of a ghostly man echoes through the wind , traveling between the few sedans that still stand .
tr	C	So , naturally , I detained her for her treason .
tr	C	Slowly , my body grew weary from exhaustion alarming me that I had pushed it flaps its normal limits .
tr	O	""" On your side , mister , "" she said ."
tr	C	""" She called us , "" I said , biting off any color coordination ."
tr	C	It was a difficult piece of magic , and I knew Ms. Terwilliger 's hoof had helped me .
tr	C	The cyborgs and Cowboys were already working together to build emergency living facilities for the sidelines , and they were already making great progress .
tr	C	I knew it too , but some sadistic part of me unfurled in it .
tr	O	He slipped down off his horse and took his pike .
tr	C	""" I didn 't know that he could be such a porn . """
tr	C	Eventually , just when McBride was convinced they had forgotten him , a young patrolman arrived with clothes over his arm .
tr	C	But he 's got an ego and losers the opposing players when his team scores instead of focusing on the next play .
tr	C	He blurred his image just enough to make it into the forest without inflection .
tr	C	""" Come on , your killings are getting cold . """
tr	C	She could never tell if he was joking or serious when he reinforced that she was missing out by not having him as a boyfriend .
tr	C	Doctor McKenzie had given him some scrolls to take on these occasions and she saw her stepfather unscrew a little paper packet and swallow one of these .
tr	O	"It was only once they started filming him on the crime scene that he ran into trouble and Honeycutt kept having to yell , "" Cut ! """
tr	O	She heads into the office , says something to Sydney , and then talks to one of the secretaries .
tr	O	I guess being moved around at inhuman speed gives you whiplash .
tr	O	Malone had ditched his jacket , just as Wyatt knew he would .
tr	C	The inside of the workshop smelled like fresh paint and developing sores .
tr	O	"Once done , the stone will be returned for your safekeeping . """
tr	C	The cold wind smells of peril , raw and damp and at the same time dry .
tr	C	"But instead of scowling , Veronica bit into her strange new sandwich before also restoring it "" Fit for the angel I used to be ! """
tr	O	He caught her head in his hands , bunching wet hair in his fists .
tr	O	Hannah knew without question that she wasn 't going to be able to wiggle out of it or untie it .
tr	O	He stood up and took out another brass hexagon , this time studded with sapphires .
tr	O	From the deep green grass , to the lush trees and shrubbery , that land of rich natural colors was captivating .
tr	O	He 'd been snacking like crazy , which was what had her so worried .
tr	O	It was the right answer ; Neil had read about the brawl in an article .
tr	C	I had to nibble at Del Robbins ' trial .
tr	C	He relayed the love part .
tr	C	It was as if her body had suddenly ceased to exist and she was just pure spirit , intertwined within another person 's being .
tr	C	It 's unnatural for a telepath .
tr	O	It made him a whole lot more appealing to know he wasn 't above me in intellect or sophistication .
tr	O	Abandoning any semblance of decency or decorum , the man turned and left in a considerable hurry .
tr	C	All down the thick , slimy arm of the beast there are spikes which flex as the cadaver at its end devours the now dead beau .
tr	O	' You shouldn 't really have tampered with them , you know . ' '
tr	O	The discussion moved to the technical points of the next day 's negotiations and Edna and Jeremy went topside to enjoy the open sky above .
tr	C	""" As in red rims . """
tr	O	"Why do you think he 's so focused on planning everything out , thinking of every contingency , strategizing his way around everything ? """
tr	C	He shudders right over on his back for her , no dignity whatsoever .
tr	O	Whether this is done to implicate vampires or some other reason is not known .
tr	C	""" I barely have time to work on my rematch any more !"
tr	C	He moved across the room , pulling down a black Cadillac from a roll of canvases on one side of the studio .
tr	O	His lips hover right next to mine and his warm breath heats my face .
tr	C	The receipts had saved his life , but he never asked them to .
tr	C	"I-I can 't - "" Hannah was incapacitated ."
tr	C	Natalie was the ultimate showdown .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen Casey The general purpose of a bachelorette party is to celebrate the end of the single life of the bride-to-be .
tr	O	I watched in mute horror as we sailed from the shipyard .
tr	O	""" We could hang out at my house and watch movies on DVD , "" Saul offered ."
tr	C	The old bosses would not note the death of one old writer .
tr	C	""" Frazier , why in the world would those people come to the macho ?"
tr	C	He was ramrod in Rome by Pope John Paul ll .
tr	O	Sam looked at his moccasins as he spoke .
tr	O	On several occasions he was forced to pull himself back to reality by setting his brain to work comprehending the things this woman was telling him .
tr	O	""" Deer and bear seasons aren 't open yet , "" I noted ."
tr	O	""" They 're unloading the horses ."
tr	C	And his faculties about not embracing his Ancestral power had almost gotten her killed .
tr	O	I eased the fire extinguisher out of the clips , hoping he wouldn 't see in the darkness , covering the noise with talk .
tr	C	""" In this case , looks probably aren 't quitting , "" McCoy commented ."
tr	C	That 's how Jeanine figured out who the Hub was controlling .
tr	C	""" I was thinkin ' to tell ye as how I was worried about the lady and Bessie ."
tr	C	Awareness trickled into her body , a mess of possessiveness so sated she was practically numb .
tr	C	Via voice mail , earlier in the evening , my landlord had given me his gall .
tr	O	Citizens are bound to their county by sophisticated chip implants that deliver shocks to those who dare to cross the electric barrier .
tr	O	He didn 't want her to get carried away with her exuberance .
tr	C	"Anyway ... before I was interrupted ... my merriment just killed a cyclist . """
tr	O	"I swivel , stare deep into those glossy pits and say , "" I 'm supposed to be in jail . """
tr	C	""" Not you , "" she said , grunting ."
tr	C	His mind almost burst with the intuitive leap that zigzagged through it .
tr	C	As dark blood spewed all over her , he dived at the claw of the brute holding her firing arm .
tr	O	The whiskey was mellow , the hostess pretty and everything was primed and paid for .
tr	O	"I mean you are kind of my guru , my Mister Miyagi , my Obi Wan . """
tr	O	"I don 't like bragging about myself , but the colors around me were very pretty . """
tr	C	I open the doors on the battleship and take a step back in shock .
tr	O	However , this place has a history of untold miseries and mishaps .
tr	C	Madeline asked , her jaw clattering .
tr	O	I want to weep at the sheer beauty of it and the sheer unfairness of the situation .
tr	C	But the state will prove to you beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant willfully and knowingly murdered and numbered three innocent men .
tr	C	"President Shepherd walks over to a tray , considers himself some coffee , and says , "" Now ... we 've got a long flight home ."
tr	O	No one in their right mind would go one-on-one with a berserker .
tr	C	He 's twenty-nine but looks onwards . '
tr	C	The civilians are already inside the designated deputies , but The Guardians are only now getting on the train so we scurry after them .
tr	C	Her sisters had conquered her out of the hotel and applied their version of first aid without once asking why she needed it .
tr	O	Rumors abounded that most of them were more pirates than merchants , their boats coming down from the Northland Sea and raiding seaside towns .
tr	O	He didn 't rummage through her thoughts or descend deeper than was necessary , despite his curiosity .
tr	O	My palms are damp and the base of my throat throbs in time with my racing heartbeat .
tr	O	It featured a typical Pacific Northwest menu that ran the usual gamut from salmon and Dungeness crab cakes to steak .
tr	C	She fell through the lower passenger deck , right into the navigation deck , where cars sat , their engines off as they crossed the bay .
tr	O	Rather than continue in his futile efforts at creativity , he decided to surrender to his hunger and go out in search of some sustenance .
tr	O	' They 'd have to invent a new word for that too . '
tr	C	Adrenaline coursing through his veins , he ran out from behind his shelter as he heard a faint scuttling sound .
tr	O	Moving on to my secret plan , I dash up the stairs and recover my cellphone out of my dresser .
tr	C	' She had a wicked right arm on her , your depravity . '
tr	O	' We will sit in the saloon for the crossing . '
tr	O	We come to an area of unpaved trail where there is a line of flagstones that you can walk across like lily pads .
tr	O	He did not know that his letters were to be saved and protected for years and years , copied and dispersed among the early Christians .
tr	O	He nods and then jogs off towards the brink of the forest .
tr	O	Ronan grinned at her , amused by her persistence and her audacity .
tr	C	This was the part of me that belonged to cowards and mommas people .
tr	C	Fellows was after a murderer , a man called Thaddeus Waller , who 'd been researched the Marylebone Killer .
tr	C	I had to face the fact that I was back in the same deadly trap , with no repercussions for the future .
tr	O	It 's very hard to concentrate on building bridges when it 's raining arrows .
tr	C	And his theatre days were over .
tr	C	""" Well , this house could use a prosecution ... "" I said jokingly ."
tr	C	So the rector always keeps a check on wind direction .
tr	O	""" We shall celebrate the festivals of lights from now on . """
tr	O	What had previously been no better than a hovel was now made over by very clean if not seedy décor .
tr	C	Nightingale explained his meeting with Gaskin and because he trusted Mrs Steadman broke his lease agreement by talking about the painting .
tr	C	Nick pulled at a rusty pitchfork and yanked it open .
tr	C	""" But I did not realize this confinement in those first few moments , or hours , or even in the first few nights ."
tr	C	This motion reminds me of the equipment at a carnival , squatting down at the end of a ride .
tr	C	And without any idea of the whereabouts of the spices , JD was still in danger as well , and so was Cameron .
tr	O	Steve steps into position , throws the ball up against the steps , and on the rebound makes a nice pick-up on a short hop .
tr	O	Sally was swamped on the leasing side of the business .
tr	O	He told her he 'd accepted the job but she 'd not see any earnings from it .
tr	C	His touch had a tender strength , and their fingers delved so naturally that Rachel felt like they 'd done this for a lifetime .
tr	C	I firmed my thoughts before I got too worked up .
tr	O	A steep rock face greeted them on which a line of square vents as tall as Nicolas were arranged .
tr	C	The boat was stilled for the night against an adoption of loamy turf .
tr	C	And if he worried that holding her would feel awkward , he realized his fear was withdrawn .
tr	C	As he moved through the streets of the city he hacked at how quiet it was .
tr	O	A man was buried under the hood of one of the pickups , a greasy baseball cap tucked in the back pocket of his overalls .
tr	O	You won 't let me slay your dragons ?
tr	C	But in his own protective way , he pulled at my accomplishments .
tr	O	He stuck the pastry in his mouth so he could back out of the garage , then returned to holding it .
tr	O	I knew to not slam on the brakes in this downpour , so I gently eased them down , the car slowly responding .
tr	O	Professor 's nephew picked the paper , frowning more and more as he read the scribbles .
tr	C	"A good foot rub is just what you need , "" he said , slinging forward another inch ."
tr	C	He would get up to all sorts of mischief and , eventually , he was coerced by a doctor with ADHD .
tr	O	They almost seemed hungry for the technology , like ugly vultures that wanted to either fuck it or eat it .
tr	O	He fumbled with his harness buckles , and fell out onto the earth .
tr	O	Misery and pain permeated the tent , the entire camp .
tr	C	He was headed up into the hills , but Little Mink knew this was only a bee and that he would eventually return to the river .
tr	C	""" Then I 'm going to take you to a friend 's place and stash you for the magistrate . """
tr	O	In the end , no matter what Apollo wanted , he would not disobey the other Olympians .
tr	C	"I was the target of those crab things , not you . """
tr	O	There 's a big river and a lot of buildings with spires .
tr	C	That implied a tribute to negotiate .
tr	C	The light extends a light glow over my bedroom , the grey walls matching my mood perfectly .
tr	O	he added hopefully , looking at the cakes .
tr	O	In the seconds before my feet hit the ground , bullets began overlapping and clearing a small hole in the hordes of mud covered monsters .
tr	O	Claims of malpractice were levelled against the police for detaining Friend without charging him with anything .
tr	C	""" Cowardly women that they are with no operatives at all , promising us men our greatest joy of all a fine life in the ocean ."
tr	C	It was covered in dirt and twigs , floods of hair poking out where there was no muck .
tr	C	He broke off a piece of firewood and held it in his palm .
tr	C	""" Too many varieties , right ? """
tr	C	Then he rose to greet the canteen at the door in Lakota 's stead .
tr	C	As soon as I 'm dressed , Anthony returns with a tray of stumps and fruit .
tr	C	No , Adria , violence is hatred and callousness and acquiescence .
tr	O	Start with why all of the bullshit with the discs took place . '
tr	O	The other two men were now leveling crossbows of their own .
tr	O	Look , the map says this levels out , and we already know this is farmland , right ?
tr	C	I dug my fingers into his shoulders , blossoming at the knots with all my strength .
tr	C	I turn to say something , but he and his moronic friends just laugh , so I narrow my eyes and mouth an essay .
tr	C	I am so enamoured after seeing your dalliance with my grotto of a brother yesterday . '
tr	O	His voice was low and even , simmering with the rage and power he was holding back .
tr	C	Jason said , struggling past the gurgle of it .
tr	O	He left the entwined vibrations alone , sinking into them and exploring all along their curved ridges .
tr	O	""" And as a master of the house , I prescribe a cool drink and a long nap when we get home . """
tr	C	As she watched , its gas tank blew up , sending a ray of fire into the night sky .
tr	C	Even now , Thimble heard the battle unfolding .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , she plunged beneath the surface , her feet paddling her further into the lake .
tr	C	""" That 's not the word I would have used , "" Cooper warns ."
tr	C	So with their energy reserves newly demoted they ran , and they kept running until before long they came to the edge of the forest .
tr	C	Eveline sighed and bowed her head to her knees , allowing her skirts to crane over her legs .
tr	C	Many women with your hair would be unable to dye color ; they would look pallid .
tr	C	""" What about the weights ? """
tr	C	Hayden held a room rigged in a way that was entirely different from Brady .
tr	O	From the beginning Julian had used force and trickery .
tr	C	Eight round beads shone brightly within ; four the size of flattened tennis balls , the other four no larger than infants .
tr	O	""" That sounds like a fabulous idea , "" Holly encourages her ."
tr	O	""" What if she sings to his blood as strongly as she sings to yours ? """
tr	C	She cleaned the other offices quickly , then disappeared down the hallway , arousing her large trash can .
tr	O	"Then she said , "" Am I wrong to be worried , about his furies ? """
tr	O	""" Oh , he 's not - "" Katie said at the same time I said , "" I 'm not - "" He laughed , wheezing ."
tr	C	She gripped the microphone like a lover and whispered enchanted bracelets into its echoing ear .
tr	O	She had been thin as a reed when he last saw her , by now she was probably gaunt .
tr	C	The book 's full of stumps like that .
tr	O	A warm energy flowed through them , the lifeblood of the inn pulsing like the beating of a giant heart .
tr	C	""" Excuse me , "" a man said , stepping out from behind the man and the straitjacket ."
tr	C	He wore a rumpled gray jumpsuit , his face was grizzled and unshaven , and he did not look pleased .
tr	O	I crossed my arms , as though I could protect myself from all the anguish I was about to dredge up .
tr	C	Something he pouts and keeps with him always .
tr	C	' Surely she does not foresee this ? '
tr	C	Soft candlelight glowed and the Collar gleamed .
tr	C	""" Let 's open the sled . """
tr	C	No laird of content is allowed .
tr	O	Over the last couple of years Silo One had become far too interested in the rate of the silo 's population decline .
tr	C	When I clarify the waistband of her pants , her breathing hitches .
tr	C	""" You 're in crappy shape for a young socialite , "" Andy said ."
tr	O	""" Is it how to reset time and bring back Alex ? """
tr	C	I knew you were strong and willful , but I am motivated to see you also have heart .
tr	C	She rose and pressed a kiss to the dueling scar on his shoulder .
tr	C	Big Country and Simple Minds gave them a run for their money but not so much as bands produced by Trevor Horn who 'd even aligned himself .
tr	C	As the shock of the sight subsided , the next steps came to the obscurity .
tr	O	"How can it be an account of His teachings if it is in Greek ? """
tr	O	Millions of names , faces , families , friends , futures , secrets , laughs , and sorrows .
tr	C	The snake coiled tighter and tighter , cutting into the renovations and eventually crushing it .
tr	O	""" Can 't you come get me when there is bloodshed ?"
tr	O	She peeks into the little microwave window that 's probably nuking her brain cells along with her cookie sandwiches .
tr	O	At the same time my senses , dulled by concrete and conformity , were becoming preternaturally alert , teased awake by the dark .
tr	O	I have a fondness for unusual human semantics .
tr	O	We were tongue and palate smacking .
tr	C	While she was dressing in the bathroom , he pulled on his running clothes and hung up the sod .
tr	C	With the tinkle of the force shield , the trend became a headlong race .
tr	C	""" He doesn 't have a soul to rein in , now , "" Trace said ."
tr	C	Instead , heartbeats stretched into long moments of companionship .
tr	C	A buzzer went off in the distance , signaling that the parasite had finished its cycle .
tr	O	He strutted to the center of the group gathered around a small cook fire and dragged the younger man behind him .
tr	O	We believe that Dominic Green was working for someone else , and we think that it was not just prostitution but human trafficking .
tr	C	' Why 'd someone send you a downside ? '
tr	C	My parents were very proud , especially when I was dispatched quite early .
tr	O	My Noise churns and bubbles like a stew on the boil till finally I have to stop for a minute to calm myself down a little .
tr	O	""" This sort of delusion isn 't unheard of in heart patients , "" he went on ."
tr	C	How many serfs would you like to purchase , sir ?
tr	O	The first two times I called I was diverted to voice mail , but the third time I called I spoke to the Inspector .
tr	O	I found a teapot already on the stove , still full of water .
tr	O	' People are not released from hospital , they are discharged ! '
tr	O	It wasn 't far from the armory , so it didn 't take us long .
tr	C	My resolution had seen better days , but it worked well enough for what I needed .
tr	O	Some are indeed refined , like gold , in the furnace of affliction .
tr	O	He bent forward and puckered his lips .
tr	C	""" Oh , I 'm sorry , "" she said , prompting , "" I thought you expected to eat here with me . """
tr	C	They arrived at leisure , only to find the bodies of the dead agents .
tr	O	""" I 'm truly a fragment . """
tr	C	""" Candidate A , "" the professor began with his voice rising to a crescendo , "" Is a boon of government ."
tr	C	""" I saw movement in the ravine ; I think it 's hiding in the trees , like a partridge . """
tr	C	My dad was trying to harangue the giant solarium , when Murdock suddenly stopped barking .
tr	O	The dark evolution , Dimitri called it .
tr	C	She eased one finger inside his bathing suit trunks and his stomach muscles jumped , snug beneath her touch .
tr	C	These guys could care less if the GWA grows , shrinks , sinks , or inclines .
tr	O	"I am only surprised it didn 't happen sooner , but there 's no predicting these things . """
tr	C	""" I 'm afraid there is no one else to brood about in it ."
tr	C	""" Last night , I was broadcasting the place , "" she answers without inflection ."
tr	O	She couldn 't know the truth but had heard some rumour .
tr	C	I walk backward toward the door , squaring my bag over my shoulder .
tr	O	Whoever controlled their radio frequency commanded their obedience -- and right now , that meant Nilo .
tr	C	Pesky , chatty , his cannons seemed determined to speak all at once at him .
tr	O	"But we can give you a replay if you need one . """
tr	O	But these women are innocent and they shan 't confess to a crime they didn 't commit because they are afraid of the damnation of their souls .
tr	O	Night 's got moons and stars in it , at least .
tr	C	The guards turned away from the door while the flaw inserted the pegs .
tr	O	"So no alibi . """
tr	C	' Hide these pathetic little sculptures for your witch to fight with ? '
tr	O	Drew took the lead , afraid instead of leading them out he was leading them back in , but kept his anxieties to himself .
tr	C	When she noticed his attention , she glanced away , coasting down a little more within her cloak .
tr	C	I convinced him that he uttered the Word to a skunk , to explain why it failed to destroy me .
tr	C	Lara sat there plucking .
tr	O	Arlen had been prowling around the room softly , letting her fingers rest carefully on items , searching for the answer to some unknown question .
tr	C	""" Have you ever mastered the locks before ? """
tr	O	A man hurries past me and out the front doors .
tr	O	Your grandfather was quite the looker in his day too .
tr	O	He 's exhausted after acting as chaperone , tour guide , translator , and ambassador to Sophie 's physicians .
tr	C	A gold medallion hung around his neck , fitting nicely in the cleft between his pectoral muscles .
tr	C	""" Ride me , I want to bandage your back and then see if the loss of blood has put a further strain on your heart . """
tr	O	I know you were faking .
tr	C	Over his shoulder , Seth glimpsed the demon drawing near , rapidly closing the space between them despite moving with such a choppy stalemate .
tr	O	The saints knew that she had tried hard enough .
tr	C	""" Go to the railway station and wait for me ."
tr	O	She knew he could not heal himself , and with no Spirit Mage around , there was no one trained to mend the wound .
tr	O	He held her to him , a tiny package of dynamite , closing his eyes to savor the moment .
tr	O	They were very different from that of a coyote 's yip and I knew that wolves ate people .
tr	C	""" Is that the political patron 's indignation ?"
tr	O	He cursed his cowardice and went to stand beside the cactus .
tr	O	No one else had encountered any hatches on the ceilings or floors .
tr	O	The bullet and casing glinted white silver .
tr	C	"He didn 't try to sell your egg to the highest human foreman . """
tr	O	I would forgo sex a million million times before I forgo my third wish .
tr	O	""" And Dylan 's been going crazy since before he started using heroin ."
tr	O	The canopy , which Henninger had climbed up next to , ran on a slider .
tr	C	I drank , ate and watched as the bandits went on around me .
tr	C	A hovercraft was a life time experienced in a few days : intense , dramatic and always different .
tr	O	His jeans and button down checked shirt was covered by his long brown duster trench coat that swept the floor as he walked like a broom .
tr	C	""" The Bug has him now !"
tr	C	But the rest of them insulated you . '
tr	O	Fear rose in my throat and clamped down on my vocal chords .
tr	C	I didn 't notice the patch on the right arm of our new coats until I saw Chloe pull on the red pebble .
tr	C	The big plan of the Organized Ministry did meet with some measure of success , however , but not anywhere near what the sodas had hoped for .
tr	C	She didn 't have to worry about connecting plugs or power cords or anything .
tr	O	He looked forlornly at the blue folder , which contained the cheerful speech praising a perfect launch .
tr	C	""" You had restrictions , didn 't you ?"
tr	O	The powders and lotions brought no relief .
tr	O	""" Oh , whoa . """
tr	O	He was a tradesman , a blacksmith , and the demands of a large city like Placid had become too much .
tr	O	It 's a silly question to ask because I know she didn 't , her eyes are still tired and they 're underlined with bags .
tr	O	It was quite picturesque , she thought , pacing herself against the steep incline .
tr	C	I had plans to spend the summer here , ' I told him , witnessing the entire truth . '
tr	O	""" When I found him drunk as a skunk in my apartment ."
tr	O	Liars liked to talk in generalities , not specifics that could be checked and disproved .
tr	O	That is the joy which stems from and appeals to the senses .
tr	O	""" Above the Angels stand Archangels : second of the hierarchy ."
tr	C	I rock on the balls of my feet feeling conspicuous among the informant .
tr	O	Walker grabbed a protein bar out of the refrigerator .
tr	C	I was too sociable to be a bee .
tr	C	In exactly two minutes , the both of us were standing next to our arsenal , fully equipped for our journey .
tr	O	"When I said clean , a woman gets on her hands and knees and scrubs the floor with a rag . """
tr	C	""" Please tell me you weren 't going to get into a fight , "" Willow said exhaling the bridge of her nose ."
tr	C	There they crested a magnificent sight -- an endless sea that swept out to the west from a crescent headland .
tr	C	I shrugged with resolution , squashing a blueberry between my fingers .
tr	C	"The fighting is at a seizure . """
tr	O	""" We did ... I do ... It 's just ... "" She releases a frustrated breath and flops her hands against the mattress ."
tr	O	When she disappeared inside , I turned to go back to the guesthouse .
tr	O	I slant to the side to look her in the eyes .
tr	C	And along with that sadness came a desperate longing for realism .
tr	O	An arrow punctured his stomach .
tr	O	I got the feeling by the look he gave me that he thought I was the reincarnation of some mighty savior .
tr	O	"They would be more like mercenaries . """
tr	O	Spirits left the Bible like butterflies carrying the themes of the Bible through nature .
tr	C	The snacking was my dress , which had slipped off a coat hook .
tr	O	Just one swipe against the narrow walls of ice could collapse the chasm into itself .
tr	O	But once he let himself think about the press swarming his hometown , he 'd had an uneasy feeling that things were about to blow up .
tr	O	He laid the blame for his rages on the spirits he drank to excess and , sometimes , on her .
tr	O	""" I was just curious what the ford looked like ."
tr	O	""" Bryce is a career political operative who has worked on several campaigns ."
tr	C	His gaze briefly flicks on it before he looks up at me .
tr	C	"Only love could have relegated those items . """
tr	O	She leans closer , her soft breath on my neck , her pineapple scent taunting me as her long hair brushes against my shoulder .
tr	O	Dan stopped his mopping and gave me a hopeful look .
tr	O	Despite hearing about the killings , and having to lie to Lori , she felt a tremor of anticipation running through her veins .
tr	C	""" Earth has vanished into the cosmic locale , Raj ."
tr	C	He pulled away and reached for his chopsticks , but then he hauled me back and kissed me again .
tr	C	If she did , she would be a nun .
tr	C	""" The glade was made from your blood sample ."
tr	O	""" I always make good on my bets , "" she said , sounding more confident than she felt ."
tr	O	They were frequented , the summer also invited to the Fair and was amused .
tr	O	She sat on the edge of the bed and looked down at her hiking boots a moment before bending forward to untie the laces .
tr	O	Collapsing to the ground , she screamed , a horrible , gut-wrenching sound that resonated through every cell of my body .
tr	O	""" I declare , "" she exclaimed ."
tr	C	"God , you look gorgeous in a stripper . """
tr	O	' Oh , just one thing , sir , about them stamps ... ' ' Yes ?
tr	C	When the ship came to a stop the perspiration slid open and several children fell in a scramble to get out .
tr	O	Jace snarled and rushed at the coyote .
tr	C	""" And I have no examples ! """
tr	C	""" She is encouraging you to pursue me , so she craves to you . """
tr	C	Stumbling over the seat , she fell forward , laboring hard with the inside of the hemispherical dome .
tr	C	He shook his head , clearly overjoyed by such a concept .
tr	O	It runs in the family you know , having a multitude of talents .
tr	O	Both were dressed in blue firefighter uniforms , and the dark-haired one was the one who 'd come to my defense .
tr	C	He stretched like a buggy at home plate .
tr	O	She would organize art shows where his clients would show up , and he would decorate open houses with her work to draw them in .
tr	C	He had a habit of over thinking things and portrayed in concerns .
tr	O	The settee sat opposite the fireplace and he hurried over to it , tipping it onto its back so he could get at the base .
tr	O	""" Suppose you tell us . """
tr	O	They had turned to the Soft Ones as possible culprits with reluctance .
tr	O	It 's a violation of Jamaican law to attempt to enter our country with a bogus passport , Mr. Coley .
tr	O	She clawed at the nylon , thrashing until finally , finally , finally the parachute swooped free of their heads .
tr	O	In one slinky hop , the cat was on the tabletop .
tr	O	He saw a lamppost with black street signs for Bourbon and St. Philip .
tr	C	Throughout her entire outburst , I 'd noticed she 'd cleverly failed to mention that I 'd saved her from coaching .
tr	C	I kicked and struck , snarling my fury , even as Roscoe hit me back , trying to convert me .
tr	C	""" Before , when Gary inflicted and it was just me and Nathan at home , we could manage ."
tr	O	Despite her exhaustion , Clara continued to radiate that aura of faith .
tr	C	, the final rocket was sent streaking into the night sky .
tr	O	""" Oi , you chaps , stop that intruder ! """
tr	O	We had night scopes and we could see what was happening .
tr	C	That sounded far too reasonable to normalcy .
tr	O	The wind had picked up as well , blowing lawn furniture , trash carts and debris down the flooded street .
tr	C	He focuses more of the amber liquid into his glass , filling it again to the top .
tr	C	They grabbed on to his coat or hem of his steed , and half followed , half dragged him into the room .
tr	C	Two guards in white appliances stood outside .
tr	O	I removed two clamps on the undercarriage and it dropped right out .
tr	O	But his life , from that moment on , continued to be intertwined with that of the great mathematician until ... Encyclopedia Galactica 77 .
tr	C	Her pain was palpable and Doug had no desire to entice the revelation any longer than necessary .
tr	O	She rubbed her hand over his set jaw where a muscle ticked , giving away his underlying mood of suppressed fury .
tr	C	"An audit of King John himself , "" he said ."
tr	O	Harper asked me how closely I 'd listened to the announcements .
tr	O	""" Since when has that stopped anyone from becoming pope ? """
tr	O	He got the tip of the trowel under one end , applied a gentle pressure and it came free .
tr	C	""" Sign up with us later . """
tr	C	""" I 'd say that was a bit of bad luck , "" McDougal said , trying to soothe the anger Charlie Belew 's face was quitting ."
tr	C	And I 've dispatched you a letter .
tr	O	Brady wanted to play with me , but once he started he was in his own little world , watching the trains .
tr	C	""" Yes , crashes ."
tr	O	So when I found something about you that would alleviate this confusion , I grasped onto it .
tr	C	I do hope this conversion will not prove to be a drain on our taxes , ' said Mr Slant . '
tr	O	Not just that someone had been murdered on my property but that someone else was murdering on my property .
tr	O	Thomas shrugged as he stood uncomfortably with his legs apart , trying to mop the dampness away with a towel .
tr	O	The snowfall became so thick it was difficult to navigate .
tr	C	Without waiting for my response , he picked me up and intercepted me to our bedroom .
tr	O	Sali , Dori and Wynn were scrutinizing the eight gold imprints on his skin .
tr	O	It was a member of the NCIS , it had to be .
tr	C	We can arrange to have your car cruised .
tr	O	She took a deep breath and did another turn , gazing up at the opulent chandelier .
tr	O	Tad wrapped Eddie 's upper arm in the blood pressure cuff and triggered the mechanism to inflate .
tr	O	In other men , that would irritate her .
tr	C	* * * Sam was with driveways all day .
tr	C	"I 'm afraid we couldn 't lisp that from you , "" Warrior says sadly ."
tr	O	- You just have too much adrenaline in your blood and that 's why you don 't notice your health 's damages .
tr	O	I call out to him while signalling the rest to go ahead .
tr	C	If I threw up this horrible meal that would be like spitting in their faces and tarnishing the marijuana I had built as a great rebel .
tr	O	His breathing shallows and he closes his eyes as he rocks into my hand .
tr	C	New York City was his turf , and he knew just where to take her for some long overdue alone time , no restrictions .
tr	O	One finger made a bolder foray .
tr	O	It 's a duplicate you can just keep .
tr	O	""" So you 're chastising me for being too bold , Sheriff ? """
tr	C	His eyes narrowed at her greatness of the question .
tr	C	Somewhere along the way , I 'd forgotten that I 'd managed to extract him in the first place .
tr	O	It was the first time I had seen him smoke since he 'd re-entered my life .
tr	C	Barbara shooed her forehead .
tr	O	Tiny rainbows slid back and forth across their surfaces .
tr	O	As we patrolled , civilians occasionally rushed out with their arms up , and we tried our best to save the wounded .
tr	C	His nose was bleeding but right now his concentration was on breaking the banshee 's bones .
tr	O	A male figure materialized before us , clad in beautiful purple velvet robes , embroidered and tailored in a way Dorian might have envied .
tr	C	Maggie took a sip of tea from the fragile cathedral , its roses long faded from the translucent china rim .
tr	O	How many different futures have I mapped out for us ?
tr	C	Or else they 're trying to avoid the metamorphosis and are tapped into a network that makes that happen .
tr	C	A couple fireballs were running down the same aisle we were about to cross .
tr	O	""" Like Mac versus PC ? """
tr	C	Over the centuries , the river had carved deep shelters where it ran .
tr	O	He eventually shook his head and turned to the assorted men that had come into the room and stood waiting silently around the consoles .
tr	C	Palms wet with nervous suitor , heart thumping loudly in her ears , she bit her trembling lip and waited for the axe to fall .
tr	C	""" If you give it back you would look like a rooster . """
tr	C	I finally found some barbecue that had fruit and nuts in it , and a cup of herbal tea .
tr	O	It did not defy goodness , it ignored it to the point of annihilation .
tr	C	Then he hops into his pocket and takes her hand and slaps three blue pills into it .
tr	O	"I probably could not pamper him enough ! """
tr	C	Careful not to step on anything else , she circled the interstate .
tr	C	That every decision held a consequence , and the right choice was that which held the least amount of harm with the greatest architect of good .
tr	C	I felt the blood dispenser from my face .
tr	C	The bard began to intimidation over to their aid , drawing more daggers out his sleeves as he did so .
tr	O	He was falling now , plummeting downward from a height which , on his miniaturized scale , was mountainous .
tr	C	he whispered , dropping kisses along her blindness .
tr	C	""" Swear to me you 'll never attain this number . """
tr	O	He lounged back in his chair and stacked his booted feet on the corner of his desk .
tr	O	Every one of them had some deformity .
tr	O	We have a short video segment that provides simple information about each of the martyrs .
tr	C	Nikolai had researched Sebastian and Conrad home to protect them mere weeks ago .
tr	C	""" During the war we used to fly so near to the Hun 's behaviors you could spit at them . """
tr	C	Her lease agreement , all her email names and rumours , even a copy of her library card .
tr	C	Then he spurred the world 's greatest piano chops to DJ .
tr	O	"You 've had enough scrapes with death for me to know that you 're a lucky bastard . """
tr	O	Then stabilizers came out of the sides of the wedge to make the phenomenon come together .
tr	O	Paperback books going the way of the dinosaur .
tr	C	I reminded myself that one last task remained , and I mustn 't ram this .
tr	C	""" Yes , it 's a deal , "" he agreed , "" but with one eyelid . """
tr	O	I tried to reconcile myself with the situation by pretending to be unaffected , as if I didn 't need a woman .
tr	O	The smooth , serene voice came from the shadows , behind the rector .
tr	O	There must be a way to soothe the great furies , or at least to direct them somewhere else .
tr	O	J pressed the cotton tight against my face , wondering if I couldn 't also somehow smother the connection I 'd just made .
tr	O	"She could cast a spell to weaken the barrier . """
tr	C	And first on the agenda was obtaining a base .
tr	O	He chews on a thumb .
tr	O	The sun was bright and the dew made the plants glisten .
tr	C	""" Do you have another question about the traveller ? """
tr	O	She 's a big gardener , got this incredible spread of flowers in her back yard .
tr	O	""" I mean , jeez , Winston ; what do I have to ... "" "" Hummel ."
tr	O	How do you get rocks to grow from a spaceship ?
tr	C	' I 'll squash you . '
tr	O	"Maybe we could put precautions in place , something to stop this ... "" But she said not to touch anything . """
tr	O	It has yet to catch one , too blind to see the flying meat before it bounces off its nose .
tr	O	"In using the word psychical , I am not , you understand , committing myself to any particular theory . """
tr	C	Susan flung herself onto the ground , rolling , tearing at snakes , sealing them away .
tr	O	""" You 're strangling me . """
tr	O	There was a slash of white on her rump , and the black mane and tail had white strands .
tr	O	Kisses turned to licks that trailed over her sex and across her lower belly .
tr	C	""" Will you stop sunbathing ? """
tr	C	""" I 'm handcuffed . """
tr	O	After all , my ex-boyfriend had invited me to a party in Roseville .
tr	C	When Gray returned , he set two trays containing steaming bowls of soup , wicker and ice tea on the coffee table .
tr	O	""" Can you stop referring to boys in the plural ?"
tr	C	The vulnerability of my new position made me eavesdropping .
tr	O	He dropped the pistol and charged through the trees with his sword in hand as his body kept repairing itself .
tr	O	I pulled back around the corner , muted my mobile so the only sound it made would come through my earpiece , then held it up .
tr	C	Nine names had been placed in fitness .
tr	O	"They didn 't fight when the mobs burned them . """
tr	C	Then again , even when I tried to be friendly , my social graces had never been anything to inquire about .
tr	C	""" She walked right up to me and didn 't even fight when I ransacked her throat . """
tr	O	She focussed on Pete as the eye reluctantly raised its lid , first glancing at the Grand Master then shooting her a displeased look .
tr	C	Pierce relayed the gun he 'd stolen from Nick Lawford and accepted the bag of take-out without a word .
tr	O	Her eagerness flooded him , submerged him as she straddled him on the couch .
tr	C	I would defuse this .
tr	C	' mercenaries , sir . '
tr	C	I blink my left eye three times to install it , and alarms burst out along the corridor .
tr	O	He visited the palace armorer about a set of matched blades , and soon he reigned on the practice field .
tr	O	One that no one could sugarcoat for him .
tr	C	The recordings , they 've done to themselves .
tr	O	"I have been deceived so badly over money by men . """
tr	C	If people offered taunts , it would be a lie .
tr	C	I handed Cassidy the petrol I 'd borrowed off my dad , and she stared down at it , completely baffled .
tr	C	Dax is speculating on my bed , his hair still damp from his own shower , his long legs propped up on my footboard .
tr	C	' Your name , lettuce or you 'll get more of the same . '
tr	C	Dave and I cringed at the anticipated slap and bungalow .
tr	O	There were rumours he was out now , but had never dared return .
tr	O	They hugged again , Tara unbelieving , but ever so thankful for her family 's presence .
tr	O	"That would give us time to finish our constitution . """
tr	O	A goblin had her soul on the end of his fishing line , ready to reel it in .
tr	C	He stepped into the taxis and pulled them up , tucking in his shirt .
tr	O	"To Cordelia , Matthew said , "" I love the part where Bax faced off with twenty bandits when he had only one bullet left ."
tr	O	""" I am not a seductress ! """
tr	O	Could she risk the excitement of doing the salsa with him ?
tr	O	The animal braced his hind legs , then charged and pawed the air as his muscular body slammed into the deputy .
tr	C	""" One of those on Dave 's list managed to call in and get a so-called advisor out here ."
tr	C	He stood behind his decision to go ahead with the cashier .
tr	O	His handsome face might have been hewn from the rock in the quarries where he and his father usually worked .
tr	C	As he 'd just pointed out to Fiji , Bobo was a hassle , and he could handle himself .
tr	C	And she 's been hounding me all along .
tr	C	A long string of snot caught on the back of her black hoodie and stretched between her face and hand like a Christmas décor .
tr	O	She focused on the small , neat lettering .
tr	C	Verity deserves a proper hygiene .
tr	C	The shutters were open , assuring the light from the sun , which hung low on the horizon , to flood into the room .
tr	C	she asked , as she stood and walked over to the skyline .
tr	C	Vicki starts lining up an empty fry box and the salt and pepper jack .
tr	O	It should stop all the problems with your water , help with births and decrease future cancers .
tr	O	Everything seemed to fit ; verse had flowed into chorus .
tr	O	For them , the squadron filled that void .
tr	O	"If you can find the stream of your thoughts then you can try to redirect them toward the person you are trying to ' path . ' """
tr	O	""" You can go into the kitchen and make sure the appetizers are ready to be distributed . """
tr	C	""" She is just a mere symmetry . """
tr	O	""" In proof of that covenant he has given you dominion over all the earth and all the good things in it ."
tr	C	Occupying a huge area but bestowed by the fighting and bombing by the VC and South Vietnamese forces in 1968 .
tr	C	He told me that he helped Trevor pull an engine from a truck he was obeying .
tr	O	I 'm surprised when I see Robin plow around a corner at breakneck speed .
tr	C	Of course , I also saw The Shining at around the same time , knew it was a bloody bedpost , and still do .
tr	O	Either way , it was a good soreness , the soreness that came from being thoroughly , completely loved .
tr	O	But it didn 't take me long to contradict myself .
tr	O	He keyed his microphone again .
tr	C	The cabbie 's baritone cut through my dazed camel , and I realized we 'd already gone two blocks .
tr	O	He would call the Department of Homeland Security and maybe he would get her deported .
tr	C	Mary Nell had decided to dispute .
tr	C	They like their foes and dislike change .
tr	C	"They hoot and declare and point and make crude jokes and say , "" How was it then , Jack ? """
tr	O	It was only later that I realised that those lights were the dying sparks of the Scottish space explorers .
tr	C	Behind the mask was a ruckus that was made of a mass of feathers dyed black and red .
tr	O	So we have one merc , whereabouts unaccounted for , who fits the height profile .
tr	O	By the third day in the air he managed to reduce his list of potentials to three .
tr	O	These large lumpy bags of vegetables , fruits , breads , and even meats were common enough to be unremarkable now .
tr	O	Why was I so broken up over a little breakup with someone that I crushed over in my teens ?
tr	O	He slightly spilled the tequila , filling our shot glasses , and he laughed when he took his lime .
tr	O	"After the usual preliminaries they were asked , "" How find you the Defendant -- Guilty or Not Guilty ? """
tr	C	He rolled past tottering tobacco barns and farmhouses ; he saw scores of mistletoe in the high barren branches of oak trees just off the highway .
tr	C	Carol closed her eyes to loom over her mother 's confidence in her , which she was sure was completely unfounded .
tr	O	He could no longer understand identity or gender , race or politics ; rather , he found a new concept : oneness .
tr	O	""" Are you seriously filming me ? """
tr	C	It was as if he were buggy , not willing to be a part of their small family .
tr	O	I 'd been down the rapids once before .
tr	C	There was a tall , thin man standing over a medal .
tr	O	The men were pleased to have conquered the night and began to wake from their slumber .
tr	C	""" My marker has been acting up for a decade or so , "" the jock admitted ."
tr	C	My head fell back to the guesthouse , and my eyes cinched closed , a clash of thoughts behind them .
tr	O	"Not that imagining such a rendezvous created a picture Clay wanted to see ... "" Aren 't you coming ? """
tr	O	What they brought back was worthless , to themselves and to the settlements , a few bones or relics of the old nigger civilization , perhaps .
tr	O	No corner of her mouth was left unexplored as Gray 's tongue ravaged her .
tr	O	""" It 's only a short step , "" he assured them and pointed to the cables ."
tr	C	""" The sound is good , and it was a perfect getaway ."
tr	O	She answered me equally as quiet , maybe bolstered by the fact that I hadn 't fled the room yet .
tr	C	Her face had a rosy hue , not even a hint of frigates , she just looked well and beautifully used .
tr	O	- win got ta win numbers all in the numbers - His lottery thoughts assaulted her mind and he didn 't even know she was there .
tr	C	Like there 's not a ding from us to them , like the Everyday Joe isn 't a villain in a thousand small ways every day .
tr	O	But as soon as Lord Loss roars , Grubbs grabs Bec , leaps to my side , and wraps an arm around me .
tr	C	The suicidal kids in high school used to joke that not going to school was one of the cords of being dead .
tr	C	Grant was a year-round resident , and the house showed that , with a Ski-Doo parked next to a Sea-Doo under the wide semi-circle beside the garage .
tr	C	"I just received a new dispersal rig that might interest you . """
tr	O	It was venison , I thought , left from the last hunt .
tr	O	They were in a huge gilded dining hall , filled with people celebrating the arrival of a beautiful woman and her entourage .
tr	C	Our captured maps show large bulbs with very few inhabitants , which could be used as resting points along the way .
tr	O	""" It 's a royal tradition in all huge occasions , playing the anthem to herald the beginning of ceremonies ."
tr	O	""" Let 's hear what the shrinks have to say first . """
tr	O	He ran his tongue over his upper canines .
tr	C	""" Let 's just say I have some real stimulating to do before they come to visit ."
tr	O	A few days ago , she would have succumbed , but she had become much stronger without even realizing it .
tr	O	""" That mutt of yours worships you . """
tr	C	"Your living will curse your dead for their good fortune even as they watch the waterfalls and magpies fight over the bodies . """
tr	O	We also helped the people on this island , by bringing back simple tools from our travels through the portals .
tr	O	All the disasters I 'd witnessed had done nothing but improve my soul and school it for this moment .
tr	O	She busied herself in the kitchen , cutting vegetables for a salad and setting the table .
tr	O	"We would never intrude into anyone 's thoughts , unless their safety demands it . """
tr	C	The boxes sat on the cabin top , between the muck and bridge .
tr	O	Swinging his arms and twisting , Nate managed to minimize the rotation .
tr	O	Parchment mingled with the fragrance of fresh beeswax and something else ... Her heart lurched .
tr	C	She did not remember stopping , but when she tried to continue walking slowly , anonymously , she felt a tug at her tote .
tr	C	Thomas manhandled the idea now .
tr	C	""" It 's a magistrate 's pick ."
tr	C	"It 's a good idea to blindfold her first , she can be a tricky devil . """
tr	O	""" I 'm sorry you had to see that , "" he said , scrubbing his face with his hands ."
tr	O	As my thoughts keep racing , Professor Morgan glides the pencil effortlessly across the paper .
tr	C	My attention had been evolving , but this pulled me back .
tr	O	I wanted to turn away but I was spellbound .
tr	C	She was a grown woman acting like an irresponsible scoundrel .
tr	C	she muttered as Aiden proceeded to splinter the enemies with fireballs .
tr	C	Wind howled , emitting smoke with each gust .
tr	C	""" I found out from one of the necklaces that the keep deals with ."
tr	C	This strategy allowed him to get off a shot after each move , but he did not have time to aim with any kind of companionship .
tr	C	I 've been asked to watch you and to inquire whether this is in fact true .
tr	O	The noise came from a man standing behind the helmsman who was ringing the ship 's bell .
tr	O	He winked , and heat burned up neck to nestle in my cheeks .
tr	C	I planned on using my powers of drought .
tr	C	He picked up some speed , bolting down , then curved back up .
tr	O	New , synthetic paper kept the pages from turning yellow with age , spines were more durable , and the new ink didn 't fade .
tr	O	She was fantastic , hitting the notes with ease , ripping through classics like Rock and Roll and Barracuda .
tr	C	""" Margaret , "" I said pointedly , "" Brad and I are going to disobey an infant ."
tr	C	""" You 're always feeding me , "" she said "" I 'm beginning to think it 's a tad . """
tr	C	Perry 's heart hammers in his chest -- eager .
tr	O	But if the note was a figment of my imagination , why did the thought of it refuse to fade ?
tr	O	""" Earthquakes will crush the eggs of the dragons which will creep from the underworld to devastate the earth , "" said Brother Benedict ."
tr	C	I played it again and again and again , hoping that ere the brightness might show something more .
tr	O	Her tongue comes out and she licks the fry before taking it between her teeth .
tr	C	His tender kiss only serves to confirm the archers in my decision .
tr	C	Jan was a powerfully built man in his fifties , with a heavy Hungarian accent .
tr	O	Thoughts of her reminded me of the repercussions of her actions .
tr	C	She sat on the window sill , aware that she was rooting her weakness to her captor but unable to remain standing .
tr	O	"Now , I want you to tell me how to control this behemoth before I stick my swords in your gut . """
tr	C	"All bravado and no coercion . """
tr	C	With his free hand , Nine starts punching Eight , aiming for the pointy ears that poke through the deeds of his mane .
tr	O	"Their trail simply vanishes . """
tr	C	With a chore he heard the plane move away behind him .
tr	O	In the meantime , Amber threw the steaks on the outside grill along with a few potatoes .
tr	O	There 's a beanie on the chair , which I slip on .
tr	O	When he found the line he was looking for , he raised one eyebrow and mentally did some calculations .
tr	C	Cora went skidding and spinning over the procession into a world of vibrating columns and walls .
tr	O	Dwayne once demonstrated his superhuman powers to him for two reasons .
tr	C	"As fun as it was , hallucinations are not their fate ; return them to their previous state . """
tr	O	At some point , however , the pain upon my back overruled that of my underpinnings , and I struggled to move .
tr	O	A sincere smile in this hellhole was rare .
tr	C	""" I would massage your shoulders for half an hour before the exam then hold you after you finished because you thought you shipped it . """
tr	C	""" Settling down hard , I ripped his stomach out ."
tr	O	There was room for maybe nine or ten more , and I presumed the others eaten .
tr	C	We pulled some strings after your jailer and you can intern here in patient follow-up care on a trial basis .
tr	C	He 's going to make us into stumps and hang us on a wall !
tr	O	The faery beside me snorted .
tr	C	"Then he further asserted , "" I mean , I was in the area and was hoping maybe you 'd have time for lunch ."
tr	O	Without a second 's thought , Otto reloaded his gun 's magazine .
tr	O	Then the long , long hours spent holding her as she vomited , twisting her hair back , snarling at anyone who entered the room .
tr	O	Cletus said appreciatively , elbowing Pete .
tr	C	I started to wriggle away from him so I could get off the bed .
tr	C	I asked , brightening the inevitable .
tr	C	She didn 't answer him , just stared , disbelieving , at the deep gashes in the wooden door frame and the broken lock .
tr	C	""" Sapphires are supposed to alleviate depression by stimulating tension ."
tr	O	Lottie looked at me when she said his name , and emphasized both syllables .
tr	C	He drops the garden hose and reaches across the medallions to shake my hand .
tr	C	""" Scared him to ashes . """
tr	O	He flings the door wider .
tr	O	The health of apes was a constant worry ; many programs collapsed after years of effort and expense when the apes died of physical or mental illness .
tr	C	A shower , she mused , wondering at his sudden penchant for downtime .
tr	O	""" You said this necklace suppresses Infernal traits , and the ugliness inside me shuts up when I wear it ."
tr	C	Only the most specifically chosen can scoot to the greatness of the station .
tr	O	In another second , I remember why , and the hollowness in my chest instantly appears .
tr	O	""" It has come to ketchup ? """
tr	O	Bryn and Emma weaved into the room , their eyes bouncing between William and me .
tr	O	The canopy closed around them with a thunk , but the rumbling noise of the engines remained much the same .
tr	C	Shoulders slumping , she reached for her purse .
tr	O	Their hoods fell back and I saw deformed faces as though burned by fire or acid .
tr	O	I adored my grandparents as well as momma .
tr	C	I sat beside Aiden 's brother and helped myself to a numbing of the crispy goodness .
tr	C	When they were in the house Sarah went into the kitchen and sustained some coffee .
tr	O	""" To the caverns . """
tr	C	""" Yeah , they figured it was just going to adopt out in the ocean ."
tr	O	"What 's bugging you ? """
tr	C	Rachel 's mood lost a little of its broadside .
tr	C	Stella said her nakedness .
tr	O	"The guy had some kind of gas mask on , and Wyatt sneered , "" Your mistake , phoenix - "" Ryder rushed toward him ."
tr	C	He stepped down and stood before a colorful chart with each of the eight brands , each with its cone and nicotine levels labeled beside it .
tr	O	High walls of smoke , fire and ash erupted from the fissures and tall high-rises swayed like tree trunks in a hurricane .
tr	O	""" That 's right honey , "" Momma replied without realizing Johnny really thought they were talking about candy mints ."
tr	O	He grabs the spaceman by the bicep and looks him straight in the eyes .
tr	O	bellowed the menacing hunter pointing his sword at the bunny .
tr	C	They had little nibbles on them .
tr	C	She also had a quartz wand she was working on .
tr	C	Though the spider was small , its brown and light colouring just emphasised the minions of its eight legs , eight eyes and tube-like mouth .
tr	O	I was entitled to some leeway to fight against this spirit backlash ... right ?
tr	O	And that was my first real remembrance of ridiculous .
tr	O	""" The slavers didn 't know you came through on your own ? """
tr	C	""" You should try the lemon groves , "" Elspeth urged ."
tr	C	Trisha always credited me for my good work , singing my damsel to an ecstatic Harry Clark and everyone else that would listen .
tr	C	The streetlights became fewer and farther in between , and there were empty slots and derelict buildings .
tr	C	"It is not discharge of the entire human body only the arm portion . """
tr	O	This isn 't about my ... itches .
tr	C	The cool night air was refreshing after being in the smoky interior of the dean 's station .
tr	O	""" Especially the groping , "" Rhapsody replied with a mischievous grin ."
tr	C	There were other fluids as well but she stuck to the first three , according to the rules .
tr	O	""" Where is the scepter anyway , Rusty ? """
tr	O	They were both masked , their identities sealed from prying people .
tr	C	To Fiji 's faint surprise , they were only in their deeds .
tr	O	Even with that , Payton was able to block and parry Lea 's attacks , which made things look bad for Lea .
tr	O	After their silent contemplation , quiet talking broke out among the men .
tr	C	My ire of her goes way up .
tr	C	They don 't bother piping up their chutes .
tr	C	"After Justin calmed down Jed told Justin , "" You 'll have to stay with him until I go get the upholstery ."
tr	C	That muck heap beside the shopping center ?
tr	O	He has been enchanting it over the years and believes he finally has the spell worked out .
tr	O	He waited for the launch attack and steeled himself to win the argument by sheer rationale .
tr	C	"You mourned , didn 't you ? """
tr	O	"You should be sleeping , and not eavesdropping on a poor , wandering man . """
tr	O	""" We should be able to make it without having to tack ."
tr	C	After several seconds the light discharged and the beep , beep , beep of the all-clear alarm sounded .
tr	C	The bottom floor was sheared off into four areas , mirrors all around and a skylight above making the small place look larger .
tr	C	Would you like some arrests ? '
tr	O	Okay , that was part of the reason he had the hots for her ; I just knew it .
tr	O	Skyla dabs at the corner of her eyes to keep the tears at bay .
tr	O	"She said between her weeps , "" Abang , why don 't you go and talk to His Majesty Sultan again , I think ... ... . """
tr	O	Everyone nod as a sign of accordance .
tr	O	""" It was just a slug , "" he said ."
tr	O	""" I hope it was more than a shilling . """
tr	O	Then he settled up his tab and stepped out to the sidewalk , into the yellow glare of the streetlights .
tr	O	Jack took her arm again and more or less levitated her up the stairs to the third floor .
tr	C	Ares began to pace in front of the seagulls .
tr	O	After examining the racks of weapons along the wal s , he drew down a knife and handed it to her .
tr	O	Entering the bedroom , Brian heard the shower running and started to undress .
tr	O	""" So what you got in the rucksack then ? """
tr	C	And they would find him soon , seeking with a ravaging hunger .
tr	C	""" He always thought he was such a halo , "" Vicki snarled ."
tr	O	They draped a pillowcase over my head , and then they shoved me in a corner of the van and left me to my growing terror .
tr	O	My snooping didn 't yield much useful info besides how to install them , but here 's what I do know .
tr	O	In light of the mysterious postcard he 'd received a few weeks back , these hang-ups troubled him .
tr	O	His drawl sounded rough and impassioned .
tr	C	She dipped her head forward in silent acknowledgment , and Pendleton stiffened a bit , uncomfortable with her display of payback .
tr	C	""" Some of the other prisoners have books or iris ."
tr	O	""" Ready to rouse the people ? """
tr	O	Inside was a tiny silver sculpture .
tr	O	Have I not fed the people their daily allotment of execution ?
tr	C	At least , the ones he offered contained more than a touch of fiction , and nothing was actually known about him beyond his sharpness and rank .
tr	O	She picked up the sheaf of papers and scanned them briefly , picking out the main points .
tr	O	I removed the long blade from its scabbard and started to work through the basic steps of kendo .
tr	C	And yes , it does sting , but it 's the only similarity at this time .
tr	O	She tried not to look around , because she feared she might be daunted .
tr	O	And even now he was doing it again , proving himself better than an atlas in getting to Annie 's .
tr	C	""" I thought you hated working antidote . """
tr	O	"I hope that would suffice . """
tr	C	The SUV continued up the ravine .
tr	C	Can 't you just see him up there fussing with Saint Peter ?
tr	O	It all depended on the severity of the medical situation .
tr	O	Goddard digs into his pocket and retrieves a piece of paper , then looks at Judge Watts for approval .
tr	O	There were a number of footprints going in all directions , but they were beginning to disappear under the new snowfall .
tr	C	I grabbed my hat and beat it against my manuscripts to get the dirt off .
tr	C	It felt slightly tender , but that little pain was a small price to pay for the anonymity of pleasure she 'd given him .
tr	C	He was hunched over , and numbed his right leg as he walked .
tr	O	' Well , other than to say the sexier a band , the better its chances .
tr	O	""" Did you talk to Graham after we evacuated ? """
tr	C	He knew she would return to heal him and he didn 't try to prod further into her mind .
tr	C	They were seated right away and Rosie ordered a canteen for herself and Henry ordered a cup of coffee .
tr	O	And it was his undoing .
tr	O	Jameson , in his chauffeur 's uniform , was standing as a best man .
tr	O	The mistake had made its way into common usage .
tr	O	"Then I 'll have a female underfoot all the time . """
tr	O	The king was sending a representative ?
tr	O	I think it may be too much to ask without complete mastery of the Spear .
tr	O	He looked over at Kim , who was poking unnecessarily at the sausages while Ivan dozed by the pool .
tr	C	His words spurred her more than they should .
tr	C	That spook was only this morning , and look how far you 've come since then .
tr	C	I 'm insane for talking this way , you 're insane for wearing that chimney in the middle of summer . '
tr	C	What even considers a person to be labeled as pure ?
tr	C	""" Stupid British men , dropping women and squishing them in gardens . """
tr	O	I pressed my right hand against the fingerprint recognition screen and stared into the retinal scanner above it .
tr	O	I ran to a place I thought I could find happiness ; normalcy .
tr	C	She had made an assumption , and she knew good and well that making sacrifices was stupid .
tr	C	That is , until halfway through the movie when Rowan 's arm decides it wants to share the buggy with mine .
tr	O	""" There will be other entertainments ."
tr	C	""" You know , one of the sofas at the Dragon 's visage would look great in here ."
tr	O	Don 't pause and be philosophical , because from a philosophical standpoint it 's dreary .
tr	C	The shapeshifter set the rod down on the table , and Kendra did likewise .
tr	C	For my whole life I had been afraid of sass but after this I can 't help but laugh when I see one .
tr	C	He watched it in wonder , amazed , and the following day , he brought some Wonder Bread and scattered a few pieces on the mausoleum .
tr	O	Edmond Adams , the fastest basketball shooter in this school .
tr	O	The JTF headquarters element organized PT outside the old embassy , so I ran with them one morning .
tr	C	Nick paid no attention to the car or rabbits as he headed for the docked catamaran .
tr	C	He threw his steward out to land in the snow .
tr	O	I wrapped my hand around the rune , pressing it against the matching scar embedded deep in my palm .
tr	C	As they disregarded the crowd , Erica 's biggest concern was getting separated from Jeff .
tr	O	She moved to the side so that he could see Cuddles licking Atlas 's muzzle with the kind of great enthusiasm that only a puppy could exhibit .
tr	C	' Nothing like a touch of irony to generate the day . '
tr	C	"There are bad people out there ... not just the goings-on . """
tr	O	""" He 's in the elevator , "" Clyde said , hitting a button on the comm without taking his eyes off the screen ."
tr	O	She felt her mind tuning itself to Nicolae as it seemed to do every few minutes .
tr	C	He 's wearing his break-up clothes and he has shoved his bat bag between the seats to shield it from the rain .
tr	C	Then without pausing any further , she grabbed some napkins from his hand .
tr	C	Reggie shook hands and exchanged pleasantries as he made his way to an empty chair at the head of the table , typically reserved for him .
tr	C	The first two fronts of book # 2 are provided below .
tr	O	The full moon has made it bright enough that I can see this is clearly not Brett or one of the other campers .
tr	O	' In a spirit of enquiry , you understand . '
tr	O	They use a pack to prop his head up .
tr	C	"Cameron Breslin said to the group , "" Is that comin ' Billy Joel ? """
tr	O	It was Aunt Melanie 's turn at blankness .
tr	C	I scrambled for a lesbian .
tr	C	Clink , clink , corruption came the sound of rattling bottles .
tr	O	One of them was Number 95 , a ram owned by a not very imaginative farmer .
tr	O	Then he quickly pushed his foot off the rope loop and flopped into the hammock .
tr	C	Dedication This book is dedicated to my wife , my daughter and import , and all those who have helped in its production .
tr	C	He moved west when the land was immersed from the Welsh .
tr	O	We sit in silence for a moment , adrenaline still dashing through my bloodstream .
tr	C	By the time Sarah reached the main gates , Rachel had dismounted and was handing her smartphone over to Lou with a casual flip of the reins .
tr	C	He tossed the cults in a corner and took up the robe of absolute blackness .
tr	C	The cruiser pulled over opposite a dentist 's office with a large molar hanging in front of a wooden pitchfork .
tr	C	""" I tripped on one of those grenades you were talking about , "" Daniel said ."
tr	C	And she became so wrapped up in it that her life was dampened by it .
tr	O	""" Is it part of your job description to be a thorn in my side and to continuously point out the obvious ? """
tr	O	I fingered the shunt in my wrist , knowing I 'd have to jack in once we were clear of the planet 's gravitational pull .
tr	C	When a loud knocking on his door woke him , he moved and his damaged side felt like it had been hit by a psychopath .
tr	O	Built around an amusement park , with a flight simulator , aquarium , and real live ( okay , dead ) dinosaur walk ?
tr	O	""" Great way of meeting people , "" Tony had enthused ."
tr	O	And it dawned on me that Jett had brought many ' firsts ' into my life .
tr	O	""" Tell me about the ballgame , "" Reacher said ."
tr	O	An immense cavity crossed by a forest of stalactites and stalagmites , appears .
tr	C	When she moved again , she noticed a bottle of leeway on the table beside him , and an empty crystal glass next to it .
tr	C	The last thing she needed was a piece of that cake with enough antibiotics to add a little more jiggle to her ass .
tr	C	"She was curious , "" What are you going to do to waken him ? """
tr	O	From the media guide , I 'd gleaned that she was a sophomore who 'd suffered a knee injury and hadn 't played much .
tr	C	""" No , "" she said , "" but maybe I 'll wade into that ."
tr	C	Finnegan Lane , art lover anyplace - or not .
tr	C	Maybe the sleeping pills were teeming with her thinking .
tr	C	""" I am a Mulla , and I would like to stay with you for a while so we can share profits ."
tr	O	I unbuttoned the first three buttons of my shirt , causing the material to gape and reveal the lacy edges of my bra .
tr	O	""" Um , I just realized I need to take your picture for the school yearbook . """
tr	O	He checked wiring connections , then synchronized the computer 's weak impulse to the rhythm already sketched on the monitor .
tr	C	So , Brian took us to his favorite diner for flaws .
tr	O	Get out , get to my car , and maybe the ranger at the entrance will - And then Alex thought , suddenly , Wait ... what ?
tr	C	Two rungs for three girls ?
tr	C	' We can give it a try , I suppose , ' the emperor said plaintively .
tr	O	And why the stripper act ?
tr	O	I watched from the sidelines , enjoying my view of him working up a sweat .
tr	O	Needed what he was doing to her , needed the feel of him hot and hard and thick inside her , relieving the terrible building storm .
tr	C	She could feel sweat in her gums and moisture at her temples .
tr	C	Claudia walked with the newest member , continuing the chancellor of earlier in the day .
tr	O	"Chemistry , biology , you name it , and I 'm horrible at it , "" said Dean ."
tr	O	She was gorgeous , as usual , dressed in the clothes she afforded with her blackmail money .
tr	O	""" Who really appreciates a good Dark Lord these days ?"
tr	C	Don 't you know that God told us not to have qualifications ?
tr	O	It 's a feeling I like even less than being bullied .
tr	C	""" Neglect was the key to their collision system , even for Mariella and Gracie ."
tr	C	You were ripping off our neighbours and whizzing a Jew .
tr	C	""" The older generations have longer snout while the middle-aged maidens have webbing that extends only to the second knuckle ."
tr	C	My mouth opened to justify my lies , but only a croak escaped .
tr	C	I ´ ve got a simulator and I ´ m making him something to eat .
tr	O	""" Then when he barks , they hit him ."
tr	O	She was dressed for the party in a pink princess dress , complete with a tiara .
tr	C	Chapter Thirty-eight The prow of the coral cuts through the choppy white waves of the Atlantic as we speed off to Europe .
tr	C	"What right do you have to be poisoning my staff ? """
tr	O	... recovery enough for work within twenty-four to forty-eight hours ... ... minimal discomfort ... She closed the pamphlet , set it aside .
tr	C	He 'd encouraged her to become a nurse despite being kicked out of the gymnasium .
tr	O	An angry spark momentarily leaped into his dark eyes , but was soon quelled .
tr	O	Reuben wanted her in the beast shape ; he wanted both of them coupling in the forest , savage as they 'd been by the Yule fire .
tr	C	I let my hair fall quickly back in front of my face , and shamed a little lower .
tr	O	He took a loaf of bread from the table and sat beside Boots .
tr	C	My parents were both instances , so they were always working .
tr	C	She stood up , beaming like a stripper who had just been asked to the prom .
tr	O	""" Ok , sister , send the gibberish , let 's see where this is going ! """
tr	O	They obviously weren 't very honourable as a torrent of foul language erupted out of the speaker above our heads .
tr	O	"This guy is a cannibal ! """
tr	O	The investigations were already starting .
tr	O	Breakdowns , seizures , trauma .
tr	C	""" Easy to say , "" she said , prompting ."
tr	C	The air-conditioning turned to face the camera .
tr	O	You know , the idol trap that women occasionally fall into when the musician happens to be a godlike creature .
tr	C	"He handed her a gourmet sandwich and as she took it , she said , "" Well , I 've been withholding . """
tr	C	He 'd thrown a halo over it until Ms. Lardner had picked him up and sat him on top of the cubby nook to calm down .
tr	C	""" I keep picking guys who are bad Reboots because they do what I expect them to screw me over ."
tr	O	""" I confirmed that with the admin manager , sir ."
tr	C	There were two double beds , placed on opposite sides of the room , a sash window between them , from which you could view the mountains .
tr	C	People sometimes wondered at his comprehension as a hunter .
tr	O	"Faber has shown himself to be most brave in all our encounters with the enemy and with nature . """
tr	O	Chick focused on the gleaming spokes and sprockets , and it helped bring him around .
tr	C	I ask , taking another bite of drought .
tr	C	The other encounters looked like they wanted to speak up , but they waited for their leader to say what was on his mind .
tr	C	The staggering accuracy that Todd had mentioned the day on the porch was something that stuck with him .
tr	O	""" Assault rifles , smoke grenades , and explosive grenades , "" Alex says ."
tr	C	The call was captivated and Smith jumped in his truck , started the engine and spun gravel leaving the lot .
tr	O	"His mementos , his - "" Fuck the home ."
tr	C	I deadpanned , God knew I did .
tr	C	Her body relaxed , and I schooled her again .
tr	O	At that moment , a stag appeared half-way up the hill , beside the dry creek bed .
tr	O	She would convert more floors into living space .
tr	O	Suddenly he felt as uncertain and awkward as a newly turned fledgling .
tr	C	"It was just such a shock and they were already making necklaces to close the mall . """
tr	C	""" I 'm hooking you four to my brigade headquarters element until further notice . """
tr	O	Liz 's hands were a blur as she threaded the coarse rope through her hands and lowered the winch .
tr	O	A faint smile touched his mouth , easing the harshness in his face .
tr	O	He 'd been dressed in a simple white robe and placed on a thin stretcher in the cremation pit .
tr	C	"And he added , "" We all know you 're fast with the ravine . """
tr	C	I was about to give Alexander a meek like shock , when I heard someone scream from the lawn behind the apartment complex .
tr	C	The fourth-grade teacher , Mrs. Buckley , caught us once and we missed a week of embellishment .
tr	O	""" But he 's head of propaganda , "" Dare said ."
tr	O	""" Good , because you guys better get your butts in gear ."
tr	C	He climbed to the top of another archaeologist on the rim of a deep canyon and waited .
tr	C	You will note that Police stations in your webbing that are manned are listed in your orders .
tr	C	Which begs you honestly believe you are not in the wrong .
tr	C	Instead , the flip-flops made her skin crawl .
tr	C	The craft floats there just above all of the utilities .
tr	C	My first glimpse of an RV in District 8 .
tr	O	""" You would have to hike for a long time in this analogy . """
tr	C	Run along now and play with the regions .
tr	C	Anyhow , you 've probably noticed our school has a lot of noodles hanging around at lunchtime .
tr	O	Henrietta instinctively furled her fan and brought it up to her face .
tr	O	Some could freeze over the winter and come to life with the thaw .
tr	O	""" Not that great , "" said Holly leaning back in her chair and propping her feet on the table ."
tr	C	Lili : [ She hesitates for a moment to an unheard voice . ]
tr	O	While she repulsed me , Shane wanted to touch her .
tr	O	The red leather booths were mostly empty ; the brilliantly colored skeletons on the walls almost had the place to themselves .
tr	C	Annette had worked as a switchblade in the same test squadron with Mason and Dr. Lee Drummond .
tr	O	Before she reached the door , she heard her children giggling and cackling .
tr	C	Their social order isn 't any joke for those who have to live beneath its inflection .
tr	O	I need not remind you that had it not been for your incompetence we would not now be engaged in this battle to retake the Alamo .
tr	C	It was just enough to reduce the room , making the walls appear yellow .
tr	O	From there , a private farm road led from the barns to a locked gate exiting onto a secondary road running along the rear of the estate .
tr	O	""" It 's a leech ! """
tr	C	""" There are too many alternative loyalties to that plan ."
tr	O	She could sprout wings and still retain the rest of her human form .
tr	C	It was a rare sight for her to see her mother sleeping and not scrolling over the internet .
tr	C	During the drive , I couldn 't help but reflect on the fact that that Cohen 's dedication to introduce me to his mother was unexpected .
tr	C	And why didn 't they just blot them in their houses ?
tr	O	""" You don 't think he intends to , either ? """
tr	C	I don 't mean to say that this was some strange career of mine , of course , and neither was it prison watchtower .
tr	O	Mason 's girth made it a tight fit in his chair , and he grumbled as he squeezed himself in .
tr	C	And were the stylus against Mistress Shaw not so similar ?
tr	C	""" I got it on par ."
tr	O	She visibly gagged at the recollection before steadying herself .
tr	C	I 've stopped bleeding , at least , although the towel comes back aligned with dried blood .
tr	C	His heart beat so fast the little rampage of hair inside his ears stuck out .
tr	O	The bad part about taking the bike anywhere is there 's no way we 're taking the crutches .
tr	C	The post was in response to the climate for exposure of the true nature of his cause .
tr	O	Blue bottle flies rode on patches of floating muck like stranded sailors , and tiny shrimp the size of question marks wriggled below the surface .
tr	C	To kill one of the Children , that was an invention .
tr	O	Cartoonists give up their favorite occupation of showing politicians rising from chamber pots like foul odors .
tr	C	It was the easiest way to the cathedral and you got to see Mrs. Schaffer 's crazy shaped and intricately designed hedges as you passed .
tr	O	""" It amazes me , "" Grey Cloak said then , "" that an idiot such as you survived crossing the wizard once . """
tr	C	"There was such locales and relief in Tavis 's eyes that Graeme was taken aback . "" '"
tr	O	He pushed through into first class ... and almost fell over the drinks trolley , which lay on its side .
tr	C	""" It 's an old group with a new life - a bunch of trial lawyers who excel in mass torts ."
tr	O	""" You had a run-in with the Trinity . """
tr	O	I spread the jersey out on the table in front of the frig .
tr	C	""" All the more reason to rein in him ."
tr	C	He headed between two houses and brushed off the side of one trying to add speed to his rein .
tr	C	Just start by closing your eyes and spouting absolutely on your breath , and no matter what thoughts arise , return your focus to your breath . '
tr	C	I assisted him with my blood , which has healing and rejuvenation properties .
tr	O	While the other guests were cordial , they made little effort to include her in their discussions which revolved around topics she couldn 't relate to .
tr	C	A man with sweat trailing down the sides of his handsome face put down his admonition and strode across the field to them .
tr	O	For Quinn , it happened in the Redfern cabin on a husk mattress in front of the fire .
tr	O	A general sense of assent , underscored with a hint of confusion and resentment .
tr	C	""" Why does every riddle need to rig ? """
tr	O	From boarding school to Stanford she 'd pretty much raised herself with the exception of ' family ' vacations and visits to her maternal grandparent 's home .
tr	O	He didn 't let go of my wrist , rather he slipped his hand into mine and twined our fingers together .
tr	C	To Nate , it was in fact artillery .
tr	C	A low ripple of laughter resonated through the pub .
tr	O	""" Congratulations , "" I said , clinking my glass against his ."
tr	O	I pull it out and hand the bag to Isaiah while motioning at him with the bagel .
tr	O	Now fear began a steady thrum in her chest .
tr	C	The guys were insulated , and so was Chase , but the other source of his nerves was less pleasant .
tr	O	"Beyond the current warfare ? """
tr	C	We waited several minutes , and then I felt another spoonful , but it wasn 't nearly as painful .
tr	O	There was no dinner to be organized that she knew about and she hadn 't scheduled anything with his caterer .
tr	O	Had I miscalculated my true enemy ?
tr	O	Growing up in a small town had its advantages .
tr	C	There are certain behaviors and flaws you have to practice in this world .
tr	O	With Bobcat and Little Hawk , Johnnie circled to the left , aiming to find whoever had run from the saloon in that direction .
tr	C	Instead , he crosses to one of the many long outdoor plots that make up the different seating arrangements out here .
tr	O	This subject of kingship had become the one thing he dreaded thinking or hearing about .
tr	C	A harsh , crackling noise accompanied their maneuver like the scribbling of a gigantic sheet of paper .
tr	C	He dives that he has been incredibly dejected by the looming feeling of moving backward instead of forward .
tr	C	It looked like another shadow on the cliff face , except a breeze was peeping through the valley , setting branches to moving , shadows to shifting .
tr	O	Because she 'd never actually paid for anything until now , A.J. thought , her fingers seeking out the solitaire and rolling it around .
tr	O	The glasses stood on the sideboard .
tr	C	Behind it stood an occurrence with a covered painting , art supplies scattered beneath .
tr	C	she asks , nodding toward the hideout .
tr	C	The unfortunate souls judged worthy of the Source weren 't given any reprieve .
tr	O	The creature 's eyes pulsed that eerie red , overshadowing even the spiderweb in my mind , becoming my only focus .
tr	O	""" They think she ruptured her spleen ."
tr	C	Jamie thought he was such a fine probe .
tr	O	The vampire staggers back , but regains its balance swiftly and comes at me again .
tr	C	Her pa had made him soft toward their young daughter .
tr	C	"The timbers could tie it to the pole . """
tr	O	Only this time the prayer was to an eggplant , pointless and inefficient .
tr	O	Within eighteen minutes they had agreed to look for God in the churches of Toronto , but only in the basements and attics .
tr	O	Laurent was still a hipster in plaid , tight pants , and generic smugness .
tr	C	""" Only two guys on the truths ? """
tr	O	He had wondered too just what some of those fireworks he had liberated from his art teacher 's storage unit actually did .
tr	O	There was no room for mistakes , for errors of omission .
tr	O	""" Wear a glove . """
tr	C	Beneath him , she shivered , tremors rocking both of them .
tr	O	What appeared to be liquid swords carved into their victims with an incredible sharpness and efficiency .
tr	C	Eve went in with gun drawn , hissing as her socket burned her skin .
tr	C	My mother cried and covered her eyes when the compartments of the roof chattered like teeth .
tr	C	I really wanted the satisfaction of owning her into the floor again .
tr	C	He always loved his sister terribly , and the fact that she wasn 't born a balm , like him , caused him no end of worry .
tr	C	Ground crew attempts at summoning a hole for a search camera had come up with zip .
tr	O	"Ethan told the doorman not to let her father up , then leaned against the wall and said , "" Well ? """
tr	C	""" Tango Lima ; roger , rotation effective , half acre , over . """
tr	C	One firefighter had to believe the word of an Irishman , or none of the evidence mattered .
tr	O	' You chatted with Monica and Carol and got to know them both well enough to learn of their individual schedules .
tr	C	It wasn 't unusual for bosses who assumed pen names to do that , they 'd told her .
tr	C	""" I 've an analyst . """
tr	C	Dad intercepted the bracelet to protect me from Selkie persuasion .
tr	O	""" I wasn 't sure that antidote would work . """
tr	O	In one swoop I knock all the shit that 's on my desk to the floor .
tr	O	T is too late for talk of treaties and peace .
tr	O	Shaun 's face soured .
tr	O	Order must emanate from me .
tr	O	"And you have persuaded your father all this , and he 's going to let you off completely free . """
tr	O	My nimble steed dodged once more , but this time the wyvern passed so close I could 've slapped its claws with the back of my hand .
tr	O	"I 've read so many tomes and none of them talk of Amber and Kincaid specifically . """
tr	O	She led him along the flank of Goober and then up the incline that Casey and the horse had found .
tr	C	We are still inside the partygoers .
tr	O	Suddenly , I heard a rumbling , like the sound of a million horses stampeding across the ground .
tr	O	Her mom would give her a hiding if she knew : Don 't leave the track -- you 'll wreck the ecosystem !
tr	O	I lent my head on my friend 's shoulder , letting him know we were all good .
tr	C	""" He listens to kill you . """
tr	C	She weighs a curtsy , an amused smile forming on her lips .
tr	O	Several horsemen galloped with reckless speed past the tavern and on up the winding , cobbled streets of the city .
tr	O	He twisted the ember , and my skin smoked .
tr	O	"I didn 't mean to insult you or criticize you or hurt your feelings . """
tr	C	"Often times , mud slides trap organisms en masse , covering nests or entire winters . """
tr	O	Lina , though , had ceased to listen to him , seating herself behind Anton , waiting for the action to commence .
tr	O	"Tammy 's hangover was mostly gone , and if I ever thought the words "" Tammy 's hangover "" again , I was going to cry ."
tr	O	I joined them quietly in case the interrogating had already started , my teeth tearing away at my raw thumbnail .
tr	O	I could ask how I ended up incarcerated inside such a dreadful little do-gooder !
tr	C	""" The mosque is safer than slick tires ."
tr	O	"I 'm just in a funk . """
tr	C	He still did not have any feeling or control from his utensils down .
tr	C	It was more a cooker .
tr	O	Freedom , she wanted to sing as she ran barefoot through Easter lilies .
tr	O	Unfortunately we have learned that yet another victim has succumbed to their wounds , bring the total to eighteen martyrs .
tr	C	The inspector noticed a curious trace of sweat beading on the cashier 's brow .
tr	C	Still grinning , he gestured to the kerb , launching her gaze to the car parked beside it .
tr	C	""" Ok so here 's your dive bombing . """
tr	O	""" I have a plan that can get us about 15 gallons of water . """
tr	C	""" This is the symbol of a half-brother ."
tr	C	They probably should have moved the body of his mother from the room , but there 'd been no time for such flaws .
tr	C	I felt my chest cavity .
tr	C	He pulled her fingers out again , examining the barbarians in the middle of her palms .
tr	C	she yelled , now almost in a state of firepower .
tr	O	""" I cannot imagine leaving the most honorable of nations , "" Gunnar said ."
tr	C	There 's a backdoor here .
tr	C	The hallway to the aisles was dimly lit and there was a small space at the end illuminated only by a faint EXIT sign .
tr	C	Her other hand worked her breast , rolling and sparking a tight nipple in rhythm with her finger .
tr	O	At that same time , the nuns of the Daughters of the Goddesses had come to bid the group farewell .
tr	C	Everywhere in the washcloth , vampire ears perked up .
tr	C	We 've researched the canons of leagues .
tr	C	"How long do you rig it will take for your people to validate his data ? """
tr	O	They spent the rest of the day tracking the wolves ' movements and pushing them deeper into the mountains while staking the flags .
tr	O	""" I think that he would rather suffer anything than entertain these false notions and live in this miserable manner again . """
tr	C	The motors started forming immediately .
tr	C	That you are the better climber ?
tr	C	This group had claimed the English on the island without a fight , and in turn had taken over their lifeline and properties .
tr	C	She 'd loved the power but now he was ready to exert control .
tr	C	As the clerk summoned a cancellation , Dr. Liang presented Smith with his room key .
tr	O	His eyes met Elizabeth 's and she smiled sweetly at him , approving of his participation .
tr	O	She had no idea what she was afraid of , but the prevailing fear was absolute .
tr	O	There ' s been TV coverage , Jagger said .
tr	C	His brother , once again , rode a white horse surrounded by four soldiers on skis and rovers .
tr	O	He refused to show his irritation at the censure he heard in her tone .
tr	C	I thought about how coolly he had influenced me in a London street , to take one recent example .
tr	O	I watched the wound grow fainter for long moments thinking that was wild and totally freaking cool .
tr	C	""" What the hel s - "" The Irons were rushing back into formation , their dads getting them organized ."
tr	O	""" Once we all had different speeches and we still have at home ."
tr	C	He hastily pulled them from their sealed package and slid them onto his hands before composing a black shirt around his neck , protecting the skin there .
tr	O	"It doesn 't hold grudges or keep a record of wrongs "" and other bits and pieces of 1 Corinthians 13 flashed into her mind ."
tr	O	Bent over the bowl , shoving apples and bananas into their mouths , were Cole and Max .
tr	C	It was simple , but by any commoner 's snout , it was a decent dinner dress .
tr	O	""" Why , O why did I ever bring a wretched little hobbit on a treasure hunt ! """
tr	C	There is a good reason I don 't have a contradiction .
tr	O	' It described a demon that craves blood , that encourages suicides so that it can feed . '
tr	C	The doc unlocked the door and looked back to Eliot .
tr	O	She let out a gasp at the feeling of exuberance and wholeness the talisman gave her .
tr	C	Some of the lads picked right steers , which was alright if you were into cheap beer and cheaper women .
tr	C	My aunt and I have just had a dreadful hypocrite .
tr	C	The bodywork suggested every shade of blue imaginable , all valiantly attempting to escalate into one yet none succeeding .
tr	C	Now I 've seen the stuff at his mother 's , I think I 'm starting to think he has suffered a chirp of justice .
tr	C	He could not immediately translate the clicks and warns but quickly grabbed a pencil and scrawled down the sounds as they were spelled out .
tr	C	In short order , they all mounted the passageways and climbed .
tr	O	Why was all this coming back to me in connection with a lousy bunch of lilacs ?
tr	C	When we finally reach my headquarters in the abandoned section of the school I take a seat at the desk of repercussions in front of me .
tr	O	"We also want the database and copies of all human transmissions from now on , in payment for rescuing your sister . """
tr	C	"And I shall destroy you as Christ destroyed Judas once your dedication is past . """
tr	O	""" Selling your filthy underwear to dirty old men isn 't going to keep you going forever ."
tr	O	The shaman told Jefferson a long story about previous pale Indians who once shared their lands , a people with great powers .
tr	O	""" The curfew 's been rung ."
tr	O	""" I hope I don 't get drafted ."
tr	C	A thousand humiliations crossed my mind : There 's the new junior , Miles Halter , recruited to the soccer goal wearing only his boxers .
tr	O	The cafeteria was white and clean -- like the infirmary .
tr	O	The willows along the river bank and the wide cobalt sky overhead were reflected in the flat surface .
tr	C	They had a rigorous screening process , and students from around the world came to try out - having been trained and performing since they could walk .
tr	O	""" I 'm in my third trimester ."
tr	O	""" She trusts you . """
tr	C	Matthew 's brow arched , and he slowly turned around to face his hacker .
tr	C	They try to fit it in with their boldness .
tr	O	"I do not want her in my world and I do not want her associating with my son . """
tr	O	Days out on the road would mean days more exposed to the deadly fallout .
tr	O	She wiped both sleeves over her eyes , ran shaking fingers through her mess of tangles .
tr	C	He slogged up the tent 's carry bag .
tr	O	He 'd congratulated himself for not being physically cruel , but he 'd been as cruel as his father with his words and deeds .
tr	C	The blast is very strong as t ´ s made a rather large wreath on the ground as well .
tr	C	"Just know that it is a term of hibernation . """
tr	O	The implication was clear .
tr	C	By the time Amy and Charlotte finished with the optician , Josephine and Laura were already done with their medical labs .
tr	C	The others cut the ropes from Diego that Cassidy hadn 't finished lecturing .
tr	O	"Let it be called New Zion from this day forward , in homage to the one true God ! """
tr	C	Her quitting was not as strong so the coach took her off the mound and played her at shortstop .
tr	C	We sat in the car , turned on the radio , and pushed various buttons and twisted machinations .
tr	O	""" Including you , "" she guessed ."
tr	C	I took my seat in pleasantries .
tr	C	""" Don 't delude yourself . """
tr	O	When everyone figures out that Christine is haunted , she turns on those headlights and puts the pedal to metal , squashing everyone in her path .
tr	O	They both knew that the look on McCoy 's face was a harbinger of doom .
tr	O	Adding to that image were the swords strapped to their waists .
tr	O	Her tone was so scientific , yet he could feel her body trembling , the little aftershocks still rocking her .
tr	O	The cravings hit hard during the night .
tr	C	Bridget traveled to Jamestown to be closer to her mother and Renny , whom she wanted as her barricade when the time came .
tr	C	Not mine alone , paired with a strong feeling that I was single .
tr	O	Swiftly raising my hand to my nose , I pretend to sneeze .
tr	O	They did not carry or reverberate .
tr	O	We had cornered what we thought was the Source , the original vampire for all of North America .
tr	O	The rest of them scatter in terror ; diving into the bushes , flying away , and running across the grass .
tr	C	He had been raking up volunteers from the two departments because detective Mercer believed they needed to be doing something .
tr	C	Those black eyes held no reproduction , no consciousness that she was a mere servant .
tr	O	She apologised for her bad manners , before hastily leaving the room .
tr	O	The gold thing winked in the torchlight , up and down .
tr	O	Harpies were believed to be ugly monsters that were spawns from Hell itself , or monsters that would bring misfortune , or steal food .
tr	C	You don 't need to manipulate me into obliging your carbon .
tr	C	The latent within breathed evenly .
tr	O	Swimming across the moat and climbing the walls of the Osa house wasn 't much of a task to Chase .
tr	O	"For a beginner . """
tr	C	Mathew , who had been tired of driving and eager to get back into his bed , had been deceived by his brain into speeding .
tr	C	In a flash he was off the road and weaving his way past the sheaf of old iron before tucking himself in behind one of the sheds .
tr	C	Maybe if the beast filled up on her , he 'd be too full to rev up her sister .
tr	C	There were centuries of bodies and hash to eliminate in order to make the dungeons a liveable environment .
tr	O	As he got up , water dribbled off him and onto the ground .
tr	O	""" JJ says Henry just needs to work through this himself . """
tr	C	He knew the jawbone didn 't believe him .
tr	O	The procedures Feldman was coerced into performing , caused irreversible deformities and brain asphyxiation .
tr	O	"It 's called the anamorphic style and creates the impression of a three-dimensional scene . """
tr	C	When my eyes crinkle up to meet his , he 's gazing at me intensely .
tr	C	By the specifics , a boy and girl were going at it .
tr	O	The other girl was white , overweight and suffering from acne .
tr	O	""" What about the lilac muslin over there ? """
tr	C	Some of his apprehension about being a good father unfurled in that moment .
tr	O	She wondered what kind of enchantments she could perform while being tuned into the vortex .
tr	O	The demon is impaled and dies screaming .
tr	C	He looked to the mansion to see that it actually was on fire , with flames sparking out the windows .
tr	C	But Henrietta was in no mood to stare at their faithfulness today .
tr	O	I asked , with forced casualness , trying to bring myself back to reality .
tr	O	He opened the hall closet and took a windbreaker off its hanger and opened his bag and laid it on top .
tr	O	"No ifs , ands , or buts . """
tr	C	"Every time I think about what is being done to us , I can 't help but hate the Elders and the ornament . """
tr	C	I was sure that I 'd spend the rest of my days looking at condos and assorted cutlery but then suddenly and without warning it happened .
tr	O	""" Don 't you recognize your patron God , warmonger ? """
tr	C	""" If this guy is disobeying you through these people , it won 't be long before he comes after you ."
tr	C	""" From everything I know about our illumination and theirs , "" Jordan said , "" there 's no way ."
tr	O	It didn 't change the fact that I wanted her found as if she were going to walk through your ex-wife 's door with me .
tr	O	We need to divert its attention .
tr	C	Francesca nudges Blake carefully .
tr	O	Besides , she wasn 't breeding with the guy .
tr	O	""" Hear now the petition of a servant in your empire ."
tr	C	She had a brief mental image of her face splashed across CNN with the words ' Wanted for insider ' floating underneath .
tr	C	The sun was setting , leaving shades of red and orange in the sky before blackness would shear the sky in just a few minutes .
tr	O	""" Sergeant Major don 't you think they need a few more years under their belts first ?"
tr	O	Every gulp was bitter on his tongue , and did little to quench the desert dryness of his throat .
tr	O	""" I 'm fine , "" Vin said , downing a vial and restoring her metals ."
tr	C	They quickly explained to him the sacrifices they had made to the system they had set up .
tr	O	Turning , he witnessed as Will stripped the pillowcase from his own pillow and stuffed his toy robot inside along with a deck of playing cards .
tr	O	The grin on his face said he 'd been bluffing , but he now knew how accurate he was .
tr	C	The disk spun and the bombers spun on top of it .
tr	C	They stopped just a few feet in front of the toilets .
tr	O	He stopped talking , looking at Talon and gauging for a reaction of some sort .
tr	O	They were going to develop an entire linguistic system that would rip away the centuries of privilege the gods had bestowed upon Jesse 's people .
tr	O	... the pale nakedness of flesh , so stark against a crimson pool of blood , the only sound his own panting .
tr	C	He couldn 't resist the showdown .
tr	O	This seemed so self-evident that for the next fifteen years nobody bothered to try teaching language to an ape .
tr	O	Across the street the jazz band was packing up to make room for the next street performer .
tr	C	Monk came trotting around the blind corner , still in his hospital gown .
tr	O	The man locked eyes with Anakin for just a moment before he sprinted toward the obelisk .
tr	C	"We can play cards , dampness , or just watch the fire from the leather couch . """
tr	O	Maya stiffens , throws her head back and releases a deep eerie howl before disappearing from view .
tr	C	At first , they encouraged my interest because they took it as a sign I wanted to learn how to accrue my own face for personal defence .
tr	O	He polished off the last of his milkshake and noticed that the reporters were all gone .
tr	C	The crib carried the glow of his life force itself .
tr	C	She unfolded the storyline that Leona had printed up for her .
tr	O	Joelle 's mouth and the front of her dress were smeared with plum .
tr	O	' Yes , ' he said , ' they are quite plain : a hobbit 's footprints .
tr	O	"I have to rethink this . """
tr	O	""" So , what 's your style preference ? """
tr	C	It appeared to belong to the oldest , most unpleasant afterlife in the universe .
tr	O	""" Some people accused me of spoiling her , I suppose I did ."
tr	O	I don 't dare remove his blindfold .
tr	C	""" I 'm afraid I 'm on hysteria right now , "" she said ."
tr	O	Stricken to her marrow with fear over the vision he 'd seen in her eyes on the terrible morning she 'd mistakenly believed had been so perfect .
tr	C	Lilly called , streaking after an afternoon of wandering around the jungle .
tr	C	The upholstery of my days are seeing Alec for a few minutes at dinner .
tr	C	The coffeehouse remained behind on the floor .
tr	C	"I can tell the Order 's comin ' out fir ya . """
tr	C	Dante nods , apparently satisfied with my orchard .
tr	C	I just knew I needed to be here to find some tack .
tr	C	""" I have found employment on a prosecutor 's estate . """
tr	O	For years after your departure he worked to undermine me .
tr	O	"Mom had just administered the last half of cherry and was about to mouth "" How was your day , dear ? """
tr	O	He staggered to his feet after deflecting yet another blow and prepared to launch himself directly at his enemy .
tr	O	"They might withhold this information ... while in reality they keep in touch with them ! """
tr	O	""" No , it doesn 't , "" he said with firmness ."
tr	C	Even their genetics has been displaced by tha ... kelp .
tr	O	She brushed at his whiskers , wove her fingers in and out of the coarse hairs .
tr	O	And she made him laugh as no other woman ever had ; she had courage and wisdom and a face that bewitched and beguiled .
tr	O	The child 's face was a ruin of tears and mucus .
tr	O	Alejo , however , had the pained grimace of a man who had just escaped the dentist after a root canal .
tr	C	Then God 's messenger appeared and churn the animal pay homage .
tr	C	Echo could hardly stand all the finesse .
tr	C	I pushed thoughts of movies out of my head and tried to focus on the scenery whizzing past us at incredible feats .
tr	O	He guided the car back on the road again , leading them closer to the long stucco building , surrounded by smaller outbuildings .
tr	C	Thomas covered his eyes and refocused on his sense of hearing until the light lessened enough for him to see .
tr	O	""" All is well now that the laird has married Lady McCabe ."
tr	C	I was expecting an eyepiece or at least a theater of some sort .
tr	C	The immortality had been given to them by Susan , the greatest horsemen they knew .
tr	C	The moment she fell silent , he sneered at her with deceit .
tr	O	Now I don 't think the reader can fully appreciate the near impossibility of the ghoulish plot .
tr	O	"Watching us , "" he accuses me , narrowing his eyes ."
tr	C	"Be sure to clean your office perfectly as he 'll be storing that as well , although he won 't tell you he 's doing that . """
tr	C	No use wasting time on crazy lightness .
tr	O	She flailed her arms in a panic , trying desperately to get them off her .
tr	C	""" He will send a messenger to the Dax , the Dax will give him coin or avenge a favor on him ."
tr	C	I 'm glad we were able to come to a daydream .
tr	O	Kat had stripped Amy of her hospital gown and made sure the girl was sunk deeply into the tub , well coated with the insulating gel .
tr	O	Would her parents take her back again and forgive her for her elopement with the gardener ?
tr	O	""" Bent blades and nicked edges , "" he proclaimed through his clenched teeth ."
tr	O	The bookcases loomed overhead , but our eyes were drawn to the man resting in the sunlight .
tr	O	he said with a healthy dose of skepticism .
tr	O	""" These peasants , they will forget your passing ."
tr	C	""" Probably , but it will be a case of loosening the particular records and understanding exactly what has been recorded ."
tr	O	It was a very old part of the brain , in terms of evolution .
tr	C	The FBI thought they had a serial flirtation , if not a serial killer , on their hands .
tr	C	The tears Kylie had stopped fuming filled Holiday 's eyes .
tr	O	The volunteers and oldies had all been elated and everyone signed up to ride the new bus .
tr	O	""" But he works for the consortium ? """
tr	C	Then it had relayed the dog 's sides and sliced open its abdomen , releasing the intestines , but hadn 't taken a single bite .
tr	C	Clay had no complaints about the gym time , it provided refreshment for the cake .
tr	O	"They 'd relegated him to the "" crazy camp "" along with those who talked of ancient astronauts , Atlantis , and the lost kingdom of Mu ."
tr	O	We were paired up and fought with mock swords and wicker shields .
tr	O	"Our fleet of ships was confiscated and our wealth was reacquired . """
tr	C	She was truly afraid that if her mother was sent to the state care facility , she 'd quickly wriggle away to nothing .
tr	O	Two feet above his head , he found himself staring at the haft of a dagger .
tr	O	I just hope we can achieve the platform for you to implement it .
tr	O	He grins , tosses a greasy rag onto the ground , and pinches my ass .
tr	O	It wasn 't without its flaws , but it was as good as it could get on such a tight timetable .
tr	C	Gray and brown lenses stuck up from the ground all around it .
tr	C	""" You , James , are the perfect example of one of the sciences I was referring to , "" the Professor continued ."
tr	C	It snaked down around my hands and a moment later the Revolution came tumbling down and clattered on the stone flags .
tr	C	"Just , the sealed case , the mysterious suitor , seems a little bit like -- "" "" -- a MacGuffin ? """
tr	O	He was courting me at that moment .
tr	O	""" Shoot the bastard ."
tr	O	""" We 've lost all pressure to the rear rotors ! """
tr	O	Realizing the thermometer had already beeped , I pulled it out of her ear , looking at the results .
tr	O	Just two years , and I 'll have Christmas and summers off .
tr	C	She scoped out and headed briskly inside , forcing Markman to trot to catch up .
tr	O	The leg still hurt , but at least he didn 't need the crutch today .
tr	O	The magnitude of our words hung heavy in the air .
tr	C	Leaving William 's side for a moment , he walked to the adjoining mosque and washed his hands with warm water and soap .
tr	C	Having thoroughly researched the pair , and their lifestyle , he 'd devised a plan that would ensure the duo remained mobile and ready to act .
tr	C	"Blue , who had her thumb and forefinger pressed against the glass as if she was demonstrating something , answered , "" There ."
tr	O	She pouted as she lurched to her feet and rubbed her butt while grimacing .
tr	C	He wanted to disobey her distress , if possible , by finding out if the Coleman family had survived this past week .
tr	C	""" Five one and shockwaves . """
tr	C	He can 't get over someone just coming in here and launching an employee .
tr	O	"I threw your stuff around to make you feel that there was a break-in . """
tr	C	Scientists say that the game fish population is grumbling underneath the layer of dead carp .
tr	O	Gabe stood at the rail of the inn 's broad front porch and watched the taillights of Lillian 's car disappear down the drive .
tr	C	She understood the joy he was talking about , but it was always veiled by the guilt she felt stealing moments that weren 't hers .
tr	O	The Gardner thieves stole twelve priceless paintings and sketches from the museum , valued at millions of dollars .
tr	O	How could love demand so many sacrifices and survive ?
tr	C	None trusted each other and for years the darkness intruded .
tr	O	The backyard was landscaped in much the same way as its more evident counterpart at the house 's front .
tr	C	She was too immersed in her own worries for that , but she accepted the statistics .
tr	C	But there are other orphans .
tr	O	One officer held up a megaphone .
tr	O	"Match it , imitate it , until you 're of one mind . """
tr	C	And even that was ineffective because the revolt was too warped and the door wouldn 't slam , only crunch into its frame .
tr	C	If he was telling her the truth , if she meant nothing to him , why did he look tormented by his own scores ?
tr	O	Marlee listened straight-faced as Fitch unraveled the story .
tr	O	My eyes widened in horror at the site as I watched a recap of what I couldn 't see , only heard .
tr	C	"Then he spits out , eyes watering , "" Whatever you want . """
tr	C	' Are you new in this confinement , Nourishing ? '
tr	C	There were few other boaters on the lake at this late hour and Hector wasted no time linking the boat around Tubbs Hill at a good clip .
tr	O	His laid back attitude irritates me but I try not to show it .
tr	C	I said as turned around to ask the two observers what was going on but saw nothing .
tr	C	A small puddle of debauchery had formed on his pillow , and Liza felt her heart soar .
tr	O	Surprises I 'd had the foresight to ask him about previously .
tr	O	How would all of the old Gene get channeled into the new ?
tr	O	She rummaged around for a moment before diving right through the ground and into the gravesite , leaving her step-father waiting worriedly behind her .
tr	O	All Biff had to do was intercept a cargo and add extra cartons containing arms .
tr	O	Looking closer , she could see that it had been engraved -- only what did it say ... ?
tr	C	Let someone else deal with the absent man and come back and guard the mess hut corporal .
tr	O	Not the folly of entanglements or the drama of indecision .
tr	C	""" I 'll have your things deteriorated and returned to your room . """
tr	O	I 'm being singled out ?
tr	O	The pedestal disappeared behind him .
tr	O	"I - "" There was a soft scuff at the door ."
tr	O	"I have to look into the thingy while I 'm on the scale . """
tr	C	Here and there they found enough to get by in a garbage can at a deserted cathedral or a water pump that was still functioning .
tr	C	After he 'd rolled the rope back into a waterproof we gently lifted Don to his feet .
tr	C	I shuffled through the kitchen to the white door and glimpsed through the centipede hole .
tr	O	""" I as in imbecile , "" he told the cat ."
tr	C	Soon these burning hotness will be extinct .
tr	O	He saw his wife trudging down the steps and glare at him almost with detest .
tr	C	The position allowed the artist to paint the baby 's back -- and a small pebble on his shoulder .
tr	O	"I 'll undertake this for you , but I 'll need proof . """
tr	C	The other companies , that didn 't have new technologies that didn 't know how to stand in formation , had arrived earlier .
tr	O	You hafta ask Him if you want to ﬁnd out .
tr	C	He begs to the floor in a heap .
tr	O	It ´ s as if the streets had arterial veins and power was seeping through its bloodstream .
tr	O	They struck the turrets and buildings and triggered greater chaos .
tr	C	Students learned it was a lot like lime , except it was right before recess .
tr	O	A kind of etiquette .
tr	C	Blaze is clutching at his chest as he extends several deep breaths .
tr	O	"I wonder ; this battlefield obsession with all human actions has been the most corrupting influence on the idea of karma . """
tr	O	The fierceness of my kiss seemed to startle him , but Owen 's arms snaked around me , pulling me even closer .
tr	O	She tries to reach out for his hand but fails , coughing rapidly , a larger pool of blood spilling out of her mouth .
tr	O	Perhaps he had presumed too much .
tr	C	He shouted over the damsel .
tr	O	A fugitive , scared for his life , unable to show his face in the society with which he was familiar .
tr	C	You sent your loyalties to challenge my brother while you attack this one that he has laid claim to .
tr	C	A moment of silence shrouded the room .
tr	C	""" You 're a little shard of sunshine tonight , aren 't you ? """
tr	O	I stared at the wildflowers .
tr	O	""" They look like they 've gone through a meat grinder . """
tr	O	I chewed my eraser , thinking .
tr	O	Ilona was glad when the transaction was done and she could get out of the shop into the bright December sunshine .
tr	C	When she teetered , she saw Derek now stood inches from the lion .
tr	C	Due to the sash of the demonic blood I carried , I knew I didn 't have a pure soul .
tr	O	""" Hey look , "" whispered Dirk , interrupting my thoughts , and effectively reminding me that I did not undertake this journey all by myself ."
tr	O	The moderator of the meeting began speaking after she finished , and after asking for any special anniversaries , he asked about newbies .
tr	C	"And anymore outbreaks from any of you will result in flaws even more severe . """
tr	C	""" My body was wracked with judgments for years ."
tr	C	At that , I smacked the ' call ' button on the walkie-talkie and it sent out a griddle to all the others connected to the network .
tr	O	""" I am the regent ."
tr	O	You turn up later and won 't go away , so he legs it upstairs and ' discovers ' the body .
tr	O	"Once you 're back , I 'll give him a rookie to train as his new partner . """
tr	O	"Lucien looked back at Leah , who 'd bugged out her eyes comically wide and was shaking her head in a subtle "" no "" ."
tr	O	Long , glossy , blonde hair fell below her shoulders , hanging in the type of ringlets you would expect to see on a young girl .
tr	O	He didn 't have the same kind of charger hers had .
tr	C	"' Jus ' keep talkin , Gene , I 'm gon na have me another pilgrim . "" '"
tr	C	"But if any rabbits dressed all in black try to enter the complex tonight , just kill them . """
tr	O	And , Playing an awesome prank on L this afternoon .
tr	C	She chooses the title .
tr	O	Tomorrow I would do what was necessary to enforce a routine on my life and bring back order .
tr	O	She stares out the window reaching for him in the recesses of her memory .
tr	O	From their safe , tidy cubicles , several people gape at me .
tr	O	""" For the time being , "" Wil consented ."
tr	O	The great panels were buckling .
tr	C	Now she stood there like some distorted goddess of piercing , or the hideous symbolism of every piercer 's nightmare .
tr	C	I pushed at him as he moistened his way beside me .
tr	O	I eased up to the side of the mausoleum and looked out over the lawn .
tr	C	You and I are part of something that will subdue us , something so big we cannot possibly see where it 's headed .
tr	O	He shrugged his shoulders , but when I said I was looking for the hedgehog guy he pointed me down one of the hallways to room 12 .
tr	C	They tended to be the most conservative , and might be utilized to switch sides .
tr	C	We want to be able to choose our households .
tr	C	Especially now that they 'd cleared the air after their motel room makeover and could actually talk without biting each other 's heads off .
tr	O	I remembered what he 'd said last night about knowing those he recruited .
tr	O	Flying under the radar took time , Marlo often stopped to refuel or lie low for a few hours .
tr	C	Bri stroked the silky soft body of the beverage thoughtfully .
tr	O	""" Is your mind burdened , my Iseo ? """
tr	O	She wouldn 't have pegged them as L.A. people .
tr	C	We push our way down to the cone , which is a little quieter , flanked by ocean on one side instead of people .
tr	O	The mutilated spider , advancing itself haltingly on its surviving legs ; he picked it up and held it in the palm of his hand .
tr	O	My success in my academics didn 't stop with just the high reading group .
tr	C	""" I read several articles recently about charges of environmental messiah in different parts of the country ."
tr	O	It only took a second for the images and feelings to fil my mind .
tr	O	She turned her body to face the deer again , which had migrated back into the woods .
tr	O	I wasn 't even hurt to any appreciable extent ; bruises and scrapes only .
tr	O	Maybe things weren 't going to be all that different here at the Colorado academy after all .
tr	O	What really turned heads and increased chatter across the cables though was the lifting of the Heights of Buildings Act of 1910 .
tr	C	She had to get this one finished and submitted to her editor before the drugstore , which was fast approaching .
tr	O	Well , anything but the chain , as Myst and Regin could attest to after one scary experiment that nearly made Myst a good deal shorter .
tr	O	Everything was silent for maybe ten seconds following , until the shadowy creature came violently crashing into my left arm , knocking it out of its socket .
tr	C	Using his inbred fairy skills to draw people to admire him was an ego thing with Claude , which had little to do with grudges .
tr	O	The tent was made of hide and propped with branches staked into the ground .
tr	C	The first moment I saw him , the night people chanted over each other to step out of his way , I was frightened .
tr	C	She planted her fists on the bed and disobeyed her body into him .
tr	O	""" Is that an ultimatum ? """
tr	O	""" Each of those transactions involved another holding company , and in each case , that firm was also owned by Ortega ."
tr	O	He also expanded the Los Angeles class nuclear submarines to a fleet of 146 .
tr	C	This one last battle was keeping the pace in her stethoscope up .
tr	C	Their proximity to the embodiment of the city was no coincidence .
tr	C	Abdul was working overtime on pressing acceptable replacements .
tr	C	""" It 's only a few blocks to the waterway , and I. . ."
tr	O	I said in an effort to end the qualm so that we could get the day started .
tr	O	Don 't be a wuss .
tr	C	Suddenly the meeting had turned from an amplifier of Anthony 's police state to a single-minded focus on bringing an abomination into the world .
tr	O	"Any adrenaline spike set it off , even small ones that wouldn 't necessarily have triggered my Collar . """
tr	C	He felt that question would take a lifetime with an occurrence to unpick .
tr	O	I digested that for a minute while they stayed silent , letting me think .
tr	O	Maybe they have a threesome going with Miss Queenie as well ! '
tr	C	If Miriam had her way Dreamer would leave with her , and stay with her at her norm .
tr	O	"Most people seem to enjoy things like birthdays and gifts . """
tr	C	The spikes made a sickening splintering sound as they turned the thing 's head to mush .
tr	C	"You have someone fueling the chicks ? """
tr	C	"You take out an immortal because you 've fought them , used the old diaries , earned the right . """
tr	O	In fact , as ya saw tonight , He 's bein ' awful good to us .
tr	C	He understood that it was often difficult for same-sex couples to rein , which was why she was trying to do it as a single person instead .
tr	O	Besides , her mother hated his kind and everything they stood for , which would not lead to very joyous family reunions .
tr	C	He tugged at the ends of his jacket sleeves , trying to straighten out the material : he yielded looking scruffy .
tr	O	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	O	Shelves and ornate tables housed trinkets of every variety , rugs splitting the room in to sections rather than walls .
tr	O	He 'd gone to the Dragon school of warfare , I decided , as he came after me as fast as he could .
tr	C	Looking back along the train , Matthew could see the creatures scampering about the end of the car .
tr	C	These Assassins , though they meant to kill him , had been discharged into doing it .
tr	O	It had snowed the night before and had laid an even thicker blanket for us to trudge through .
tr	C	Maybe it 's somebody dangerous , and they don 't want to risk a tack in space .
tr	O	For a brief second , Carmine blanched in fear , but there was no hesitance in his steps .
tr	O	Duncan , who had just re-entered the room in his costume , hid behind the door .
tr	C	There was even an embossed shield rimmed with brass and a light sword with an ornate hilt and ownership .
tr	O	Most of the computer geeks I 'd met in my life looked like the class nerd .
tr	O	Without further deliberation he sprinted towards the pounding surf .
tr	O	Her friends were still barely conscious , but just being near them felt good , nourishing a part of her that had been dormant for months .
tr	C	""" We need to do our human testing , don 't want to have any more deliveries by waiting for vaccination of a test subject ."
tr	O	"Do not tell me you are a blacksmith ? """
tr	O	She moaned at his endearment , the most beautiful creature , squeezed eyes that leaked again .
tr	C	Mac is Unix with a pretty face , and he had some frustrations that took advantage of this to make it more secure .
tr	O	He still had the swagger of the military pilot he used to be .
tr	C	His face was a mess of blood , tyranny , and tears , a primal mask through which he 'd lost all dignity .
tr	O	They treated me like something in their way , like a coffee table that skinned your shin or a rolled up rug that tripped you .
tr	O	"I hope you like salmon . """
tr	C	"But I shall not apologize for admiring beauty , "" the cult leader replied ."
tr	O	The only young men sitting here were the ones who wanted to sap from his power and renown .
tr	O	It increased as the thumps followed a footstep pattern , as if someone was walking across the room and to the hallway .
tr	C	He was too pensive in David 's opinion , dazed as if he had been submerged .
tr	O	Holding it up between us , the Source flared in his hand , obliterating the fragile piece of electronics .
tr	C	"She plotted no fear , only endurable disappointment , "" They want to make me a communal slave so they can take turns with me . """
tr	O	"I can 't just weasel out of it . """
tr	O	Eileen was Generation X and highly experienced with text messaging , social websites and any other technology wonder of the 21st century .
tr	C	""" I 'd like you to confirm my opponents first , before we talk any further ."
tr	O	He grabs the back of the chair and drags it away to the corner .
tr	O	""" Fish , for you , Sir ."
tr	O	Suzi explained that this fitting was for his external space suit , which would fit over the exoskeleton .
tr	C	""" I see your point , but you should know that my brother begs a lot more than himself when making decisions ."
tr	O	I should have to meditate again .
tr	C	As long as they pledged his warning .
tr	O	She looked up at him and her euphoria faded a little .
tr	O	Why on earth would you go to the junkyard ?
tr	C	Milton 's loyalties ran past Joan .
tr	O	' Italian ; only four octaves but impressive breadth of sound . '
tr	O	"I think Chris was recording it in the other room for posterity . """
tr	C	Some areas of the Topside might be condemned to us .
tr	O	He protested with a groan , then diverted his mouth to my neck , where he trailed a line of kisses from ear to collarbone .
tr	O	They interrogated them one by one too .
tr	C	As a group we shouted a speck of curses and cries of shock , and I propelled forward , putting myself between Jake and Lowe .
tr	C	That Sunday morning , she sat in the living room of her apartment , and waited for Laurent to bring in their bunks .
tr	O	She even managed to be on leadership and do cheerleading .
tr	O	"You simply are not powerful enough to help change the course of battle fighting head-on like that . """
tr	C	""" As a matter of fact ; a friend gave me some youngsters to look up ."
tr	C	""" Can you rig a guess as to when this was written , Herb ? """
tr	C	I extract the tank , which I can do when we get out through the window .
tr	C	Her gaze skimmed to the lines someone had asserted .
tr	O	Life began to return to the trees and flowers in the groves .
tr	C	"Her hacking motions for her to continue , so she says , "" This is obviously a very emotional topic for everyone involved with this debilitating disease ."
tr	C	We showed no mercy as we hacked the walls , killing every vampire who didn 't belong to our hastily assembled army .
tr	O	"I admonished him , "" That 's no way of talking about the gods ."
tr	O	Clothes she had mended time and time again .
tr	O	Chandler growled low in his throat as he grabbed her hip , stilling her movements .
tr	C	He suggested that the ship was smuggling drugs into San Francisco Bay each week , and this was why she left her resolution so frequently .
tr	C	""" Now , while everyone 's rushing to vouch . """
tr	C	The only true fact that wouldn 't be well known was the musician angle , a crime Dan had encountered first hand .
tr	O	It 's worse than nails on a chalkboard .
tr	O	The man stands and pours the rest of his tea into the sink .
tr	C	The numerous , body length windows magnified the sun and rekindled their best efforts .
tr	O	Four enemies had landed ahead of her , possibly before she 'd even finished the snare , and had come back to find their quarry .
tr	C	He and Hermann placed the mannequin in the wagon under a fuchsia .
tr	O	32 THE BOY One by one , Hanna and the others climbed through the hedges .
tr	C	We are always short of goods up here in the phenomena .
tr	C	When the time comes to change your password you must engage whatever cognitive function you can muster and untie the information you 've chosen to use .
tr	O	He reached into one of the baskets and pulled out a roll that he threw to the bandit .
tr	O	Silken shrugged then plopped down on the locker room bench and began to untie her sneakers .
tr	C	Everyone else -- the brothers , Richard , Tara , and Alaina -- had gone off into town to do some drinking and cackling .
tr	O	I thought he might still protest , but at last , he yielded .
tr	O	He removes his arms and I felt him tugging at the strings of my bikini .
tr	C	We were progressing into dangerous territory .
tr	C	Also , the Tanks aren 't labelled and that gives me anxiety .
tr	O	Her breathing seemed irregular and shallow .
tr	O	This was all a plan to capture the Falcon for his misdeeds throughout the years .
tr	C	He pauses , then his voice takes on a grumbling tone .
tr	C	""" I hear they 're a swimmer . """
tr	C	His eyes fell upon a sheathed broadsword hanging from the back of a nearby chair and he cajoled .
tr	O	"It was going to be demolished so we brought it here . """
tr	C	May 19 - The probe , Oklahoma Miguel told us the whole story over breakfast this morning .
tr	O	His apartment was in one of those complexes with twenty buildings , all the same , that had sprung up along the interstate .
tr	C	Then , an elf waitress greeted them with a smile on her face and gave pointers to both of them .
tr	O	"Maybe they thought they 'd deter us . """
tr	C	She could tell , even under his clothes , that he was muscular , but not so bulky that it lengthened his movements .
tr	C	Maggie was vaguely aware of the Mediterranean sun caressing her bare arms and legs , and of her cotton fibers pulled high across her thighs .
tr	O	He pocketed the key .
tr	O	Nolan did the same , grimacing at the taste .
tr	O	"Separately , neither fire can penetrate our hexes , but when they join their fire together , the sun itself would be hewn in two . """
tr	C	"You know this as well as I. Your grief has brought you to the point of comprehension . """
tr	C	Harriet nodded , and willed her hands not to shake as she lifted the heavy freight .
tr	O	They 're quite a bit larger than deer , and they have horns instead of antlers .
tr	O	You have her doubting her own family .
tr	C	The few days remaining in the week before the cult passed swiftly .
tr	C	The days of the Herald and this editor were veiled .
tr	C	""" When I see evidence of farmland , I want to talk to a witch . """
tr	C	The Death of Rats could hear the distant mewling of the terriers .
tr	C	"You have an RV , "" she told him with a nod to the child ."
tr	C	That Fae appeared in the trees while I was home grilling steaks .
tr	O	"I chose you , "" she reveals as a sudden rush of green light and swirling wind surrounds her ."
tr	O	Just before dark the real quake hit .
tr	C	Sarah pulled on her peasant skirt , then hastily slipped her arms into the jacket .
tr	C	How many times I have had it shrunk into me ?
tr	O	In the locker room , everybody was talking and goofing off , the mood light and full of hope .
tr	C	""" Several of the guys you tested with had the same bacteria , missing the same questions ."
tr	C	Charlie moved the dean of people trying to get in aside so we could pass .
tr	C	""" Drugs , "" she drawled ."
tr	O	""" A Nephilim I found in the crypt ."
tr	O	Grateful that she just missed the guard and his dog , she hastily deactivated the alarms at the window and opened it .
tr	O	Then I hear something topple and the door flies open , landing with a flat smack against the floor .
tr	C	For the love of -- That was so -- Okay , I 'm imploring .
tr	C	They sat as five figures around a fire a distance from the cave and shared a drink of decency to their ill purposes .
tr	C	I solidified out of the truck and slammed the door for good measure .
tr	O	One step closer ... For the next hour , a ring of vampires circled Lewis 's corrupting body , watching the violent spasms and shivers with interest .
tr	C	""" It means nothing at all , "" he negotiated ."
tr	O	He saw the glowing tips of their cigarettes moving toward him like hopping fireflies .
tr	C	Dents continued to extract from the door , one every four or five seconds .
tr	C	She felt her knees vomiting and worried she 'd fall but he held her in place with his strong hands and an even stronger will .
tr	C	If there was a damsel in the system it would have been found already .
tr	C	He built farms in haste , mere stalling tactics to give him the time he needed to drive the poison from Destiny 's body .
tr	O	When I see Leora get up and leave the pavilion , I follow her .
tr	O	After he was gone , she sank down onto the bed and picked up her sketchbook .
tr	O	Now it was coming out in gusts , growing stronger and stronger !
tr	O	Being a prisoner in the Colonies was not a comfortable circumstance .
tr	C	Huge populations of seaweed floated on the surface .
tr	O	Chaz knew the cipher , the way to open the seal around it .
tr	O	Ike took a brief second to look around the vast room , and then shook off his wonderment .
tr	O	Drain and reserve the juice of the raspberries .
tr	O	He looked down and found it was the translator he had bought for his mom .
tr	O	""" I cycled back through all the four messages twice , using different lighting schemes ."
tr	C	He looks just like someone 's stopped grandfather who has never gone in for a slew .
tr	O	She 'd thrust her feet into her boots without lacing them .
tr	O	"How they survive the winters up there is beyond me . """
tr	O	The birds , insects and rodents were there too .
tr	C	She shook her head , and admonished herself for acting and feeling like a young woman .
tr	O	Keeping the hose aimed at the kennel , I looked over my shoulder to find Vince and the twins ambling towards me .
tr	C	I felt my shoulders convulsing , the tension evaporating , calm flowing through me .
tr	O	"Twenty-seven years old , gel in his black hair and already recipient of three "" Journalist of the Year "" awards ."
tr	C	Behind the appliances were twenty or thirty pickups and trailers , surrounded by their owners .
tr	O	""" But don 't discount that feeling , especially in a combat situation ."
tr	C	I think I can go on with this line of accuracy .
tr	O	He was beautiful , too , she thought , from his finely chiseled lips and patrician nose to his fine straight brows and sculpted jaw .
tr	C	"I prefer to have a stirrup . """
tr	O	They 're a worthy quest for any outdoorsman , even armed with the newest firearms , philosophies , and gadgets advertised in the outdoors catalogs .
tr	C	And in his face the blankness of specifics .
tr	C	The components of pink , orange , and green made me think of a new painting .
tr	C	' I 'm too proud to beg , ' she refocused , ' and life 's too short to go scraping after lost causes .
tr	C	Extract works more slowly than succumbing .
tr	O	Clay and Oscar ran from his office into the hallway where the security guard was scuffling with a very disturbed gentleman .
tr	O	It was newer than Pa 's Colt and had a pearl handle .
tr	O	She was standing in the middle of the field , in a big square that had been roped off for some reason .
tr	O	Someone is pulling at Serena 's fins .
tr	O	Natalie cleared her throat , guilt for the continued interruptions to his privacy began to rankle at her .
tr	C	Luca is curt now as he appraised one of his cufflinks .
tr	O	She dropped to her knees and held her arms out for the pig , and it dove into her embrace , snuffling and rubbing against her .
tr	C	The sitting President was not one to tolerate laziness and he had his hands full .
tr	O	She stared , mesmerised by the identical shopping lists and the weight of all they contained .
tr	C	""" The bracelets are rough , we might be looking at a storm . """
tr	C	This was good for the slashes , since it gave them the advantage .
tr	C	The lack of sight , the imprint of sound , made my nerves jump beneath my skin .
tr	C	He clubbed her as he stared into those beautiful eyes that the camera caught .
tr	O	""" We 've been observing it ever since the steward led us here , as you ordered ."
tr	O	""" Primarily used to treat schizophrenia ."
tr	C	""" Scorched runny gruel , what 's not to like ? """
tr	C	As her speed increases , more wing can be used until they are fully extended at four feet for landing .
tr	O	But I am not one of you - for you have sworn your allegiance to me , and to my cause .
tr	C	His cell phone begins to ring , and Dad rips it from his pocket .
tr	O	Vin frowned , eying the others in the room .
tr	O	They hit the ground with a bump and tinkle of loosened ice chips .
tr	C	If it was indeed a disease , it would happen until he stood beside her burning wick .
tr	O	Rico handled the techno stuff , and between us she and I could get to the bottom of most anything .
tr	C	""" I would have started going on hunts with the adults if it weren 't that I had to leave on my thesis . """
tr	C	On the other side of the road was a verse on a post and a rough dirt driveway .
tr	O	"Bia lifted her chin and said , "" An immediate cessation of hostilities against any and all Pact members and withdrawal from their lands . """
tr	C	She didn 't get the residue from him that she did from Kenneth .
tr	C	She 's married , in fact , to a land dispute in Essex .
tr	C	""" The captain put me in charge , and the clockmaker gave me full authority . """
tr	O	""" I can 't shirk my duties to you , as your dom ."
tr	C	And also , after she had levelled her anger at him last night .
tr	O	Gerry tried to sound like her more usually resilient self , but she spluttered and mumbled over her words .
tr	O	The view from the heights of the chateau 's uppermost windows was fabulous .
tr	C	""" Look , I appreciate your attention and I 'm very flattered by your mishap , "" she began ."
tr	O	Other moons could be seen among the stars .
tr	C	Emily looked around the laundry room with its chicken baskets , old sweatshirts on hooks , and jugs of melodrama .
tr	O	But this deviation from my own body 's norm was proof that my body was changing , that time was passing .
tr	C	Because the whole rant about vampires not being able to see their reflections was totally bullshit .
tr	C	""" More gorillas , "" Spider said , "" Think maybe this guy was a magician or something ? """
tr	O	' My boy , I sincerely hope you will not be the one to execute other measures , ' he warned .
tr	C	"Then he looked at Kenny and added , "" And yours too , parasol . """
tr	C	As equals a murder investigation , there didn 't seem to be anything helpful .
tr	O	Raven forced herself to remain calm , to push aside the cobwebs clogging her mind .
tr	O	He just sat there , silently mouthing the word .
tr	O	I love Vel , but I 'm not positive where my limits lie , and at this juncture , I 'm not free to find out .
tr	O	Your head will be my prize and your wife 's screams will lull me to sleep at night .
tr	C	To my left a Warden blocked the door to the living room , where the soft cries of the slithers could be heard .
tr	O	He liked to sit atop his mushroom with a hookah and smoke various spices .
tr	O	"Why do you think cloaks were invented ? """
tr	C	If she yields our secrets , are you prepared to destroy her ?
tr	C	"You wouldn 't have a moment 's peace , and what 's left of your reputation would be in imitation . """
tr	C	I wonder how he has time to hear them all or if they whisk around him until he 's overwhelmed .
tr	C	Given the appalling quality of service I have had to endure , I believe some form of diplomacy is in order .
tr	C	He looked first at his manipulation , then into the eyes of his ma .
tr	O	I ground my teeth , set my jaw , firmed my resolve .
tr	C	A disgusting chore of technology . '
tr	C	His hand jerked as he weaved his glass .
tr	C	She glanced around at the new facility with its floor to ceiling windows , expensive stair treads , treadmills , and other torture equipment .
tr	O	Evie 's heart sank when the door opened and Mrs Roman walked in with their starters .
tr	C	""" Thank you , "" I responded courteously before slithering into one of them and pulling out my camera ."
tr	O	There were humans on the fringes , waiting and watching with barely concealed contempt .
tr	C	This would not do for Cully , who shuffled toward the vanishing engineer and sustained him .
tr	O	Lifting his eyes , he looked up into the purple blossoms of the trees .
tr	C	If I ever have my own interpretation , that 's what I 'll do .
tr	C	""" Ah 'll be makin ' when yer ready teh leave , lad , "" he murmured , somberly ."
tr	O	Instead of her usual lacy blouses and dark skirts , she wore a deep purple ball gown and black satin gloves that came up to her elbows .
tr	C	The Christians would not risk their payoff , he told himself , but something still felt wrong .
tr	C	He stared at it for a moment , dumbfounded , and then the blood started plucking .
tr	C	Some of these decedents knew of their power , but none knew where it stank .
tr	O	He dished some of the powder out onto the table and inhaled a bunch of it , breathing in line after line , carelessly , recklessly .
tr	O	The man who recruited me wore a uniform , and both Milly and Bernadette were afraid of him .
tr	C	He looked like a good swimmer , too , like he actually enjoyed a bit of foreplay rather than just diving right into dessert .
tr	C	On the other side of it is something that looks like the corner of a washer , and the words : One penny .
tr	O	He turned so she could see his left arm , the detailed etching of the band encircling his bicep .
tr	O	"The ability to look beyond her personal self-interests drowned in a pool of stale booze , a common symptom of alcoholism . """
tr	C	Gary had noticed police patrol cars jamming the area often and wondered if it was a courtesy to their tour guide .
tr	C	I think you 'll find what we and the eight other prep houses participate in is anything but rant , Lord Karak .
tr	C	My protection does not extend into my uncle Zeus 's domain , so you 'll have to take special exceptions .
tr	O	""" I expect you or your father must have worried about losing part of the marsh as the bank has been washing away . """
tr	O	Michelle was desperate to keep it from the rest of the banquet , she knew what it might mean to them .
tr	C	Science and its alleys is truly open and international .
tr	O	A hiker found her and then when no one came to claim her , she kept her .
tr	O	An intelligent voice , somewhat thickened .
tr	C	Somehow , I don 't think my usual tactic of cribbing from Wikipedia and the natives of Google will cut it with this crowd .
tr	C	A few more blows and the log splintered into two nearly equal distances .
tr	C	Or so the ape thought .
tr	O	""" I like a girl who enjoys her food ."
tr	C	""" It makes sense if you think about it from a practical joker , "" said Brazen ."
tr	O	I take a final look at Master Cronus 's Legacy , it is magnificent , but not for me .
tr	C	~ ~ ~ > < ~ ~ ~ Everything was going fine until the Mannings actually got into the lower regions of the planet 's atmosphere .
tr	C	""" I 'm just burning a few neurons ."
tr	C	Raquel appeared in the doorway , along with a couple of the other students , all in various stages of stamina for class .
tr	O	She pulled open a slat from the blinds and peered outside .
tr	C	The more time I spent reaching out , the more I began to actually resemble what I was feeling out there .
tr	C	She moved into the sunshine to infiltrate the goose bumps away .
tr	O	It didn 't mean I wanted to talk about my meetings with Dr. Freedman , our family psychologist .
tr	O	Now I was in my late thirties with the ability to talk nuns out of their panties .
tr	C	Most people had the same decency to the dark side of depression .
tr	C	He placed a chair close enough for her to ensue , but far enough away so that he wouldn 't keep brushing against her .
tr	O	They think they 'd get too much hassle if they started wandering about the prison .
tr	C	"He pressed a kiss to her cheek , and then started across the kitchen , fondling her , "" It 'll heal . """
tr	O	"The roots and hairs and slime ... it all came from the tree and - "" "" But that doesn 't prove it , does it ?"
tr	C	""" Just our fates trying to break in and steal fudge , "" Trevor said ."
tr	O	Doing the right thing ... Yes , she had a strong sense of rightness , Sally Maguire .
tr	C	""" We should frame this as a canteen ! """
tr	C	Learning to disguise her antics had been a necessity .
tr	C	What they lacked in combat dehydration , they made up in other skills .
tr	O	I thought it was better to let them think I smuggled it out and go back later and get it .
tr	O	It was only when he stopped his plundering kisses that it crashed into her awareness , that it made sense .
tr	C	He defends the choke and shortages , rolling Michael into his guard .
tr	O	I notice a sapphire ring when she extends her hand for me to shake .
tr	O	""" It 's above my clearance level , I 'm afraid . """
tr	O	Bad people were running this arcade .
tr	C	I hoped that he didn 't sense the removal from my voice .
tr	C	' This door leads to the household hounds .
tr	C	Bless me , Father , for I have obtained .
tr	C	"How long do you think it will take your parents to win enough money to pay off your dad 's affections ? """
tr	C	She was intelligent and dwindled at reading the Old Chronicles and rewriting them .
tr	C	It cooled my desire as quickly as cold water dwindled a fire .
tr	O	We have to get it off the premises .
tr	O	The first two blades to come sweeping at him were shattered entirely in fountains of white and green sparks .
tr	O	My plan to find a flaw in him was failing miserably .
tr	C	But no one would ever be able to gloat or create an aura so intense .
tr	C	She wrapped them up in front of her chest , reluctant to part with her grandchild .
tr	C	After the upheaval of the last hour , her emotions were unloading at the speed of her chaotic thoughts , without brakes .
tr	C	Working as a team , they 'd built the lodge into one of the most popular tourist guides in the state .
tr	O	Even so , she had her late husband 's flintlock pistol which she knew how to prime , load and shoot like a militia captain .
tr	O	Kylie pressed a hand to her left temple to assuage the ache and tried to think how to explain it .
tr	O	She hurried to the cashier , taking out cash quickly as the employee rung up the item .
tr	O	To swear with precision and relish and watch him flinch as the truth struck him like pellets of ice .
tr	C	The next moment , he was scolding her out the room into the passage beyond .
tr	C	"Did you disobey another war soon ? """
tr	C	It had another mouth on the lower half of its face as well , fanged with dripping passageways .
tr	O	Was it possible he was even better looking close-up ?
tr	O	It is because our cells become specialized and only reproduce cells to replace themselves .
tr	O	It was lit up beautifully with golden , paper lanterns .
tr	C	It conditioned us in like animals .
tr	C	The screwdriver hit the floor with a loud gurgle .
tr	O	You will either accede to my requirements or face every demon the Mortal Sword can summon .
tr	O	I reached with my left hand to get the salt shaker .
tr	C	Talk of the Town was a cozy boutique off Michigan Avenue that rented haute couture fashion and monkeys to women who needed to rent high society .
tr	C	The ripples of Renton 's rebirth had found their way around the Three Rivers force very quickly and it provoked Gregory Watson to call his friend .
tr	O	That wasn 't personal , and in a way it required him to retain his control .
tr	C	""" You think I 'm gon na hex on you , honey ?"
tr	C	The décor displayed the inside curves of what he decided were the world 's most perfect breasts .
tr	C	He started to ram the room with the flashlight .
tr	O	People who beat or molested their children .
tr	C	Julio could not tell if he was walking or grumbling over to where she was .
tr	O	"He just thought it should be a knight standing there instead , "" he expresses , beginning to think he is insinuating too much ."
tr	O	""" Yes , the vibrations were there tonight ."
tr	C	Bill and Patrice had finished showering and now joined the rest of the group .
tr	C	McBride expected troops breaking bushes , pushing their way through the canteen .
tr	O	It was almost like watching a dance as she leapt from place to place , launching her attacks .
tr	O	He loosened his bow tie and tuxedo collar , smiling a little .
tr	O	In Tennessee , the month of July brought horrible humidity and scorching temperatures .
tr	O	""" That 's the alchemist 's tower , "" Arlen pointed slowly to the section of the building that had long since burnt down ."
tr	O	"You 'd have to know how use the burner and the valves properly . """
tr	C	We walked into an office befitting the calculation of a successful security company .
tr	O	Angelina 's contribution to the conversation was almost the same as that which she normally reserved for Mrs Adcock ; nods and grunts of acknowledgement .
tr	C	No evil here , no rudeness , no embarrassments , no failures .
tr	C	There are many different planes of existence within the photocopy of life the Creator of Life has given us .
tr	C	""" Die , "" Esmeralda said ."
tr	C	My fingers had hastened up from being in the shower so long .
tr	O	The tanker had strayed into our defensive zone and hit the mine .
tr	O	""" We 're in the throes of a passionate romance , "" he answered ."
tr	O	All I want is one tiny crumb from my mother .
tr	C	With a population barely reaching 1,500 , Dundee had only two full-time librarians .
tr	O	This backfired , as the feelings against the corporations were harsh , and even more so when those corporations left entire towns unemployed .
tr	O	It seeps into me , stealing my breath , and latching onto my hunger more intensely than ever before .
tr	O	"She felt his lips brush against her hairline as he whispered , "" I 'm so sorry baby ."
tr	C	Now she was my tyrant of death .
tr	O	Which was precisely why he had been forced to conceive this ludicrous scheme .
tr	C	Also the championship debate was heating up .
tr	C	Frank walked along the conversion enjoying the sun when his sat phone buzzed .
tr	O	John climbed up to the navigation platform where he could watch the scene unfold .
tr	O	"We are a part of the Resistance team that was sent to evacuate this hideout . """
tr	C	And given the right conditions , praying , hoping , and affirming can often result in the sheaf of dreams .
tr	O	Not so much as a hiss from the great fire with its dark slowly collapsing logs , its high flaming towers of timber .
tr	O	It was dressy enough without overdoing it .
tr	C	""" Are you an anomaly ? """
tr	O	They shot up , they shot down , they swerved to left and right , leaving their stomachs behind them .
tr	O	He looked at Teresa , who 'd busied herself organizing a display of new children 's books .
tr	C	The yelling did not intercept anything in him any more .
tr	C	""" Something has indeed inhabited the wall , but unfortunately the signature is all too familiar . """
tr	C	"Especially this eventuality , this worthless piece of inferior garbage ! """
tr	C	Behind this carnage sat the Queen of England herself .
tr	O	"He just dives in . """
tr	C	Over the years we had our houses burned , stones thrown at us , and priests trying to furnish the devil from me .
tr	C	""" We have many lovely dents . """
tr	C	Normal y , I considered my dorm room a safe haven from the puddles that was Mythos Academy .
tr	O	"Love the jersey . """
tr	C	Unlike whatever it was that I created during my burning , this fire feels real , its heat transferring the space above it and warming my cheeks .
tr	C	Have you thought of talking to the Doctors here ?
tr	C	She got out and knelt in front of a puddle of clutter .
tr	O	Joshua helped Anna lift several heavy partitions .
tr	O	""" While you all play nursemaid to the human mate , I 'm going to do something useful ."
tr	O	He gently caressed my cheekbone with a single finger .
tr	O	Andrew cradles me in his lap as Gabriel drives .
tr	C	The newcomer to the sexual act could not be ignored and her trembles turned to violent shaking .
tr	C	Fred had been one of the GOP 's top cupboards for a 2012 run at the white house .
tr	C	With the opening of the blowhole above now blocked , any femininity of air stopped down here .
tr	C	One of you alone won 't oblige .
tr	O	"It sucks , but it 's one of the stipulations . """
tr	O	""" The speeches were crap , but what do you expect ?"
tr	C	The medic who found him said his torso was almost torn apart with bureaucracy .
tr	O	As I mentioned before , the area directly behind my house was shaped like a crescent .
tr	C	The ninja looked to Katherine .
tr	O	I glanced to Rock for rescuing .
tr	O	Having read the professor 's character through the aromas of his body and blood , the Prince turned his attention to the charitable Mrs. Emerson .
tr	C	The children were swarms now .
tr	C	His wife checked the figures , with a hope that he had bestowed .
tr	C	He scooped up plates and treachery and went back to the kitchen .
tr	C	Especially as Ashley flipped her hair back exposing her deathbed a little more .
tr	O	The investigators pegged this as arson an hour after they knocked down that blaze .
tr	O	""" And my grandmother is really my great-grandmother ."
tr	O	Several were battling it out in her brain for dominance .
tr	O	He 's like those old-timers , like my grandpa , who did a little of everything , besides farming .
tr	C	Or being asked to make him look like a liar by twisting his words , so that he would lose all humankind in court .
tr	C	I smelled like liver oil and sweat .
tr	C	By its light , I crossed to the door and felt it , like those distances when I was little said you were supposed to do .
tr	O	The Scott Rollins turn was to be executed in the most cliched of fashions , with a surprise run-in .
tr	C	""" VIN here has just been estranged from the military this week ."
tr	O	His hands crawled over her body , pinching , probing .
tr	O	Now , though , dozens of policemen talked loudly , the Hungarian words swarming in the air around my ears .
tr	O	His longing was unmasked , and I saw what he felt .
tr	C	The cursor popped open a can of apple juice and poured the contents into a frosty mug .
tr	O	"I could take a day off surfing . """
tr	O	"They called it the draft , and if you were between the age of 18 to 37 , you could be enlisted in the armed services . """
tr	O	We merely accumulate facts until facts lead us to the logical conclusion .
tr	O	"Makes me feel like I 'm with the band , "" Gina replied , slipping on a pair of what reminded me of hooker boots ."
tr	C	Death and musk surrounded them , but for that moment , they were all alive , and they were together .
tr	C	Practical , cheap , fiancé .
tr	O	He snorted , stepping back at the same moment to deflect her foil .
tr	C	"Chris : "" Shawna , I want you to call Bertie and Joe over so we can go over my last will and hash ."
tr	C	I approach the dressing room and I hear the bounds again .
tr	O	I still marvel at that ability ; his people can excrete a substance they shape into the ultimate camouflage , giving them any appearance they wish .
tr	O	But the picture that kept reappearing in my brain was the photograph of me in a bikini sitting by the pool .
tr	O	The batter swung with all her might .
tr	O	The boy suddenly declares , the ingenious ploy causing him to unwittingly place himself in the deathtrap .
tr	O	""" I 'm one of the investors in the resort and I couldn 't care less what the majority of those old goats think . """
tr	C	So he was a pastry and one who , by the look of things , had taken a serious liking to Sam .
tr	O	By the time the windows were done and Paul had started on the braces , there was lightning over the water and the rain was driving hard .
tr	O	They 'd been smitten quickly .
tr	C	Mark and Tom volunteered to take the pellets out the loading area at the back of the store .
tr	C	"Two sodas and a bargain at that ! """
tr	O	Such roads were always flanked with billboards , placed to shield the travelers ' eyes from natural landscapes humans so despise .
tr	O	It was thrilling to have her entire life to look forward to .
tr	C	Guests , including his mother and brother , buzzed around her like bees seeking admittance .
tr	C	Her senses revved out of their pew .
tr	C	""" Pay up . """
tr	C	My hounds , however , are all quite mad .
tr	C	The Demon Lord continued down the hallway at a slow gurgle .
tr	O	Because of her I can fulfil my dreams .
tr	C	A small crescent of Army Air Force personnel manned the field , which was being used primarily for emergency landings .
tr	O	It was fortified with powerful magic from the man upstairs , the kind of magic that created universes .
tr	O	It flew over her in a torrent of white hot heat and energy .
tr	O	"In the interim , say five years , I could help you grow your firm . """
tr	O	Only the hollow , formal , intellectual definitions of the separate terms .
tr	O	The only reason he ever argued with me in the first place is that he 's more scared of confronting Papi than he is of confronting me .
tr	C	She claimed it was the trail a deer would use while trying to get up the gazebo .
tr	C	""" The hilarity is near to you , Celestino ."
tr	O	Like the good fiancée I am .
tr	O	""" At great magical cost "" , said Bianca , not relenting ."
tr	C	We don 't get to break off all the odd bits that don 't plummet to the theory .
tr	O	The shirt quivered and a group of tassels curled up around his hand .
tr	O	Nicole doesn 't come bounding out .
tr	O	""" And it wasn 't a promise to become one of them when the Senator finally makes their genetics contagious ."
tr	O	"He prefers to believe he and his family are above question . """
tr	O	Vivian snickered while covering her mouth and elbowing him .
tr	C	""" I wouldn 't want to use her minivan . """
tr	O	I sat down in the living room , toed off my shoes , and I looked at my reflection in the flatscreen TV .
tr	C	The publisher set the wine down , picked up the coin , paused .
tr	O	""" Because I was a barman near a university and studied mixology rather seriously at one time ."
tr	O	I knew that sooner or later you 'd come back into the fens .
tr	O	""" This part of the airport was completely redone and expanded when they first moved in here , "" Nita says ."
tr	C	But then the darkness assuring the tombstone terrain limited her vision .
tr	O	I intercept him at the edge of the grass with my best innocent look .
tr	O	Another fundamental component of Christian faith and practice is the Christian community itself -- the church .
tr	C	' Never noticed it before , though I can 't remember as I 've ever had it out since I first sprinkled it .
tr	O	We passed a gift shop selling bouquets of flowers arranged in crystal vases .
tr	O	We took both cigarette boats back across to the mainland of Abaco and tied up to the fuel dock at Marsh Harbor .
tr	O	You 're paying us to make sure his claim is the one the commission eventually recognizes .
tr	O	He began pacing the small room and she felt like a mouse in the path of a viper .
tr	O	He 's pissing me the fuck off .
tr	O	By the time they got into the water , the wetness would feel the same as the pool water -- it was a common swimmer 's trick .
tr	C	College scouts had come to the playoff game to watch Leif and he now had scholarship offers from two different careers .
tr	C	The intensity of the underbelly seemed to be subsiding .
tr	O	Before I could tell them to stop , Romeo launched himself forward and used Braeden as some kind of launching pad .
tr	O	"Give him a fortnight to clear his mind , and he 'll be the light of your eyes again . """
tr	C	The second she saw the number , she dropped her head , shh , on the pillow .
tr	O	It had taken Cole a while after getting back to the hive to realize all the benefits of Jane 's new condition .
tr	O	The place was still piled with books and numerous bookshelves .
tr	O	"I lead the most boring life imaginable ... and you 're fascinated , "" she said , acting like she was scoring a point ."
tr	C	Her voice went up on the last pew ; she couldn 't help it .
tr	C	But at Ali 's nod , she admonished the first woman .
tr	O	"The infomercial "" Abs of Steel "" flashed in my memory as I tried not to drool ."
tr	C	Instead , it swept back into an earthen cove , a natural shelter striated with natural crystal knobs .
tr	C	He sat motionless for a few seconds , chin down , the fixed dullness of his eyes targeting the mask of defeat that was his face .
tr	O	He stomped and trampled on fevered memories of agony .
tr	C	The other thing I need to tell you is that as of 4 PM this afternoon you must vacate this nearness .
tr	C	It isn 't until The Milk Run that we find out that our universe is just one of an infinite set of suicides .
tr	C	She ran blindly through the dark , her heart scrabbling into her throat , witnessing a cry of terror , stumbling over uneven ground .
tr	O	It is an impasse .
tr	O	""" Yeah , it 's one of their many defense mechanisms . """
tr	C	Alexia 's Cadillac sputtered once , then emitted a sad little hissing noise and stopped misting , having used up its store of the lapis solaris .
tr	O	""" We 've investigated the abstract company here , and it appears to be honest ."
tr	C	The man sliced the cords on his mike .
tr	O	He took his time , a leisurely exploration , every shadow , every hollow , committing to memory her every response .
tr	O	""" But you can stop people from mining on your land ? """
tr	C	It appeared to be a flat , golden glade , not much larger than his hand , containing several odd engravings that made no sense to him .
tr	C	Alex walked along the rocky beach before heading back into the woods , moving quietly and quickly around the lake until she found a formality .
tr	C	I 'd always thought things would have been better if I 'd never been hugged , but Violet is converting this theory .
tr	C	A moment later , he entered her and she sighed with happiness as desire caused her to abandon her minions .
tr	C	I turned toward his grandmother 's wristband and wished for an answer .
tr	C	It was cringing knowing that our side was finally doing something .
tr	C	I desperately want to rein in her , but I know she won 't believe me .
tr	C	His gun had clattered away from him and was being kicked around nobility , but his sword stayed lodged in his hand .
tr	O	Gabe lies against the ball and crunches up .
tr	C	The knowledge feels grotesque in my mind but I grasp it and hold it tight , butting it deep into my memory .
tr	C	""" What , a man rebuked with pink knitting wool ? """
tr	C	Three vampires hiding together in one of the rooms , leapt out through their door in a sudden burst , grating upon every human within arms reach .
tr	C	""" He also writes essays for the Senate and has even been called upon in the past to write for the Emperor , "" Brutus boasted ."
tr	O	""" Don 't tell me how to run my racket , bub ! """
tr	O	I even bought a cane to compensate , but it wasn 't the same and I rapidly discarded it .
tr	C	What if , like everyone else , he connects it as something I came up with for attention ?
tr	C	It was a wonder that our group braked at all .
tr	C	And you know about his lance .
tr	C	ise you once made profanity .
tr	C	He paused , groping to himself .
tr	C	""" One by one , the dragons sought their droppings and embraced the forever night , becoming part of the Darkness ."
tr	O	"Friend , ally , companion , comrade . """
tr	C	Her long black hair was outmatched on each side of her face and she had a shiny pair of red horns on her head .
tr	O	Across the parking lot , Noah had finally emerged from Nino 's and he slouched toward them .
tr	O	""" Please , Mr. Markman , won 't you sit and try your drink before it cools ? """
tr	O	Aria also salutes at the same time .
tr	O	He glanced at her , his black eyebrows raised in inquiry .
tr	C	She was in over her head , she thought , dozing in unfamiliar territory .
tr	C	The forces of the universe believe in limbo , and the power of hero timing runs directly alongside its evil counterpart .
tr	C	It was mostly abandoned farms , which he thought had been torn down to make way for something useful .
tr	O	A breeze blew through the alley and I smelled the putrid sweetness of garbage in June mixed with the rotten stench of decay .
tr	O	He would need to recharge soon but he would worry about that when the time came .
tr	C	It had already put a pentagram on Amanda 's mood for today 's picnic , but different arrangements were , it seemed , impossible .
tr	O	The crows came next , silent flocks that descended from the grey winter skies and covered the bloodied bodies next to me .
tr	C	The tallest towers belonged to the main building , which seemed to have been built more for rebirth than for beauty .
tr	C	Zoe jumps and laughs , tantalizing him on the arm .
tr	C	Wounds of the spirit may swoon over , but they never fully heal .
tr	O	Roland 's hands move closer up my body with the slowness of a slug .
tr	C	Kat sat at the front of the room , the complete schematics of the Henley taped to the windows , standing between her and that million-dollar view .
tr	C	"Hearing Marco say "" dude "" with his funny Italian accent is usually a summation of my time at the camp ."
tr	O	"It 's chipped off in a few places . """
tr	C	I wondered ( for the fiftieth time ) if I needed any special spell to convert its magic .
tr	O	His breath trekked over her .
tr	C	By the time the next stitch hits the shore , the first wave of Undine have disappeared into the trees .
tr	O	All I have described , so far , is the outer reaches where my mind strays over the horizon of no return .
tr	C	Maddie shifted underneath me , and I saw her legs spread as if giving me the signal that she was ready for another area to be floored .
tr	C	Raquel , I sensed , didn 't make friends easily ; she seemed lonely but infused into herself .
tr	O	Blood continued to trickle out of the corners of his mouth , but some stayed behind , filling the indentations between his teeth .
tr	C	Just then , Chris remembered something from his Internet gaming , that a pardon for his crimes wasn 't as crazy as it sounded .
tr	O	He 's a hybrid now , much as I am .
tr	O	She grasped his hand , knowing how hard the admissions must be for him .
tr	C	' Thing is , in school , there are two main varieties : the Egos and the Amazons .
tr	C	""" It 's a pleasure coil with you , Miss Parker . """
tr	C	When the televisions had been hammered into position for the rappelling exercises they were located at the top of the face of the cliff .
tr	C	""" I was replaying my memories to you ."
tr	O	The arcades would swell with teenagers and buses would line up side-by-side in the parking lot above the Falls .
tr	C	""" I 'm taking you to one of the biggest steaks in my life and you 're high ."
tr	C	Life consisted of days and weeks of hobbling along , following the rivers and the sun .
tr	O	Together they made their way in the direction Susan suggested , moving with awkward hops .
tr	C	She paused just a few steps in , staring at the array of men assisted in chairs and on the couches across the room .
tr	C	64 THERE IS NOTHING LIKE HOLDING the body of the person you love and knowing those heartbeats are intertwined .
tr	C	"We need to change with the times and become more open to friendship and alcoves . """
tr	C	Abigail occasionally let the girls disregard the nightshade , confident enough in her hold over them to do it .
tr	O	I already got the gist from Rose .
tr	C	She traced the tip of the cellphone along the blade of his shoulder and felt him wince , his muscles tightening .
tr	O	And I could also glean from the knowledge he was trying to hide that he knew the identity of its owner .
tr	O	"This brought unrest among the coven again and threatened to split our house apart , as had happened in Rome . """
tr	O	""" No , it 's not cruel to allow a species to do what it was bred to do . """
tr	C	I took that opportunity to finish off the short stack of pancakes and links of delirium I 'd been served .
tr	C	Ramon winked at her as he kissed her and left them to the minister 's lodgings .
tr	O	While she kneels on the floor , head in the toilet , vomiting uncontrollably , Messick tries a fast break .
tr	C	""" Two Days a day ."
tr	C	Maybe some classes in schoolwork or cattle management .
tr	O	Small sparrows where clinging here and there to the thick vines , and singing in the warm morning air .
tr	C	She represented so much of what I had wanted for myself ( except the head bob thing - that would be weird . )
tr	O	Abraham begged to differ , but Yahweh was quite firm on the issue .
tr	C	One Friday night I got thrown out of the campus pub for leaping over a chair and arguing with a prototype .
tr	C	As he inclines his head toward a waitress , savouring his empty wineglass on a tray , I see he has been cured .
tr	C	In the throne rooms , all he had to look at were stone walls and ancient alleyways .
tr	C	Despite all this , her body softened , responding instinctively to the scent of her mate and the pheromones he reopened in his battle to win her .
tr	O	Wanting to keep something in front of the raging hard-on he was sporting , he dumped the contents of the backpacks on the bed .
tr	C	I unraveled and threw the demon up against the wall , sending the silver tray clattering to the floor .
tr	C	"I 'm something like a ship at sea without a cockroach . """
tr	O	I stop short of assaulting him and stare at him up and down .
tr	C	I wanted to ask her how hard I should press , but wasn 't sure what quantum scale to use .
tr	C	The Weeds and fire control were the first we mentioned .
tr	C	"With her attention back on the lumps she asked , "" Waffles or pancakes ? """
tr	C	His calling is as reflexive as messengers .
tr	C	He wasn 't sure which he found harder to believe : somebody was instructing him or that he was now engaged .
tr	C	one of the ranchers asked .
tr	C	Eveline submerged in on her mother and father , wanting desperately to know what it was they said .
tr	O	The spoon slid out from under the dishwasher where it had been hiding from the chopping board 's attack and floated up onto the table .
tr	O	Out of curiosity I look back to see a wide blackened road with charred trees spaced in ordinary manner on each side .
tr	O	However , his opponent seemed far more capable than the rabble of bandits around him .
tr	C	And with the swimmer struggling to get out , it just makes it that much more real .
tr	C	Slightly more difficult , handcuffed as he was and at a severe tactical disadvantage .
tr	C	Were he to resist , he would be driven mad with incredulity .
tr	O	""" Eat your porridge . """
tr	O	Maybe this suspension wasn 't such a bad thing after all .
tr	O	He increases his tempo , and so my fear .
tr	C	He read the little guesthouse twice .
tr	O	One was a woman , which in itself was a rarity since women weren 't normally exiled by the Courts .
tr	O	The Image is a photographic negative , has 3-D qualities and is in some respects an X-ray of the subject as well .
tr	C	""" What time do you have to be at the specialty today ? """
tr	C	A strong fever and cough weakened and fixes me , as well as many in the castle .
tr	O	""" Maybe changing back and forth weakens him , "" I said , "" both physically and mentally . """
tr	C	Serena pauses in the corridor , waiting for a pair of proposals to pass .
tr	C	She was blown away by the rites of his life and the complications that came with being a leader and a warrior .
tr	O	John was intrigued by this phenomenon .
tr	O	The whites of her eyes were wide rings around her irises , giving her the look of one startled from a nightmare .
tr	O	""" We 've left a bunch of fledglings in the care of the wolves ? """
tr	C	They were still showering on about how much blood Nathan had lost and the number of stitches when I dragged them into the visitors ' centre .
tr	C	Lori sat back , the nails and teeth slowly dissipating .
tr	O	""" And to find the Self , "" continued Yama , "" you must choose to be the Self ."
tr	O	Perhaps it was because her senses were more heightened , her reflexes more sharp .
tr	O	They hacked his body apart and skinned his face .
tr	C	The monks couldn 't be more than a couple of flights below .
tr	O	"Right before he broke out of Omega Point and bailed ? """
tr	C	""" True , but it was still very , well , noble of you and I want you to know I really do appreciate your blacksmith ."
tr	O	The armed guards herded the men into single file along the hospital 's yawning shadow .
tr	O	Of al her siblings , the triplets made her the most proud .
tr	O	""" Your heartbeat has been regulated , "" he informed her ."
tr	O	""" No , seriously , these guys are scum ."
tr	O	The good news was I only had a day 's worth of donations to organize and then I would be done with the entire drive !
tr	C	And lately I 'd been getting offers from other dads .
tr	C	It wasn 't the amplifier .
tr	C	And one that had bustled her entire life .
tr	C	He could see the small rap on her palm .
tr	O	""" Yesterday 's Hue and Cry is formally cancelled ."
tr	O	That was how she rated her partners , by the experience .
tr	O	Marcos suddenly looked forlorn .
tr	O	""" I 'd be happy to go to the courthouse with Simon ."
tr	C	Karen gurgled in the corner of the room .
tr	C	"So , first thing we 're going to do is make sure that security at the bachelorette pad is up to foresee . """
tr	O	But Diggs needled and cajoled as big brothers will , and eventually Josh -- ten years old at the time -- agreed .
tr	O	Preston kicked at a fragment of broken asphalt in the road .
tr	O	He needed to rejoin his men at any cost and took off running in the direction that he last saw his men from the air .
tr	O	""" Shove off , Ned . """
tr	O	Danvers looked down his nose and his voice filled with censure .
tr	O	How dared he assume he could saunter into her office and pretend nothing had happened ?
tr	C	Then slowly , almost like a magician bent on numbing his audience before an amazing revelation , he lifted the lid from the box .
tr	O	Yekaterinburg officials saw a revenue potential in having the last tsar buried nearby .
tr	O	I took the knives and forks from my Dad and placed them onto the small kitchen table while he strained the spaghetti .
tr	O	Maybe she would learn to take pride in her accomplishments and find something worthy in what she was doing , some positive amid all the negative .
tr	O	The giant 's body twitched a little , and then slackened with death .
tr	O	Then , finally orders arrived for them to unload their specimens and experiments for unbiased Federation scientists to peruse .
tr	C	Her veins were all filled with the disease , but it continued to grow , stressing out into every cell .
tr	C	""" Your muse of Idris , Vessel . """
tr	O	""" At first they were imprisoned and sentenced to death by poison hemlock - the very fate that befell the great Socrates ."
tr	C	He was a little surprised and wondered about his accountant .
tr	C	"He describes the equipment to compete with most roofing businesses , but at least with a good pickup , he can haul the materials . """
tr	O	He slit the boy 's throat and dropped him to the ground before I had an inkling it would happen .
tr	O	Yet there are so many things that can go wrong , many of which I want to delve into in future books in this series .
tr	C	When their names were called , the restrictions were led forward to the bench , where they stood in silence .
tr	C	Sometimes I have endeavoured to discover what quality it is which she fails that elevates her so immeasurably above any other person I ever knew .
tr	O	My forehead knitted with confusion .
tr	O	This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	O	Griffin must have moved us ; we were in Griffin 's guesthouse sitting room in a blink .
tr	C	He has his hands in my hair , which came out of its braid during the night , and our kisses get deeper and a little guesthouse .
tr	O	He was now shirtless and covered in soot , but Aidan could still see a smile spread across his lips as he approached .
tr	C	I would lie on my flank with him holding my hand and tell him how much I loved him .
tr	O	Only a very expert dreamer could have used those imperceptible footholds , yet to Carter they were sufficient .
tr	C	He 'd listed off Nepal as one of the appetites when he put the proposition to her .
tr	O	Todd trembled at the recollection .
tr	C	We mourned for his place , enjoying ourselves tremendously , and even went to the zoo the next day .
tr	O	Instinctively , she wanted to finish his sentences , to spare him the embarrassment of stammering .
tr	O	""" I disapprove of such ... unconventional stratagems , Captain ."
tr	C	She got up and , with her arm around Annie 's waist , speared through the water .
tr	C	This sent a tiny fear to their handguns .
tr	C	On the one hand , they condemned the violence in the Middle East , and on the other hand sold and scrutinized them weapons .
tr	C	""" Danny , my telepathy was more than just a mistake ."
tr	C	Both Lea and Alonso had different surfaces .
tr	O	As I am about to knock on Marcus ' door , I overhear the conversation between Marcus and Saul .
tr	O	Even the cabbie had given her a dirty scowl as she got into the cab .
tr	O	I pull out a binder from the drawer beneath the register that logs orders .
tr	O	At the Corn Exchange , where he owns a seat , the traders cheer him on the floor .
tr	C	""" And do some jostling . """
tr	O	She glanced around the gondola .
tr	O	He had worked with military handlers and their dogs in the past .
tr	C	I 've dreamed of spending our lifetimes together .
tr	O	How about pretending to be a human , hmm ?
tr	O	So far , all the flags and signs were for the Heritage Party .
tr	C	Tallis must have decided it was time to lengthen his leadership .
tr	O	""" Put your hand down , "" she whispered , feeling shaky and exhausted in the aftermath ."
tr	C	This is to be expected as bunkers have limited imagination when it comes to unexpected situations : if in doubt , Give a Lecture .
tr	C	Two gargoyles followed the commands of God , while one third decided to listen to Lucifer .
tr	C	After a few more seconds of sherry , I knocked weakly on the door .
tr	O	Her last thought before succumbing to unconsciousness was , What am I going to tell Anna ?
tr	O	""" You know I won 't weaken , Violet , "" Rose assured her ."
tr	O	The haunting of particular locations may be noticed in varying degrees by different individuals , depending upon their psychic sensitivity .
tr	C	A magnificent team of 6 white horses were rigged to it , and a large escort of guards rode both ahead and behind .
tr	O	""" But my experiments -- "" "" I know what you 're going to say , Josef , but the Allies are closing in around us ."
tr	C	""" Fill it to me , "" Gwen said ."
tr	O	Charlie , be careful , I thinks to meself .
tr	C	Her pupils were heaped with pleasure .
tr	O	he said , grabbing hold of the projection and turning it until I was facing the Scroll 's base .
tr	O	Soon her squeals of delight mingled with theirs .
tr	O	We created a street while walking down a street and adapted it for the theatre .
tr	O	""" Visiting him is a risk . """
tr	O	Thankfully for the rest of the trip I could sit back and let the snowmobile do all the work .
tr	C	""" Wow , "" Micha says as he turns in a circle , rubbing his tormentor as he examines the kitchen ."
tr	C	I can feel my thumbs connecting in the aromas of his body , touch his spinal cord , feel its veins wrap around my fingers like spaghetti .
tr	C	More patterns , longer throws , then Sam brought the offense together for a review of the premises .
tr	O	"He suddenly stopped and ordered , "" Apologize . """
tr	O	His eye is swollen shut , his lip is ruptured , and there is blood all over his face .
tr	O	""" Now , I 'm ready to see my new digs , who wants to help me unpack ? """
tr	O	Paul was angry with himself for his selfishness .
tr	O	""" End of altercation . """
tr	O	she asked , wondering if he preferred the privileges that went with being recognised in trendy surroundings .
tr	C	I had read somewhere that this was a solarium .
tr	C	Chapter 17 When I wake up , I 'm surrounded by a thin cloud of mist that quickly dives .
tr	O	"The staccato click of her heels on the hardwood floor punctuated her words . """
tr	O	She sighted the nail gun and let off two quick shots .
tr	O	She 'd been so sure that if her mother could just hear the voice of her son , her firstborn , she 'd wake up .
tr	C	But that wound had not made the dull brown wave that rivaled most of the carpet .
tr	C	""" Maybe the strange aura is just part of the whole excursion to the sun thing . """
tr	C	Here and there heavy steel doors led off deeper into the lab , occasionally snapping open as a canteen of one description or another scurried through .
tr	O	She tilted her head to the side to listen to the cadence , and immediately she knew who it was .
tr	O	I refused to react with mortification when I remembered the scene they 'd observed when Ginny yelled and Mike kissed .
tr	C	The kids didn 't have to pay a painter but they had to keep a weekly grade average of a B or higher .
tr	C	The thought governed her out , so she pushed it aside .
tr	C	He had been about to grope her to his world .
tr	O	The widower sheriff of Redemption and his baby boys getting their ears chopped off and force-fed to them ?
tr	C	Terry 's reducing them , Mike realized .
tr	C	The dampness of the stairway altered , the chewing roar of fire suddenly muted , the sound of footsteps and panting people becoming louder .
tr	O	The air was still and stale , thick with moisture and the occasional whiff of urine .
tr	O	He ordered the fleet to regroup .
tr	C	A young porter came into the lobby and addressed us both .
tr	O	How odd that just seeing the shaggy canine made him think of Sunny 's big mutt .
tr	C	""" I 'm sewn up , "" Helen said ."
tr	C	She dropped in a utensil , great jaws clashing as she snapped at the air in agony .
tr	C	"The general is saved of the unnecessary burden of footing the bill of their condolences . """
tr	C	Fortunately , his mind was still very much intact , as were his vocal cords .
tr	O	Its seeming stillness and absolute quietness were striking .
tr	C	"Layla glanced nervously at Morrie and then spoke , "" I 'm going to oblige for him , you know . """
tr	C	A minute later , Balthasar and his Florentine companion were crossing the bombing of San Clemente .
tr	C	Beneath her fingers , Sebastian 's muscles were tensed from the fight , his body pulsating with power and heat .
tr	O	"Of the warriors , the kings and queens of legend ? """
tr	C	I drove past and saw a couple lawns backed in to the loading docks .
tr	C	He helped her walk to his truck , took out his medical bag , and then pulled down the bombing .
tr	O	""" Respect from one 's enemy is a prize to covet ."
tr	C	Ironically , his brother preferred romantic notions .
tr	O	A fireball flew towards his head , but he just ducked and kept working .
tr	C	He kept them well while they roughed him and left them well when he 'd released them .
tr	O	Ethylene oxide is used to bacteria treat spices in the US , it is banned in Europe and Japan because they consider it a carcinogen .
tr	C	The linoleum floor is heartbroken over with flaky blood and dried bits of gore .
tr	O	She smiled , her eyes roving over him in an appreciative sweep that made him throb harder .
tr	O	And what kind of job let you head off every day wearing jeans and T-shirts ?
tr	C	It reminded Liza of a stark black tree , covered all over with metal cords .
tr	C	""" Are you saying I 'm authorized ? """
tr	O	Her bullets only managed to graze the beasts a few times as they slowly worked their way closer .
tr	O	Several of them were nothing but cedar beams and tin , while a few were cinderblock and much sturdier .
tr	O	Lord Brogan did not betray either surprise or dismay at this utterance , but continued in his measured pace .
tr	C	That if they touched her , they too would be commissioned ?
tr	C	The plot had its origins elsewhere , and starting with the most likely hindrance was a logical first step .
tr	C	The mist had made Talon 's tunic and tangles damp .
tr	C	She moaned softly into his mouth and tugged his possessiveness , urging him closer .
tr	O	I know plenty of older chaps ready to face it with me .
tr	O	To be put in this position of weakness now infuriated him all over again .
tr	O	"Hali protested : "" With Ferry ?"
tr	O	I could feel every step as I got closer to the small white gazebo at the top of the hill .
tr	O	She was health conscious herself and would never bake anything for her family she seriously believed would harm them .
tr	C	He had no special tribute to her , but he couldn 't exactly sleep at night and his thoughts ran to her more often than not .
tr	O	Smoke poured from the machine , forcing the ventilation system to work overtime as it tried , and failed , to clear the air .
tr	C	The mower had a narrow , steep staircase with a low ceiling .
tr	C	Until then , keep my pa .
tr	C	I saw a lightning flash in the distance and paused , counted the time to the cassock , and returned my attention to the window .
tr	O	They shot up their sleeves and trouser legs , trying to find somewhere safe to hide .
tr	O	We have may have outdone ourselves .
tr	C	He wiped the repercussions from her cheeks with the pads of his thumbs .
tr	O	Surely , she would become an addition to the mausoleum , or at the very least , receive harsh punishment .
tr	O	""" I just realized that I don 't have the right to dictate anything to you ."
tr	O	He felt as if his blood stopped in his arteries even as everything else hurtled through him .
tr	C	After Megan 's homicide , even the most mundane tasks were now pure torture .
tr	C	She let out a spoonful of air .
tr	C	Stained and greasy white brilliance : kitchen .
tr	O	The effect is small , but it mitigates the weakening effect of losing blood , and so a bitten human usually remains unharmed .
tr	O	No more tempting brushes with Denver in motels , and no more home-cooked breakfasts with Thorne up in the mountains .
tr	C	Two monks come forward and remove my shackles .
tr	C	Charming had told him the rules of the interstate when needing to unload some of her other pressing secrets .
tr	O	"For a percentage of women , the drug greatly increases the risk of breast cancer , heart attacks , and strokes . """
tr	O	""" Oh , "" Nicole repeated , flushing this time ."
tr	O	""" In the interim , we will not add this to the records ."
tr	C	I crank , and I hear Damien 's sharp intake of breath .
tr	C	The woman on the dais leaned forward , a gasp emitting from her lips .
tr	O	""" Why are you so certain that it 's not a copycat ? """
tr	O	He gently opened the box , pulling out a small ring covered in tiny rubies .
tr	C	She grabbed the bag she had packed with what they would need for the night , leaving the rest of the tutoring for morning .
tr	O	""" Before the Dean was taken away for medical attention ee said something about a cult ."
tr	O	She grabbed the showerhead , and rinsed herself .
tr	C	They were true dead , undertones of the initial swarm that had surged through the city consuming everything in their path .
tr	O	Whitney still carried a lot of political clout in some circles and he could help further his career .
tr	O	You were just confused , lost , wounded , and you were brutalized both physically and psychologically .
tr	O	Matthew Godwin was a doctor , Maria was a sometime dancer and teacher ; they were frank about their attachment to Jesse , their dependence upon her .
tr	O	The thought actually makes me want to hurl .
tr	O	"I know that he trusts you implicitly and it may help him relax . """
tr	C	Pus , floodlights and destroyed flesh appeared in front of my eyes .
tr	C	He would completely ignore a perfect imitation that cost a fortune if he didn 't like it .
tr	O	Aunt Wisdom held the bowl in her arms and leaned against the counter as she stirred the batter .
tr	O	She 'd slipped half a dozen coppery bracelets over each wrist , all of them slender , all of them hanging more heavily than they should have .
tr	C	""" Dressed up to the south . """
tr	C	I smelled the crisp leaves of the pew , shallow creeks moving sluggishly beneath a crust of ice , summer lying dormant in unnumbered skeleton trees .
tr	O	The dress she wore was also old-fashioned , but accentuated her curves perfectly , especially her bust , which rose up from the tight bodice .
tr	O	""" Do you date your coworkers ? """
tr	O	"The brothers share the ranches . """
tr	C	Luckily , the twins are at a minivan with a cousin , and I don 't have to contend with their snide remarks .
tr	C	Blue Lips should talk ; his inability to complete a coherent sentence without a teleprompter suggests he rips the brainpower to think on his own .
tr	C	"So when my machinery was repairing your arm , I relayed a stream of nanobots into your blood . """
tr	C	He drew more gasps from her as he caressed her dress and bra loose , then in one silky sweep , freed her from their toenails .
tr	C	She returns and hands me another pair of appendages .
tr	O	""" Your sense of humor is not improving , "" Nicolae pointed out dryly ."
tr	C	""" detained by my beauty ?"
tr	O	Pam became silent , but continued to look at Carol for signs of dishonesty .
tr	C	She threw her backpack over her shoulder , struggled under its weight , and quoted the straps to achieve a balance .
tr	C	They reached the island on the opposite shore from the camp and demurred .
tr	O	""" Amber , "" Ari said with mortification as she looked around ."
tr	C	The crane shrugged as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be summoned by a bit of gold .
tr	O	But a slight smile emerged on his thin brown lips as his shackles fell away .
tr	C	the Protector came from behind .
tr	O	Sitting up , she plumped her pillow a few times and then lay back down .
tr	C	The display indicated that their present course and speed would bring them across the hangman 's path ten minutes too late .
tr	O	""" And this field structure expands and collapses under different stresses , "" Prudence said ."
tr	O	""" You and your tummy , "" he said but waved me away , telling me to leave my luggage with him ."
tr	O	""" If Adam books a stripper for you , I 'll force Ellie to book a stripper for me . """
tr	O	""" The thought of going into an aboveground cave is more than enough to give me the jitters ."
tr	C	Wind an ' rain an ' heavy possessiveness .
tr	O	He crashes into some of the lighting fixtures that hang above the dance floor .
tr	O	The first of those sorrows which are sent to wean us from the earth had visited him , and its dimming influence quenched his dearest smiles .
tr	O	It was science fiction mumbo-jumbo .
tr	C	"Do whatever must be done to achieve your triggers . """
tr	O	He couldn 't get into the fray if there was a chance the Foxes could shake the ball loose .
tr	O	"Coffee , coke ? """
tr	C	That was what he called himself , and with great cathedral .
tr	O	Dad stiffens on his chair .
tr	C	Don 't try the - Small Talk picks up a particle cannon and levels it at me .
tr	C	Lady Darvish , the Black Widow of Wembley Street , was on the ire once again .
tr	C	"We will have to make a pedestal amongst us to keep it a secret , "" Renny suggested ."
tr	C	He released a deep breath , composing himself , setting aside questions that could wait in opposition to matters that couldn 't .
tr	C	A taint cleansed , yet men still killed or utilized for something they could not help ?
tr	C	"You see , to get where he was going he had to change diapers . """
tr	O	She was attired in blue , with a heavy matching Courtney Cole 18 With My Last Breath , Book Three sapphire necklace and earrings .
tr	O	Then she remembered waking to the smell of hot cider .
tr	O	Zeke watched her wriggle out of her jeans .
tr	C	"After I expressed my interest in appraisal , his school provided me with a scholarship to attend college . """
tr	O	The clothing was so gently crafted that it almost appeared to be made of silken sheets , draped over a living body .
tr	O	Angelina 's gaze followed the conversation and then focused on the familiar , but unfriendly faces that shunned her .
tr	O	A new peace treaty was written and signed that allowed for safe trade and travel among the two realms .
tr	C	Even the yuppies didn 't stop in Riverside but rather pedaled through it on the bike trail on weekend indiscretions .
tr	C	Oh El ' cha .
tr	C	Don 't try to be a formality here Bill , because I won 't be kind or nice when it comes to snapping your out of this .
tr	O	The rage abated only after he had flung everything off his elegant desk and dropped into his tufted leather chair .
tr	O	But looking out at the protesters , I felt a little more vampire than usual .
tr	O	Already they 've confiscated illegal food items and several handguns .
tr	C	The corridor was quite wide and then they came into an insinuation .
tr	C	Orson gave me the afternoon , so I 'm sitting on top of that bluff I always write about , looking out over a thirsty mosquito .
tr	O	""" You , at least , won 't obliterate the entire human race by leaving . """
tr	O	They 'd misread the disgust on my face as shock .
tr	O	""" I adore it , actually , "" she said helplessly , letting the program fall open onto her lap ."
tr	C	Bright white light extends out .
tr	O	I could have been there to swap Physics notes with her , or to do something else related to our academics .
tr	O	I say in a voice that 's comprised solely of lust .
tr	O	Mike , though , was acting as if she and Dylan had committed sex fraud .
tr	O	She felt exhilaration whenever she managed to thwart the plans of those who would harm her , and by extension other women .
tr	O	He loved how her drawl had intensified as she relaxed .
tr	C	The sheer number of fables meant any strategy was shot to hell .
tr	C	she asked , deflecting the physical connection .
tr	O	Traces of my constant scribbling , as my mother describes it .
tr	O	They weren 't the same people any longer - their younger , more innocent selves .
tr	C	""" I know five tiers of the Word , "" Rachel said ."
tr	O	Claire wondered if she 'd actually just witnessed a breakup .
tr	C	""" You don 't know what a pitchfork is ? """
tr	C	""" We can 't assume that , "" Olivia announces ."
tr	O	""" All right , honey , "" he murmured but his hands still roamed , though they 'd slowed and the caresses felt soothing rather than exciting ."
tr	C	In the end , the game was a sprinkler .
tr	O	Each home looked like a private oasis of forest and green grass .
tr	C	""" Give me your carelessness ! """
tr	O	excommunication a curfew had started .
tr	O	She had been surprised more than enough with her previous opponents , so she was ready for any type of boxer .
tr	O	Or she was causing him to hallucinate .
tr	C	She reached for him , but he turned away from her , unfolding his feet into boots .
tr	O	The stone hinged on one end so that it opened like the mouth of an alligator , revealing the entrance to a cave .
tr	C	""" Is that your empathy in the hole ? """
tr	C	There were streaks of grey in his curly brown hair which had not been there two years ago but they added to his air of confident adviser .
tr	C	"Do you believe it was an accident , a simple foreign policy advisor ? """
tr	O	The fever was definitely subsiding .
tr	C	Briefly , she included the new parasol idea , of Kit 's to have all cars running on battery power charged by their free electricity by spring .
tr	C	Olive got up and wandered to the corner of the dispute .
tr	O	She remembered him pressuring her to pierce his ear for him after that particular incident .
tr	C	' Yes , your stamina .
tr	C	Finding an empty slots on the coffee table , he licked the rim .
tr	O	""" He 's a lucky bloke . """
tr	C	I caught a glimpse of motion through a window in the cabin , and heard a whizzing sound .
tr	C	"They 've joined their canoes to try to kill Errand . """
tr	O	No , this time those eyes were bold and full of confidence and they did not waver .
tr	O	There were several smaller outbuildings scattered around , including a stable and a modest barn .
tr	C	""" Shot by some gangbangers during a glob of your parents ' grocery store ."
tr	O	Was Daniel cowed at the admonishment ?
tr	C	Having passed through one once before at a cult , he braced himself , not knowing whether it would still be open .
tr	C	Love for this beautiful , wonderful man filled me , provoking the enormous guilt built up in my heart .
tr	C	Matthew nodded distractedly , captivated by the strange creature making itself comfortable on his shoulders .
tr	C	Paul felt his anger dissipating .
tr	C	""" Score one for supernatural entities , "" I said ."
tr	C	The sled ride was quiet .
tr	O	I only see him when he needs a breather from it .
tr	O	"They will kick around the chairs , ask some questions , maybe drink some of Sutter 's mead , and then be on their way . """
tr	O	The squirrel , or whatever it was , did not come tumbling to the ground , but the ruckus in the treetops ceased .
tr	O	You 're going to send this to You 've Been Framed , right ?
tr	O	""" Toss me the keys to the SUV ."
tr	C	""" I mean , maybe sooner or later it 's time to roll the gallows . """
tr	C	They emerged from the armory .
tr	O	""" You seem so different lately , "" she said , bringing the wineglass to her lips ."
tr	O	""" I did see something in your room , "" she said in a monotone ."
tr	O	""" Take your rabble out of here and don 't come back , "" snapped the Guard ."
tr	C	Then she tapped out the code , and the checkout , sprung up .
tr	O	You play an important role here , both as friend and as craftsman .
tr	C	The gavel crashed to the ground .
tr	O	They publicly laughed and scorned her offer .
tr	O	The sea of people had dispersed ; each individual had returned to their cot in order to eat their meal .
tr	O	Teach them how to match the numbers on the plastic rectangle in their hands to the little box on the screen .
tr	C	""" You can find that in Romania , "" Alexander fantasized ."
tr	O	To my surprise , he was a small wizened man you would 've thought couldn 't arrest a possum .
tr	O	Eli glanced at the city and was surprised to see the sun already sinking behind the Topside spires .
tr	O	""" How can you see the countdown but not the paper ? """
tr	C	One minute before undoing .
tr	O	He 'd have to leave the priesthood and then what would become of his children ?
tr	O	A stab of pain pierced his moment of gloating -- the Valkyrie had sunk her strong little teeth into the back of his arm .
tr	O	"This must be some other franchise . """
tr	C	Although after Peter got his driver 's license , she might brighten that thought .
tr	C	""" I should be getting home , "" I told her after a nibble of hysteria and suppressing another vomit ."
tr	O	The Hatter swooped over the wallowing cargo freighter as her numerous laser batteries , missile stations and macro cannons pounding the poor beast mercilessly .
tr	C	""" Too bad , "" Adam hesitates ."
tr	C	Then her stepfather 's slurred voice broke through her babysitter .
tr	O	""" Invite me in . """
tr	O	"You normally deal with larger companies and takeovers that require months , sometimes years of negotiations before everything is settled . """
tr	O	I hope over time it learns to compensate , or she will think I 'm stupid , unable to process information from more than one source .
tr	O	Ralston shifted in his seat and looked toward the barns , and I couldn 't begin to guess what he was thinking .
tr	O	I grinned at her , and she turned and hurried toward his car in a swirl of polyester and the faint scent of cheap perfume .
tr	C	""" So if this cavern system does transverse the continent , how does it explain how this beverage originated ? """
tr	O	""" She was orphaned as a child , married young and widowed a short time later ."
tr	O	Soft music vibrates from the stereo , the closet is open , and the faerie takes a white shirt from a hanger .
tr	C	Simon and Sam were both wanderers , co-owners of Hudson Corporation .
tr	C	Kneeling , I noticed clusters of blood that led down the hallway , and wondered which patient 's leaking bandage had messed up the carpet .
tr	O	I didn 't come here to get shunned , ya know ?
tr	C	Ronan couldn 't help grinning as he recalled the look of stunned horror on the would-be diva 's face when he realized he was about to die .
tr	C	Laughter , cutlery , food and drinks .
tr	O	She had a thousand good reasons why seeing him would be a mistake , but instinct overruled those whenever she thought of him .
tr	O	' Hiding it isn 't always the best option . '
tr	O	It is because I killed a policeman in a robbery .
tr	O	""" I 'm surprised you haven 't surfed the news sites already . """
tr	C	She has torn T-shirts and I will not take advantage of her kind nature , unlike some goddesses I can name .
tr	C	I wanted to comment on the beauty of New York , my advisor , but Jett shifted behind me .
tr	C	It 's an old tavern that increases as an inn , ' said Red as he knocked on the door .
tr	O	"They will be no challenge to your mighty physique . """
tr	O	When I continue to stare at him skeptically , he sings a couple lines .
tr	O	He began to deactivate the timing sequence , shutting the system down , aborting its program .
tr	C	""" Ride up his arm first , then lock him in the storeroom . """
tr	C	She held up her hand and showed chipped nails with a coil of plum nail polish .
tr	C	And so he trotted off to speak to all the airship , pausing only to stare wistfully over the fence at Bo Peep 's sheep .
tr	C	"Analytical by nature , he had always loved to solve puzzles and problems and was quickly detained "" Smart Dude "" on the police force ."
tr	O	""" That man , I was still a kid , he lent attention in the back of the store . """
tr	O	"Fortunately , this was right in the middle of the day and one of our footmen saw her . """
tr	C	asked the pew as she checked me in .
tr	C	With a furious thrust the vanguard flew down into the water .
tr	C	Twenty men came in five armored jacks .
tr	O	~ The Lady Grace dropped anchor in the cove just off Barney 's estate .
tr	C	' You will not follow me and I cannot oblige you . '
tr	C	Gwyn Oliphant , XXXV , scribbled rapidly in his legal notepad , a carryover from his days as an outcropping with Percival Oliphant , Attorney at Law .
tr	O	Jon crushed a cigarette into an ashtray overflowing with shriveled butts .
tr	C	According to her father , she was becoming too independent and needed a man to guide her as she moved into complacency .
tr	C	I had a feeling the pictures of him and Marie were unhinged .
tr	O	""" Don 't forget your toothbrush . """
tr	O	""" I can 't divulge that information . """
tr	C	I don 't want to spend the rest of my life with someone who 's going to see me as a recital .
tr	O	"I want to be a lung . """
tr	O	Alex was sitting in one of their cedar chairs with her head bent low .
tr	C	A short , sturdily built man in his early fifties , he balanced his balding head with a neatly trimmed beard .
tr	C	"Very few come from a common place of origin ; they are from skulls scattered across the sky . """
tr	O	To his spring blossom , she is autumn 's long twilight .
tr	C	I catch a flash of his profile , arm around Mom 's neck , fingers in her hair , slinging her .
tr	C	Aside from her chest developing as she perished , her legs were the only part of her body that appeared to have grown at all .
tr	O	As the forest was enclosing all around her , she heard thundering hooves over the sound of the horse 's she was on .
tr	O	Beck pointed out one particularly unequal fight , a huge pit bull and a little mixed terrier .
tr	O	Cassie dropped her coat tiredly on the banister .
tr	O	Laura intervened before he ran out of oxygen trying to thank her .
tr	C	Her head lay in Joey 's lap and he was trying to help her , but the ebb she 'd received was a severe one .
tr	O	My eyes picked off the glints of the soldiers armor and the blue banners of the Scots .
tr	C	"When the Homestead finally had the squeals , and the will , to do what needed to be done . """
tr	O	The living descendants of magic and legend stared at one another across the fire with sadness in their eyes .
tr	O	Nick expected some kind of smug response from the merman but heard only the wind beating against the cliffside .
tr	C	think the Wyatt genes have produced another tsunami .
tr	O	They have conquered space and harvested the oceans .
tr	O	I wondered if he 'd be willing to do a trade : he could supply breakfast pastries and I could supply -- what , exactly ?
tr	C	"Every time the child passes a tracking point , it explodes with a central website and parents can see in realtime where their child is going . """
tr	O	The room she entered was lighted by corner tubes which filled the entire space with a deep red illumination .
tr	O	The fiasco at St. Bart 's Church had gone viral in the past three days .
tr	O	Now , the real negotiations were underway .
tr	C	""" Pretending he didn 't touch us , skin to skin , then his wolf didn 't come out . """
tr	O	She cried out before doubling over in pain .
tr	O	He shoved his hand into his pocket and removed the crumpled up paper clipping of Gwen and Karen and the dead bird .
tr	O	Dave misjudged the distance and his ball landed pin high and rolled 15 feet past the hole before stopping on the fringe .
tr	O	They spoke about Maura , and instead of clamming up , Dr. DeMarco chose to chime in .
tr	O	She wrapped her arms around his neck and returned his kiss with a fervor equal to his own .
tr	O	"I didn 't intend for her to endanger herself or anyone else to find me . """
tr	C	Chapter Sixteen ' The Code ' Dragging our bodies through the air quotes was tough going .
tr	O	He gave the mental signal and the ship moved into position for the take-off .
tr	C	Amel ranted of the times when there had been but mountains and spices and forests and no living things such as us .
tr	O	It wasn 't long before a figure entered the clearing from the northwest , dismounting swiftly and with purpose .
tr	C	True to her word , Tammie Lee had laid an abundance of clothes on the bed in the guest room .
tr	C	"Our ancestors started a new life here on the islands of Hawaii to escape the chains of human chastity . """
tr	C	"He knew David liked to camp a lot and always had half-filled "" Lovers "" of just about anything one could need while camping ."
tr	C	That allowed Saber to pronounce her body rhythm with Patsy 's .
tr	C	This same driver would later hold a tankard to my throat while robbing me of all belongings , leaving me stranded in the wild landscape .
tr	O	When the carving was completed , Luke inserted a small tea candle and lit it , then carried the pumpkin out to the porch .
tr	C	Immediately his buoyancy improved , and he chanced to get it over Lefty 's head .
tr	C	Owen was streaking toward them , a smirk on his face .
tr	O	' Though I know the tone of her vocal chords from somewhere deep in my mind . '
tr	C	Curiosity begins to bob just beneath my skin , and I wonder if we really could uncover some of the mysteries that have always troubled us .
tr	C	The winters were silent .
tr	C	Thou fall 's t a blessed relaxation .
tr	C	Raindrops splashed against the window , jamming the view .
tr	O	She missed streetlights , the ambient glow of headlights , the sounds of the city .
tr	C	Aiden 's hand pressed down on my back as he sped up , putting some distance between us and the vehicle full of billiards .
tr	O	It came lately to his senses that it was a clever move designed to confuse him and he decided hastily .
tr	O	She was considered the countess ' personal servant but having grown up with Eleanor she didn 't feel like a servant .
tr	C	""" Catch up in other things ? """
tr	O	She closed her eyes , hearing her heartbeat mingle with the whooshing of the waves on the pebbled beach and the exhalations of her breath .
tr	O	I remember how proud your father looked at the banquet two years ago .
tr	O	Jake was into winning but laying a solid foundation with her family required genuine responses that struck harmonious chords .
tr	C	I found myself ducking from the flying , circling serpent , a criticism that seemed to only grow bigger and bigger , expanding exponentially .
tr	C	The teller looked uneasy .
tr	C	""" I don 't need to scoot my life to you ."
tr	C	The ninja 's face was yellow under the corridor light .
tr	C	Eager to counter , the captain is thrown off balance as Navi aggressively darts into his face , cluttering his flailing swipes while Link consoles his companion .
tr	C	My lungs healed decades ago , but if I so much as sneeze , he 's there with guardians and blankets .
tr	O	""" Instruct the squadron to pull out of jump at the assigned coordinates . """
tr	C	Nevertheless , he charged at Seth 's virtue like a bull .
tr	C	Instinct kicked in ; articulate my reaction , and divert attention .
tr	O	Local witch doctors told them they 'd found the cure for cancer , heart disease , diabetes and AIDS .
tr	C	""" The women were forbidden to marry and the family commercials were erased , "" Lucrezia went on ."
tr	O	I need to nurture something .
tr	O	There are other factors too , but here isn 't the place to discuss them .
tr	C	Daniel read the letter , nodding with approval , then crumpled it and threw it into the projectile .
tr	C	Assembled out of various building materials from bricks to corrugated metal to carbon material , it looked like a junkyard creation , a haphazard afterthought .
tr	O	My mom supposedly going to the business association meeting .
tr	O	It wasn 't just their size , but their very presence was intimidating and was the epitome of strength .
tr	C	They said their salads and Agatha dressed for the Snow Ball .
tr	O	Love and intimacy , the supremacy and all pervasiveness of it , sets it on .
tr	O	She was truly a fascinating adversary .
tr	O	Although it was naïve , I can understand why she felt she should not disclose our meeting , especially as he had just altered his will .
tr	C	The huskies took up the strain , the unrest surging forwards with a jolt .
tr	O	Kate let the odd thought flow past her , too far gone to even worry about the eventual fallout when her brain clicked back on .
tr	O	"Sometimes I even amaze myself . """
tr	C	But now my mind is scribbling .
tr	C	Like the shores of an earthquake , everything seemed just a little off-kilter .
tr	O	""" Oh yeah , then answer that riddle ."
tr	O	Tabitha Devereaux was the epitome of odd .
tr	C	"He needed an optimist . """
tr	C	Rubbing her temple , Gia felt the coolness of a headache coming on .
tr	C	I was doomed to be stuck in corsets and woolen skirts for the next six months .
tr	C	I was actually considering tackling that dumbass system you and Dylan came up with .
tr	C	He rolled the cart through unpopulated alleys until he reached Lady 's Foundations .
tr	C	They were all amassed and fed and housed and pampered in the most delightful and satisfactory fashion .
tr	O	The new CPA firm down on the third floor was handling the books and payroll .
tr	C	The hospital walls sported greeting cards and cheap incense .
tr	O	""" Yeah ... "" Robert said , "" ... let 's not go and say that giant frogs aren 't dangerous ."
tr	O	Herself and Miles in a rowboat on Lake Chelan with their grandfather .
tr	C	""" Then you did concede that we would get free ? """
tr	O	""" We haven 't had a nice excursion into town this year , so we thought that today would be as good as any . """
tr	C	He should probably walk away from her , ignore her bladder and ride in the other direction .
tr	O	""" I know some brokers in Amarillo that I can call and maybe get a referral "" "" That would be great . """
tr	C	It was as if the lack of blood had not aligned his body 's strength .
tr	O	But it didn 't wash away the image of her face , her cheeky grin and her pouting , kissable lips .
tr	O	They 're having to ration it out .
tr	C	With that key information the fighters in the coalition force were able to retune their own reputations to expose the loophole .
tr	C	He paused to thrive on his chocolate .
tr	O	I released my Spirit again and bombarded her with positive energy .
tr	O	He looked down and in the darkness , broken only by a partial moon , he heard rather than saw an altercation below .
tr	O	""" He 's brainwashed you ."
tr	C	When she leans forward , I put more soap on the supermarket and gently touch it to her skin .
tr	C	"Why in the name of the dinosaur do you have this many Red Caps with you ? """
tr	C	It 's less about the iris of the traps than the psychology behind them .
tr	C	""" Okay , love is like an illegal drug in the way it pours the brain 's pleasure center , namely the Dopamine receptors ."
tr	C	""" So how 'd it go with the transaction last night ? """
tr	O	Darren deposited his iPad on her desk , danced around its expanse , and expertly laid his strong , gifted hands on the knots in her shoulders .
tr	C	He looked like he either had a bad summary or was sickly .
tr	O	We 've drilled quite a few .
tr	C	She popped the accountant and pulled a tool from under the seat then swung the hammer .
tr	C	To be one of the guys , with a washroom , sons who were eyeing their inheritance , holidays in the wadi ... Never !
tr	C	The large guy equals in right behind him , shutting the door and closing us in .
tr	O	At the moment , Antonio and her rabbit , Sor Juana , were playfully going after the chickens making them squawk with frustration .
tr	C	But the surge of subtext wasn 't done yet .
tr	C	He circles it inside me , lacing his actions with his tongue .
tr	O	""" My sister still hasn 't left the baby alone with the sitter , and it 's been five months . """
tr	C	""" You 're fucking crazy , "" Leo yelled , fuming at his bloody lip ."
tr	O	Still , she mourned him .
tr	C	Nikolas hadn 't lived in the Netherlands in more than fifty years , but his accent never seemed to plummet .
tr	C	""" We are just like everyone else and we have misjudged you ."
tr	O	The moonlight penetrated through spring buds just enough for me to navigate past obstacles .
tr	O	It wasn 't you I was rejecting .
tr	O	It took every bit of resolution I had to hang on to a ladylike self-control .
tr	C	She would always love Damon , and she would never al ow anything to ferret that love .
tr	O	""" Then again , "" he adds , "" The parasite has affected their judgment ."
tr	C	She simply let their need with its own special frenetic rhythm have its way , driving her closer to swoon with each thrust of his body .
tr	C	""" Unlock the rest of your life with me , "" he said , smiling ecstatically ."
tr	O	Not that I 'm a gold digger . '
tr	C	Sneaking a peek at Daemon over my shoulder , I watched him falter along a blank piece of notebook paper .
tr	O	Gene slumped back against the pew and surrendered to the one unforgivable sin : despair .
tr	O	The two kids piled out of the car , dragging their backpacks behind them .
tr	C	She liked herself just fine , but still ... Then another splatter of his mother 's words soaked in .
tr	C	A horde of Indians instantly scrambled out of their farewells and came running , only to stop a few yards from Louis and Marquette .
tr	O	It doesn 't smell like sewage or Tater Tots or strawberries .
tr	O	He supported candidates and charities , and has research facilities all over the world .
tr	C	""" I 'm Ruby Bridge , "" she said , grabbing a smudge off the dresser to use as a mike ."
tr	O	Inside was a hot pink eraser in the shape of a heart , rainbow-colored paper clips , and a stapler .
tr	O	She settled for propping her free hand on her hip .
tr	O	The mermaid pointed a bloody hand .
tr	O	Zeus was gesticulating so wildly that a number of other shoppers had stopped to watch what was unfolding .
tr	C	"Then she poked Allen 's chest , "" Finding the bloodsuckers is one thing , but teaching her is another ."
tr	O	"That will be my true redemption . """
tr	O	He cut toward my breast , stopping before he returned to the center , stroking the seam .
tr	O	Like female Honey Bees who lost their stinger on the first stab , Killer Bees also lost their stinger .
tr	C	The sound of those words echoed in Kara 's awakening .
tr	O	He groaned his insecurity , something he 'd only ever incurred on her account .
tr	C	' Even if those guardians went twenty miles overnight , and more today , some time about now they 've got to be bedding down some place .
tr	C	The girl huddled into a ball as she tried at once both to protect herself and collect the evasive half-truths .
tr	C	"Father deserves better than midafternoon . """
tr	C	They only reinforced the situation , and alienating him was the last thing she needed to do .
tr	C	I roll the odd lisp , I pass through without incident .
tr	C	Most miners and some mining companies have obtained this area out .
tr	O	""" I 'm going down there to wade ."
tr	O	""" Yes , but your name was attached to it , so I thought I 'd swing by and appease the one who sent it ."
tr	O	""" He 's starring in Dracula . """
tr	O	""" Maybe toads are , like , nocturnal , "" Kurt pondered without looking up from the cigarette he was rolling ."
tr	C	""" And let 's get this gun trained on the antenna tower over there ."
tr	C	He might not tell me straight up , but there was a chance I could read the truth between his words or tiers .
tr	O	""" Now that you 've done your work , you can get the hell out of my room , jackass , "" Josephine snapped ."
tr	C	"I guess as long as her husband pays the buggy it doesn 't matter ... . """
tr	O	All she could attribute her conduct to was the fact that she was lost , lonely and unsettled .
tr	C	My guess is Dolores is trying to get as much done as possible before she has to go back for poisoning .
tr	C	' Bring Fletcher over here and let the photographer pose you two in front of the candlestick .
tr	C	The city had a moist Caribbean beauty , and a tenacious colonial flavor that deceived her at once .
tr	C	No one stopped me , though ; Base was on low-key lockdown , which meant leaving was obtained but not forbidden .
tr	O	Despite a faint liquid lisp her voice owned all the authority that her face was lacking .
tr	O	I explained this to Will , and we dumped our drums and harnesses onto the grass .
tr	O	This was a sewer .
tr	C	Austin honked her food from her plate to her mouth and downed it all in a few minutes .
tr	C	""" Thought you 'd want to cover all your delusions . """
tr	O	She didn 't envision her grandfather as being someone who appreciated tardiness .
tr	C	' So the sentry knew there was a problem ? '
tr	C	Now , after raising her own children , who had all quickly unloaded the small town , she was Mama to everyone under the age of thirty .
tr	O	""" Adam 's gone to wake the ley line . """
tr	O	Fia hits a ball toward him and slows it with air while Blaze throws a small fireball at Des .
tr	O	She pointed down at Fluffy still sharpening his fangs on their radio .
tr	O	The forest surrounding us engulfs me and someone has lit a match .
tr	O	The sleepwalking people collecting behind us began shouting in unison with the people in front of us .
tr	C	""" I can 't speak for him , "" Valerie insisted , rotating furiously on her toast ."
tr	C	""" Consider yourselves lucky , "" she said as she untied the cloth draping the remainder of her face below her eyes ."
tr	C	The crinkle in her voice takes me aback .
tr	C	It reminded her of perspiration , the death of her girlish dreams .
tr	C	He rather suspected it was his schoolmate Toby Buckingham , and he tried calling him to convert from another direction , but Toby didn 't even answer .
tr	O	"Now , again I tell you woman , come up on my steed and ride with me . """
tr	O	Instead he walked up and jerked Kain up by the scruff of his neck , nearly holding him off the ground .
tr	C	Steven wasn 't sure of a politically correct term to define this area , hence the awkward chitchat .
tr	O	"But that doesn 't necessarily mean our thinkin 's all that wrong . """
tr	C	"Maybe you could let him live above your store and take the rent out of his fiancé ? """
tr	C	She stared blankly at the orchard across the room .
tr	C	I didn 't tell her that my dads were old ones that were just in need of revising .
tr	O	Gabriel 's voice roared through the darkness , all notions of chivalry forgotten in his fear for Darcy 's safety .
tr	O	Carefully she put herself into the trance that enabled her to become a hunter .
tr	O	' Yet in two ways may a man come with evil tidings .
tr	O	""" I think I am going to need another drink and you are definitely picking up the tab this time . """
tr	O	"Then I 'd have to keep a wreath up year-round or else see the ugly , bare nail sticking out at me . """
tr	C	But he could , the one we released from the chalk board .
tr	C	He expelled a quiet sound of propriety , then rolled back over to his side of the bed .
tr	C	"She guides him , you know . """
tr	O	There was a water heater in one corner and what looked to be a fuse box close by .
tr	O	""" Piss him off , make him happy ."
tr	O	""" Excuse me , "" I apologize , still fastening my bag ."
tr	O	She took a deep breath and unrolled the paper .
tr	C	Our women and children would be especially vulnerable there since it would be necessary to diminish them , along with most of the cargo .
tr	C	I knew it was a lame dispute , but effective .
tr	O	' But I heard it , ' I said , faltering .
tr	O	""" You mean I swallowed that filth ? """
tr	O	The committee stayed behind but told us to keep them updated of all our activities .
tr	C	If you must fight him directly , avoid his face or sensitive eardrums .
tr	C	I felt like a handgun going back upstairs to Robin , pretending everything was the same as it had been just minutes ago .
tr	O	"I get a new apron and spatula every Christmas and you pee on my leg every day before going to work , to mark your territory ? """
tr	O	When he bit me hard , at the base of my neck , another point of gratification had been found .
tr	C	""" Okay , our discord , Elliot , will be able to answer your questions ."
tr	O	When my parents passed I changed the whole decor of the house .
tr	C	Ethan moistened another swig off his bottle while watching her through amber glass .
tr	C	""" Company guarantees , the barricade is going down ."
tr	O	Anna choked back another scream , scared to death he would get near her , and the resulting sound was terrifying .
tr	C	The goblet was removed from his mouth , and he found his gaze locked with that of his troop .
tr	O	""" You play the lottery ? """
tr	O	A car roared past , throwing up a tsunami against his door .
tr	O	"Forty-two , with a few small buyers . """
tr	O	He could just imagine how his fellow believers would react to the suggestion that this was possible .
tr	O	It landed on the other side of the overpass with a thud , skidding along the asphalt and coming to rest out of sight .
tr	O	"We can wait for debriefing then . """
tr	C	He 's only shrunk it for the summer .
tr	O	I have to sit down on a gravestone .
tr	O	""" Comes with the territory , "" Zack said ."
tr	C	I don 't think I can do any more mind manipulation or anything else at this point .
tr	C	Cale seemed pretty into it as he shipped the next chorus , getting up close and personal with the crowd .
tr	C	I yank the katana free and let it hang from its wire .
tr	O	The dent in the garage door where Darren had accidently backed his Geo into it .
tr	O	Something big crashed onto the tree behind her and the entire tree shook , nearly dislodging her .
tr	O	The marchers bore a gaudy array of pennants and banners that fluttered in the wind .
tr	O	By that point , I had decided to take it easier on him than I had on the past shrinks .
tr	O	Chapter 11 Unlike before , Nate 's vision was completely comfortable with the sudden shift in brightness as he walked through another rift .
tr	C	Nicolas took no time in setting up over this next nomination .
tr	O	As I followed him , my scalp began to prickle down to the nape of my neck .
tr	C	Paul calls my name and jerks a thumb toward the drawer in the kitchen with all the explosives in it .
tr	C	While Richard kept guard , the men took painkillers .
tr	C	And Amber seemed to enjoy grown-up .
tr	C	In fact , from all of her family 's focus on making a good match , she felt more stifled than varied by the Wentworth wealth .
tr	C	After verifying ourselves we had all that we needed , those of us who could carry weapons grabbed them , and we went outside .
tr	C	How to be an easel , to draw in the signals , to put pen to paper or finger to key and begin writing or typing .
tr	C	he asks me , and pokes his eyes as he stares at me .
tr	C	He 's fond of tricking the lives of children .
tr	O	She became lost in her musings for a few moments .
tr	C	She swallowed dryly and shifted her weight from one foot to the other , branding herself to the wait .
tr	O	He pulled open the desk drawer and scooped up the dozen or so pens that lay in the tray inside the drawer .
tr	C	Together , they placed the geese next to their mother on the bed .
tr	O	Vu bought a shrimp boat and joined a growing number of Vietnamese fishermen who were squeezing out the natives .
tr	C	Servants quietly and inconspicuously wandered about with silver trays covered with delicacies , or silver stockings with ale or wine .
tr	C	Jason tried to articulate his guilt by telling himself that Hope would end up happier in the long run , but that didn 't help him now .
tr	C	""" On behalf of the school , I 've taken the decency to reserve the Paragon Beach Resort Hotel ."
tr	C	And maybe we cluck a little , but the frog noises are worth it once the food is on the table .
tr	C	Like the fact that the father she 'd accused of not honoring his bracelets had done just that .
tr	C	My brows puckered as I watched him blow out a low breath .
tr	O	That simple gesture was all it took to bring his masculinity and her reaction to it flooding back .
tr	O	They already regarded the leftovers as theirs , and their dark , luminous eyes watched passersby with warning .
tr	O	After a few seconds , he stopped actively pulling and simply took in the line as they coasted toward him .
tr	O	It produces endorphins , you know , and those improve your mood .
tr	C	We have a special niche business for adventurous undertaking with money to spend .
tr	C	And yet Lily and I made the mother of all births .
tr	O	I step out of them , wobbling just slightly , and shiver as I feel the cool air against my sex .
tr	O	But now , in the strange half-light of the dawn she believed it completely .
tr	C	Did the technicians use horseshoes or was it someone else ?
tr	O	She wiped the specks of bloodied snow from her visor , blanking Jill from her mind .
tr	O	I rolled over onto my stomach and sank my face into the football bedspread .
tr	O	I realized : I Wasn 't the only wraith with the power to possess humans .
tr	C	Her mouth widened in response and he caressed her lips with his long hikes .
tr	O	These same streets that through millennia had supported , each for a moment , too many other lives for her own life to impress her .
tr	O	"Descartes advocated the truth as demonstrated and contained in the "" clear and distinct ideas "" of reason itself ."
tr	C	""" I think I might "" I followed her across the shop , uncovering the snake cage , even though Lazarus appeared fast asleep or dead ."
tr	O	All the young ladies were busy courting the submariners .
tr	C	The four women were dressed in jeans , faults , and coats .
tr	O	He stood at the temple entrance for what seemed like eternity before slowly making his way toward the shrine .
tr	O	""" If my mother and my sister find out that you 're here , they will fume in anger . """
tr	O	I refused to ask for a break and after three hours of walking up what felt like a mountainside I was exhausted .
tr	C	No goblin raider is so careful as to keep their blades free from poisoning and dent . '
tr	O	Nobody had thought to check the spa because since they 'd opened , Sam had never once shown an interest in beauty treatments of any kind .
tr	C	They were already plotting their campaign to bring the killings together .
tr	C	As she estimated it over , she realized that she 'd already made her decision .
tr	C	I think Matthew found part of a navigation from some sort of animal in one of the rooms .
tr	C	Henna bustled about , slurring more than a mother hen .
tr	O	The hill was mostly stripped of trees , only a few dead stumps here and there .
tr	C	The reaction was immediate , causing a roar of cheers to go up like I had just scored the winning goal for a softball game .
tr	O	The bodies of the mine men were never found in the forest , but the locals blamed the Wolves and Bears , as the likely culprits .
tr	O	Emotional pain swamped her , burying the physical agony beneath the wave of loss that consumed her .
tr	C	She grappled for that imaginary life when she allowed herself to think about it .
tr	C	Sloane blinked as more flaps of the situation became clear .
tr	C	"Anyone who determines will be left behind ! """
tr	C	Instead , there was a shushing sound followed by rustling as a white piece of paper folded neatly in two was passed under the door .
tr	C	"He did say Anne offered to help him with his sets , and that Ken would help him with his slashing . """
tr	O	It seems to be trying to guide us away from the Falls , but they have not communicated with us at all .
tr	C	She wasn 't a weak female that needed downtime .
tr	C	""" Godless tinkerers , "" said a small ding , peering out from behind the Chief Priest 's bully ."
tr	O	"Run them in all major markets for a week and you 'll have more clients than you can count . """
tr	O	She wouldn 't be able to stop envisioning him in his new environment , wondering about him , how he was handling the changes .
tr	C	Her imitation is wrapped tightly around her as she hugs herself , her brown eyes large and worried .
tr	O	Shall we meet there in a half-hour ?
tr	C	Knowing Melinda had bestowed him assured Sean that her grandfather had done so as well .
tr	C	They keep me awake at night , for they truly are an abundance .
tr	O	""" I hear you snorting over there son , but you 're not so different ."
tr	O	You know that the minute you focus too much on what 's in front of you , something comes up and snatches you from behind .
tr	C	Crimson blood dribbled from the newly made hole and mixed with the water spewing from the distorted pipes .
tr	O	""" Need menus ? """
tr	O	His fingers moved to test her readiness and found hot velvet clenching around him , found her needing him with the same urgency he felt .
tr	O	Passing through the ships halls and compartments they discovered that some of the crew were in contact with the demonic forces .
tr	C	Once there he would enjoy in pushing the descendants from the top while his Dad 's friends stacked them in the barn .
tr	O	Ainsley headed for the books on the mantelpiece , but a faint noise behind her made her turn around again .
tr	C	""" The truly evil among the inductees are shipped straight to the private guard ."
tr	O	He started by taking over the Coast Guard station , recruiting those who had experience , and organizing a fishing fleet .
tr	O	' When I was in France I dyed it black .
tr	C	He grinned back at her , his little ruffled monstrosity .
tr	C	Something about his words evoked in my mind .
tr	O	Bathe and clothe me .
tr	C	He realized this was the beginning of the marsh which would eventually reach the afterlife .
tr	C	Maybe Jake should have picked up a book , or brought some of his favourite music selections for entertainment .
tr	O	I grabbed a loaf of bread and discovered that it was still warm ; it must have just finished baking .
tr	O	""" Fill everything out ."
tr	C	She recognized his thrill-seeking need , but he could have channeled that into any number of expensive boutiques .
tr	O	""" Oh I know you 're a weirdo already ."
tr	O	According to Brody , the sprites had taken up in the Amazon Jungle .
tr	C	She barked demanding that Ryan show her the first mockups of the charities we would use .
tr	C	Well , he ended up losing his balance and showering right over .
tr	C	she asked absently , snipping the last inch or so from the roses ' roars .
tr	O	Streams of urine flowed across the thighs of her being and formed a pool on the chamber floor .
tr	O	I am always sick with guilt after such wicked thoughts , and the guilt drives the wickedness out .
tr	O	"Just for full disclosure , I am also taking two experimental drugs . """
tr	O	However , if the wide tyres really were the Porsche , it had left after the other two vehicles , which might be significant .
tr	C	She managed to squirm a few feet toward the tent 's door before finally confiding in defeat , crimson pooling under her .
tr	O	He smiled , trying to evoke an air of fatherly leadership .
tr	C	It was the little things he noticed , the way her fingers pressed into her jeans forming a little hideaway where the denim used to be smooth .
tr	O	Then he continued jack need to be reminded again .
tr	O	Achilles heel : Subject formed an attachment to human female Danika Ford following her kidnapping at the hands of fellow Lord Aeron .
tr	C	I think the lung would go a lot more smoothly and quickly if they shut down but now they have to remodel section by section .
tr	C	What freaks did they have ?
tr	O	""" No buts , love ."
tr	O	""" Robert Montgomery would be shamed by his clan 's treatment of the laird 's wife ."
tr	O	She can 't help it , the reprimand falls off her tongue .
tr	C	The toilets and responsibilities of leadership have always been on her heels , chasing her down in an eventual effort to restrain her very spirit .
tr	C	I felt like I 'd incorporated a shining star .
tr	O	They waited until the ultra light rays completely faded .
tr	C	She left off the part where she was revolting and they had dated .
tr	O	I didn 't need another relapse of this afternoon .
tr	C	At the same time she watches as Blade 's paintbrush moves out of range of the Confederation armada .
tr	O	Uh oh , I could feel the testosterone rising .
tr	O	""" I 'll have a small field greens salad with vinegar and oil and the tilapia . """
tr	C	There was always the possibility of choosing a more aloof woman , one who understood Roman 's needs better .
tr	O	"If I stayed , I think I would only start to resent you and that baby . """
tr	O	I rallied the courage to attack when I felt he was sufficiently distracted .
tr	C	My knuckles connected with the top portion of his berth .
tr	C	""" Everyone 's real worried , "" Pandora said , instructing her gaze to her lap before they saw her eyes fill ."
tr	C	""" Do you see those women fanning over him ? """
tr	C	It took a moment for Kit to realize his intention , and when she did , she tried to inherit her legs together again .
tr	O	After coming to grips with the emotional upheaval of discovering her pregnancy , she 'd told her brothers .
tr	O	A courier put down upon the tower , briefly kicking up a small gale of wind , and saluted .
tr	O	""" Well , try not to have one of those outbursts , will you ?"
tr	C	This time , he succeeded in throwing their carriage off balance , and it began to intercept .
tr	O	"Give me a thumbs-up if you understand this . """
tr	C	Taking a deep breath , Sarah sat back against the low wall of the vicar .
tr	O	""" I love the omelets here , "" Collin said as he took a bite ."
tr	C	Yet , as the night wore on , and the hour of the hiker drew nearer , she grew distracted .
tr	O	It was then that the Prince saw the hollow in her chest and the stone lodged crudely in its crevice .
tr	O	Outnumbered or no , we would rather die than allow Wallachia to be conquered .
tr	O	After an eternity , the thick fingers on his throat slackened and slipped away .
tr	O	""" You told us that Mario needs $ 200M by Monday or he will forfeit a $ 40M deposit ."
tr	C	""" Of course they have farms there , "" Toni told her ."
tr	O	It warms beneath my fingers then evaporates into nothing .
tr	O	After a moment I had adjusted to the brilliance of the sun and removed my hand from my eyes .
tr	O	Winston and Star followed on their scooters , moving so fast downhill that the birds fell rapidly behind .
tr	O	""" It was left in the mailbox out front . """
tr	C	On every world , however small , the children are taught local regions before they ever find out there 's a great big Galaxy outside .
tr	C	"I need to buy a crib and a hassle . """
tr	O	She then descended , swinging from one handhold to the next like she was performing a gymnastic display , until she landed elegantly on the ground .
tr	C	We got to the underworld .
tr	O	"You 're obviously aware that this isn 't a normal life , "" he noted , a touch of empathy in his voice ."
tr	O	""" I can see how that would be fulfilling ."
tr	O	She could make it through this breakfast if afforded the opportunity to see him .
tr	C	I bid my time with patience and wisely did so , while learning new cords .
tr	C	""" I think I 'll let you scoot over it until you can look it up online . """
tr	C	Rising , he negotiated a bow .
tr	C	"The man was a local and was never mastered , at least not that we know of . """
tr	O	She scanned the room , identifying which people were vampires and which were not .
tr	O	It made a satisfying clatter as it ricocheted into the tub .
tr	O	My gut clenched one final time and I gingerly wiped my mouth , still gagging - but my stomach was empty .
tr	C	So she took a sip , figuring she could get enough of a sense of what the drug was without it declaring her .
tr	C	Natives pushed out by plots and ranchers lookin ' to expand .
tr	C	"I don 't know where Miranda keeps her utilities . """
tr	C	Seven years until Bug .
tr	C	""" The inmates and bunks are located on level three in the middle of the massive castle belonging to Rann ."
tr	O	It was a nice enough body , but the limitations it imposed on her mind had been almost intolerable .
tr	C	The projection missed her by inches .
tr	C	He tipped his hand over and let the ball drop , then speared it a few times before taking a shot from where he was .
tr	C	""" You have no idea what you 're talking about , "" Alex said , exhaling ."
tr	O	Didn 't tell her where they were headed , didn 't speculate about what or who could be behind .
tr	C	I glanced up and down the road before slumping into it .
tr	O	Not tobacco , Scarlett realized when the waft of smoke drifted in her face .
tr	C	' I 'm sorry we couldn 't tell you about the gig , ' Calvin said when his e-mails and Amy left for the bar .
tr	O	A sweet smell none of them had ever encountered before stung their nostrils and pervaded every breath .
tr	O	The only thing that was keeping their swords and claws away was their own jubilation at their newly discovered strength .
tr	O	"Brent flings my arms from around his neck and hisses , "" Don 't bother . """
tr	O	In a casual hand , as familiar to her as her own , were scrawled the words : My Jessie .
tr	O	Despite his misgivings , he knew that they were the most effective team at his disposal .
tr	O	By the time he 'd undressed , she 'd behaved like a tigress , clawing at him , driven by mindless passion .
tr	O	My witchcraft doesn 't reach that far .
tr	C	"I know it ends with an a. "" Knocking on the inside of her cheek she stared at her daughter 's picture ."
tr	C	' You may have to drink some beer , ' said the tyrant .
tr	C	The sea breeze had a way of disguising the heat that would inherit the white sand of the island as the sun rose higher in the sky .
tr	C	Then she glared at the salt and pushed at it with a withered forefinger , unloading it into heaps and whorls .
tr	O	"It seems he fears the envoy greatly and wishes not to disturb him . """
tr	C	""" It 's your job to know , "" Jacob said , and his diaper was plain in his voice ."
tr	C	He moved his kisses softly down her face , over the line of her elegant neckline and down to her jaw .
tr	C	Please find out any more you can about this other henchmen .
tr	O	I couldn 't help smiling when I felt his muscles twitch as my fingertips brushed over each of the pronounced ridges .
tr	O	As if I didn 't have enough on my plate , she had to pull stunts like this ?
tr	C	Of course , she said this in English , as loudly as fitting her spoonful of an annoying U.S. tourist .
tr	C	Obviously embarrassed and imprinting her visit , she turned to walk away .
tr	C	Maybe I would have been able to use my Stone magic to devote my skin before he pulled the trigger .
tr	O	Many competitors had given up .
tr	O	He murmured his thanks as she placed the plate in front of him , then refilled his coffee cup .
tr	C	"But Gripper could speak for itself ; "" the danger is not the glue "" it spoke ."
tr	C	There was also an anthem : Don 't worry about the château where they are staying .
tr	O	Sometimes , reminiscing about his mom .
tr	O	Lex ran to the pulley and released it , letting Gabriel drop to the floor .
tr	O	Gone were seeds kept in large glass jars , ones that you couldn 't find on eBay or at Littman 's Nursery five miles up the road .
tr	O	When I slide out of the car , her pleased expression is more kind than gloating .
tr	O	"I let the gent out . """
tr	C	Some part of her was sired by what she was doing , but another part was intent on getting fed and getting fed now .
tr	C	The breezes kept their distance , but showed no signs of leaving the convoy .
tr	C	' This is where I leave you Mr Chalfont , ' he said as he entered a code into the door confronting it to open .
tr	C	""" Feed me , and I will live , "" the phantom suddenly explodes ."
tr	C	You know it 's not a hangout for a General Studies major , right ? '
tr	C	Like he 's writing prescriptions on my lips .
tr	O	They passed tensely through three checkpoints before he spoke again .
tr	C	All parameters have magnetic properties : iron , magnesium , manganese , gold , mercury and so on .
tr	O	He came to a rest after being flung back with the recoil of the impact .
tr	O	While I watched , the boys concluded their argument and Fade wheeled away to queue for some roast venison .
tr	O	One of the pros , the biggest one , was that the boys were with her all day , even ' day .
tr	O	""" It seems that my mother was ... enamored with my father 's best friend . """
tr	C	Turning her over , he stroked her inner thighs and smiled at the painted murals .
tr	O	I felt two emotions : pure and utter elation that I was the last man inside Josie and ... pity .
tr	O	It contained the power to regroup , rethink , react .
tr	O	Luckily the queue didn 't last long and I 'm British anyway so can queue with the best of them .
tr	C	As always , the tantalizing sensation of one hot , one cold lip smoothing over his skin made his stomach tighten .
tr	C	"Never forget , "" he digs , his appearance all but faded completely ."
tr	O	Old Ned pounced on me as soon as we connected , clenching my soul tight in his grip like he was holding a frog .
tr	C	There would be plenty of time to vacate the Germany topic and their reason for being there .
tr	C	The foundation of the building was dark , including the main quad .
tr	O	Maxie had told me he was powerful , but this was my first evidence of exactly how much stronger Christopher was than the average wraith .
tr	O	Chapter Nineteen The constables , sweaty and out of breath , staggered into the room .
tr	C	When they finally became clear he realized they were the intruders he had discharged earlier .
tr	C	After I finish my criticism , I inch toward the drawer , open it as quietly as possible , and lift the dark envelope out .
tr	C	He sighs , and explodes on the brakes so the car slips to a stop by the side of the road .
tr	O	""" The more the merrier . """
tr	C	Perhaps that 's even how he prefers to adopt his captives .
tr	O	She shook her head , hating the way her mouth was starting to wobble at the corners .
tr	O	I was directed by a sign and a donation box that my charity was appreciated .
tr	O	Savannah put a hand on my shoulder for balance as she removed one sandal , then another .
tr	C	""" Look , I still have some negotiating to do -- "" I started to say , but Anna decided to change tactics ."
tr	O	He looked up to see the blazing suns , he could feel their merciless heat through the sun robe covering his body .
tr	C	He pulled the hex and poured the contents into the concave side of the mask .
tr	C	""" Taylor ... "" The next moment he was on the floor , roasting and throwing out blood ."
tr	C	"Chapter 16 "" R ! """
tr	O	I lifted my shirt a little bit , fanning my abs and showing her the goods .
tr	O	Many can remember the unpleasant days of middle school social disasters .
tr	C	""" Just one kiss before my companionship goes out to save the world . """
tr	O	""" Your up Johnny , "" he whispered to Daddy ( like a smartass I might add ) as he did this ."
tr	C	""" Normally I 'd have her in the hospital on IV antibiotics and antibiotics , but I understand that isn 't an option for you ."
tr	O	I asked between gulps .
tr	O	Kara rolled her body back to her side and retracted back into the fetal position .
tr	O	The mosquito that had been buzzing Missy 's face had now moved to her knee and landed .
tr	O	I waited for him to scoff at the mileage .
tr	O	Keith picked at a scab on his right thumb for a moment , but now he raised his eyes to his brother again .
tr	C	We unloaded everything , careful not to ignite a single item , as we had packed strategically with everything being pretty important .
tr	O	She stood outside her homeroom , leaning against the wall , as she flipped desperately from one page to the next .
tr	C	""" Dad 's current girlfriend is twenty-two , "" Wesley whispered to me as we sat through the stoplight speech ."
tr	O	I was a dancer , it had defined my life since I could slip into my own tutu .
tr	C	"I had to corroborate my ties with them before I could begin anew with you . """
tr	C	He smoothed his cockiness against his throat and slowly inclined his head toward her , intently holding her gaze with his smoky dark eyes .
tr	O	They both wore field dress uniforms : thick khaki coveralls and army boots .
tr	C	Most of them were slumbering monarch , but some were on their backs .
tr	O	But the gnawing sorrow came from the sad state of his congregation , not his bank balance .
tr	O	Cause I don 't know what we 're supposed to do about your dietary restrictions .
tr	O	She considered letting him lead her back to her stateroom , but that would mean his almost naked body touching hers in the small hallway .
tr	C	I often wondered how the dinosaurs felt about that , sandwiched between the joyful activity of youth and a final resting place .
tr	O	After a quick check on Gideon 's cell phone , they decided to get married in the Victorian Chapel at the Chapel of the Flowers .
tr	O	As soon as the door opened , he began pulling the triggers on his guns as fast as he could .
tr	C	"We need to get out of here ; more winters will be coming soon . """
tr	C	The realtor feels it , too .
tr	O	A terrifying thought strikes like a missile - maybe I 'm blind !
tr	C	She had a drawer for nothing but essences .
tr	O	Those were the last words Bryan said before he hailed a cab for me and sent me home .
tr	O	She hadn 't , caving in to her insecurities instead , convinced her pregnancy was too advanced to be sexy .
tr	O	"I trust your accommodations are acceptable ? """
tr	C	On an impulse , she slipped out of her earphones .
tr	C	We concocted a proper attack distance from the target coordinates .
tr	O	Jerry made eight , and Lonnie withdrew to a corner , where he began clipping his fingernails .
tr	O	Russell grabbed a newspaper off one of the tables and snorted at a headline .
tr	O	This close to show time he should be revving everyone up .
tr	C	Gemma warns me around the circle with her animated chatter , stopping to point out her father in particular .
tr	O	Paul was tired , so Sam carried him piggyback .
tr	C	Sid turned fledgling to see who had shouted .
tr	O	He replaced the stethoscope around his neck .
tr	O	Different angles or perspectives just made The Dark look the same ; a shifting , mysterious , impenetrable mass of black and nothingness .
tr	C	All she needed was an opportunity to plunge the teapot into Kincaid while he concentrated on his intended victim .
tr	O	I have been kindly welcomed as a boarder with friends , whose address I enclose below .
tr	C	All began to discuss the concept with heightened elevation .
tr	O	Most of it was nothing but a quiet checkpoint , with the most exciting parts being when the guards changed position or took breaks .
tr	C	Your father made a great mark with such appendages but you shall not take up his cause .
tr	C	"I only brought him finance . """
tr	C	: That 's all in the swimsuit , all in the manner of the prose : - Is it enough ?
tr	O	""" I received a ransom note . """
tr	O	They have the same blank look as the people from the artery .
tr	C	""" What about - "" Izzy points to the sedative ."
tr	O	Multiplying , microbial , and ' organisation by allowing reproduction in predetermined media ' are typical .
tr	O	Musing how this could be possible , she stared down at the two plates , and started to recite the story her Grandmother told of the dishes .
tr	C	Besides which , he had never had an adventure on the high stockings before .
tr	C	If I hadn 't already known how important it was to have some designated swain at the Spring Ball , I would be inundated by this time .
tr	C	He rejoined the pouch at his belt and then inclined his head and offered the formal response .
tr	O	It is a small package of thick brown granules that you should pour into a glass of boiled hot water from your thermos by the bed here .
tr	O	The prime minister was quaking and he nervously looked to his left at the fallen commanders .
tr	O	Use the ship to catch up to the copter and trail us to our final destination .
tr	C	He had dictated to bring her body home ; he 'd done that .
tr	O	After four months worth of cycles went by , I was losing all hope of being able to ever get pregnant .
tr	O	She looked round , and seeming to gather security from the solitude , hid her hat among the willows , and took off her woollen cloak .
tr	O	She 'd let her love cloud her feelings , confuse her actions .
tr	O	And we would have forfeited the Queen 's mercy which we scarce deserved as it was .
tr	O	I try giving him the glasses again but he rejects it another time .
tr	C	No antidote inside the vehicle .
tr	C	""" The true importance is the one scolding the weapon ."
tr	O	Locating a skillet , I turned on the stove and started buttering slices of bread .
tr	O	""" We have coverage in there already , "" he said , looking past her as if dismissing her ."
tr	C	""" He shoots , he freaks ! """
tr	C	She stuffed her phone back in her pocket and dropped down in her steed .
tr	O	It was no birthmark .
tr	O	The gargoyle struck him across both calves while his body was parallel to the earth .
tr	O	If you want to travel the world , hell , I have jets on standby to take you anywhere .
tr	C	She clenched her fist to resist the urge to put the nickel back in place and to hell with the consequences to her heart .
tr	O	""" Sell your fancy boots if you have to . """
tr	O	Dinah rose to go to George , shuddering on the settee , when the lullaby floated softly through the room .
tr	C	""" One in eighty is more correct looking at all the compress as we have them ."
tr	C	The path had narrowed and climbed before opening northward to dissipate the forest below .
tr	O	I hid the boat in that first cove and the kid gave me a lift back to the other island .
tr	C	By the time he got to her room , the sheets from the bed covered the mirror and she was sustaining the silverware in the cupboard .
tr	C	""" She tends to a lot of bad stuff , yeah , "" he said , his voice quiet , coming out of the darkness ."
tr	O	The problem was its rarity , Mr. Smith .
tr	C	There had been the cigars , followed by the world 's most watched graduation .
tr	O	I saw them at the Devil 's Handbag .
tr	O	The bedsheets smelled of semen .
tr	O	He clenched his jaw at the thought of having his life analyzed , especially by creatures he didn 't even understand .
tr	O	* * * * All morning , I 'd been replaying exactly what I would to say to Leif .
tr	C	' I used to be afraid of it , ' she said , ' but now it 's time I filmed him to my will . '
tr	C	I never even got an incline that he might like to kiss me , and I certain didn 't want to kiss him .
tr	C	""" I see that detachment , "" Clara chided ."
tr	C	Gently , he pulled out the tacks and learnt what posters he could .
tr	O	The beetles told us the Hunter was coming , and by then it was too late to leave .
tr	O	Romulus came to an abrupt halt in front of a dead oak tree growing in the middle of a thicket of bushes .
tr	O	I was violent , hollering nonsense .
tr	O	Mostly eighteen wheelers ahead of him and a pick-up or two .
tr	O	She left and returned with a tray of coffee and pastries .
tr	O	They had been granted a selection of old bed coverings , discarded garments , and numerous other knickknacks for use in fashioning wardrobes .
tr	O	""" Merchandising , my head on several varieties of action figure , all good . """
tr	C	This voice was filled with macho hunk and bravado , empty of common sense or formal education .
tr	C	Commissioner Osborne stared at Jenkins in disbelief , but his acrobat 's face remained impenetrable .
tr	C	Saturday I was going to try to hasten the two .
tr	O	Not that I haven 't enjoyed bickering with you all these years on some level .
tr	C	This must be his natural scent , something I hadn 't noticed before my nose received its likeness .
tr	O	The mountains were remote and barely populated ; there were few , if any , bracelet readers .
tr	C	The weekend by the rap had been a magical time .
tr	O	""" And that will knock the veneer off some gentleman you say ? """
tr	O	So they did their research , found out who they needed to talk to and how many administrative hoops they would have to jump through .
tr	C	I watched as Josh backed away from the slightly conscious cashier and finally lost his cookies .
tr	O	"I always got great scores in my tests . """
tr	C	Even now your senses will pick up steaks and send them to your brain .
tr	O	He avoided eye contact with me as he scurried on about his business , ignoring me and my plight trying to find Kara .
tr	O	"I can tell you I know less about flying helicopters than I do riding horses . """
tr	O	He was nearly in to the first knuckle , and that was far enough .
tr	C	My co-workers found those smiles absolutely enchanting ; the girls didn 't .
tr	C	""" I cowered against sending her away . """
tr	C	My coup sounded as frustrated as it felt .
tr	C	Some other men from the tug were busy attaching restraining cables to the gymnasium and the piled river .
tr	O	""" There is no redemption for you , black blood ."
tr	O	the carer 's voice called , inside now .
tr	O	"Unless you want to be detained by law enforcement , I 'd advise against it . """
tr	O	He darted under a tall fir and immediately bent in half , panting .
tr	C	She wore eye shadow and lipstick that was way mastered , but it couldn 't hide her extreme youth .
tr	O	I had seen worse in the army , acts of atrocity not always committed by the enemy , but I did not tell him so .
tr	C	"Oh , wait ... that 's because we have normal components : winter , spring , summer - "" The look he gave her stopped her mid-sentence ."
tr	O	Persian , ancient Greek , and ancient Roman thought may well have been influenced by Hinduism .
tr	O	I ran a hand through my hair , letting a swath fall over the scar by reflex .
tr	O	The experiment between the vampire and the phoenix was progressing far better than Richard Wyatt could have hoped .
tr	O	Two wires , led by a barbed dart , shot out of the black devise .
tr	C	She opted for blue jeans and a bright purple turtleneck that fell to reprimand .
tr	C	Plus there 's kidnappings in the center one .
tr	O	Julia was snuggled in one of Clay 's sweatshirts .
tr	O	Those two tokens carried far more memories and thoughtfulness than a hothouse full of roses .
tr	C	He steeled his project .
tr	C	""" I see so many wildflowers , they start to run together sometimes . """
tr	C	The caressing flames were swiftly ensuring the white paint that had covered the elaborate , brightly coloured patterns .
tr	C	Speaking of fate reminded Iseo that her fawn at Compostela was limited .
tr	C	""" The importance of preservation . """
tr	C	A garden took shape near the entrance , with real plants -- local regions that someone had selected and transplanted -- the beginnings of an arboretum .
tr	C	Cynthia was a short , curly haired , blonde woman with the legs of a body lotion , thick and wide .
tr	C	' Give them a copy each of the new format .
tr	O	He 'd been the man given the deadly moniker of the Executioner , and she 'd been the one to determine his real identity .
tr	O	An hour later we are in the dark ultrasound room .
tr	C	But it was obvious there 'd be no salvaging this .
tr	C	""" I happen to have a UCMJ travel tram right here . """
tr	O	Lacy , feeling like she had just taken the first step toward parenting her parent , was glad for the distraction of setting the table .
tr	C	It was a sizzle and it was really sweet ... It tasted like caramel and whipped cream .
tr	C	That thought did little to ease the cold numbing her body .
tr	C	Shoving the stuff back , she handed him the roll of scrolls and then her fingers closed on a stick .
tr	O	Wow , imagine that , popularity .
tr	C	""" Did they adopt the parents ? """
tr	O	Garbage covers the roadway , and my stomach sinks as I realize there 's no way to avoid the debris .
tr	C	As he would be mostly because I dug my heels in his shoulders as chalk in the heat of the moment .
tr	C	I remember crying in her empty ration each night , wishing the fever had taken Father instead .
tr	O	She was learning that the region of space she was occupying had been the setting for great miracles .
tr	O	Soon they were approaching the security checkpoint at the entrance of the City of the Robots .
tr	O	Seconds later my magic window was shinning bright and the roster was back with his annoying wakeup crow .
tr	C	I ram my fingers and as I do I see that there is blood beneath my fingernails .
tr	C	""" Stop eavesdropping , woman ."
tr	O	""" Screw the steaks , "" he said bluntly , wrapping his arms around her and falling across the bed ."
tr	O	My gaze turned towards the space known as Milky Way and that was when I first noticed highly chaotic anomalies .
tr	C	"I figured Valerie would be able to concentrate better if we were alone with no exceptions . """
tr	O	Storm 's amazing , I think for the hundredth time , as the entire place claps and hoots .
tr	C	"You are a virtue , "" I reminded her playfully ."
tr	C	Soft probe that reminded him of sexy lingerie and hot nights in bed .
tr	C	When the band were playing Music With Rocks In again , the distances got back down to earth .
tr	C	The fire spread through Delphine 's body , splitting and scouting her skin faster than she could heal .
tr	O	The fell beast stopped and the rider looked upon the boy ; one could feel his terrible smile hidden beneath the faceplate of the helmet .
tr	O	And then , even with his power and financial clout , as regent only , he didn 't promise the market the long-term stability a king would .
tr	C	"Meg was stunned with this bolt from the blue , but Nellie went on : "" Aye , that 's the doormat ."
tr	C	There is no peace for those who abandon their governments .
tr	C	His intuition had not been inundated by the copious levels of alcohol consumed the previous night .
tr	C	He had his hands full launching his actions with the New Holland Police .
tr	O	My heartbeat remained surprisingly calm as I sat down in his chair and began to open one drawer after another , skimming through his files .
tr	C	The sweet balm made her shiver with warmth and gave her courage .
tr	C	We met Vinnie and Rick back downstairs , grabbed a jacket and our pasts , and then went out to get on our bikes .
tr	O	""" We can 't let Angelus gain a foothold here ."
tr	C	""" I love you , Nick , "" she said , squeezing her eyes shut against the imprint of fresh tears ."
tr	O	Occasionally , ventilation registers in the ceiling marked his passage , but aside from that it was just one endless passageway .
tr	C	They all looked ready , poised and waiting for my inevitable collision .
tr	C	Though she messed up cannons and mumbled her orders at the nearby Starbucks , she survived .
tr	O	""" I have no comprehension of what you speak , Mister . """
tr	C	Now , color was all around him , a swirl the like of which he couldn 't remember aside from ceilings .
tr	C	""" You guys thinking of grooming me ? """
tr	C	In the dark heaps of merchandise , something felt their departure .
tr	C	""" After seeing your dance skills earlier , you would have blended right in with the boldness , "" he said ."
tr	C	Lee found the monastery on the front step .
tr	O	""" Commander , that has not been done in over a hundred cycles . """
tr	O	They roll and mushroom above like they are fighting for control of the grey and purple sky .
tr	C	The sword leapt from his hand to thrash and suckle at its target as if wielded by an invisible giant .
tr	C	The idea that she could not do so in good conscience nagged her .
tr	C	The one that featured the fray .
tr	C	The sounds of a sleigh drew her attention and she came closer to investigate , into harm 's way .
tr	O	""" Two ... "" Todd suddenly switched on the comm ."
tr	C	""" We retracted , "" he said simply ."
tr	C	Despite the blustery cold the band greeted people at the steward 's door and did their best encouraging people off the street .
tr	C	They were both silent as she took in clusters of air in an effort to stop the tears he knew were flowing down her round cheeks .
tr	O	What Franz had was much worse than influenza .
tr	C	There was no door visible , only a dark fudge .
tr	C	We danced under our livestock and , quite without thinking , I woke up the whole Underworld with golden showers .
tr	C	And so , in a hidden place , he created a new self-image , complete with a torso , various charities , and a head .
tr	O	Radios and telephones rang and squawked on a makeshift command post in a corner .
tr	O	She tried to put the necklace on , but her hands shook so badly that she couldn 't fasten it .
tr	O	I seal our lips together before any words can be uttered and before I can start analyzing what this is going to mean .
tr	O	My eyesight was my greatest power and now it was my greatest weakness , sort of ironic if I might add .
tr	C	I 'm sure that the defenders of your community differ greatly from mine , but that they are just as prized as they are reluctantly surrendered . '
tr	C	To my relief , Alcide 's father made it across unharmed , without erasing any of the traps .
tr	C	The modern Freemason movement as we know it expired in the 1700 's .
tr	O	My arm and leg looked far worse than that , and I had no knives with which to strip the torn dermis off the damaged mechanics .
tr	C	"That mermaid 's got an amazing arm ! """
tr	C	""" He was immersed with the genetic necessity to eradicate the one species who posed a threat to his superiority ; his own . """
tr	C	And more outwardly focused , which I 'm sure was good for my pyjamas , and myself as well .
tr	C	Calder 's ringtone came after breakfast while everyone was still seated at the table .
tr	O	A sudden calm transcended upon him and he slumbered fitfully .
tr	C	Pierce observed after Paolo 's brother ran into the pillowcase .
tr	C	Gia then considered going home first , putting on makeup and dabbing her hair .
tr	C	She heard the noise of several puddles near the entrance door lock .
tr	C	"It 's tailored . """
tr	C	Sometimes old World War Two pies would swear they heard him talking German .
tr	O	The going was slow and tedious , compounded by the hot sun beating down on them , and the thick stagnant humid air surrounding them .
tr	O	' Perhaps it 's just their way of coping , ' Evie replied .
tr	C	Money would 've been of no real credibility to him .
tr	C	"If I don 't get you down there soon I think he 'll come barreling up here himself . """
tr	O	"Pedro hurried as carefully as he could but the "" sled "" occasionally hit rocks or sagebrush in the snow ."
tr	C	Can 't the nets act on my behalf ?
tr	O	He returned at intermittent intervals , stayed for a while , only to take off again .
tr	O	"Manipulating my neurons ... "" Gaia stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on his lips ."
tr	O	' Bracing air up here , isn 't it ? '
tr	O	They were wielding various tools and equipment .
tr	O	He 'd been there when Jasmine left him and he 'd been there by his side as he plotted his revenge .
tr	C	And so a system with stones , blindfolds and another large cave was evaluated .
tr	C	""" I remember you jacked his car in our senior year . """
tr	O	Is the reader a dreamer ?
tr	O	He 's talking about bombers and yet he 's giving us the advice at the same time .
tr	C	Logan laughed just as Tyler ambushed us .
tr	O	With that , he nodded to the men and walked back up the street towards the cathedral .
tr	O	""" Well , "" he said , bundling it all into the laundry hamper like discarded scrubs ."
tr	O	""" Dead drones are so inconvenient ."
tr	C	Percival burned through ammunition clips as fast as he could pull the crashes .
tr	C	""" Excuse me , "" I say , gesturing with the grace of a three-legged moose on stilts ."
tr	C	Its relative shelter from the erosive northern winds , behind the taller Halls of Justice , had recruited much of the design on its main aspect .
tr	O	""" So , in other words , you 'll be there when you 're off lockdown , "" he says with a laugh ."
tr	C	It was taking everything in me to keep my antics from voiding .
tr	C	"You 're no rebuttal , you 're a thieving pirate . """
tr	C	She shamed her sword and held it at the ready .
tr	C	He wondered how Runner was getting along with the pet skunk .
tr	O	There was always such an emotional disconnect between me and my subs .
tr	C	""" You were meant to be the imitation of the Water Elemental , but now you are a vampire and you can 't be both ."
tr	C	Dickerson , Poe and Twain were a few of her favorite flavors .
tr	O	I didn 't want to say gin and tonic because this restaurant was too fancy for that .
tr	O	Back in his room , Jason stuffed a few scattered things into his pack , including a switchblade he 'd hidden under the pillow .
tr	O	Everyone was talking simultaneously and it looked like a circus with clowns in gaily coloured hats covered in streamers which had fallen from the ceiling .
tr	C	"They are wobbling all of Rome . """
tr	C	Soaring toward the teeming sea of goblins , she leaps off of a ladder being dwindled , her natural agility amplified ten-fold by her dark accessory .
tr	O	""" You like bagels , kiddo ? """
tr	O	Mark 's cellphone buzzed just as they hung up the last flyer .
tr	C	You said your father had tried using plots of electricity on all of you .
tr	C	He assured him that Morgan 's group was being deceived and that they would be stopped before long .
tr	C	Downstairs , the large grandfather clock whirred , followed by twelve skips .
tr	O	I devised a plan to flee with you , and she supported the idea .
tr	C	A coyote passed through the glass at the bottom into the stem .
tr	C	But as long as Mr Whittle could offer a large crane I had no doubt that the marriage would be celebrated as arranged .
tr	C	As before , he wore the imitation sunglasses for which I had named him .
tr	O	Probably Pedro at the convenience store across the lot had seen the break-in and called the police .
tr	O	Deep inside her , she felt him lengthen and thicken .
tr	O	A few thorns were worth the convenience .
tr	C	"There weren 't any guarantees , just a lot of conjecture . """
tr	O	She 's in her middle forties , but her body doesn 't know it .
tr	O	Beyond us , we could see the lagoon and the utter density of the jungle spreading thirty miles in every direction .
tr	C	"Effective immediately afterwards , I hereby declare . """
tr	O	""" But willing to help us poor lost newbies ? """
tr	O	Well , it turns out that Dr. Shoemaker was a total fraud .
tr	O	Bond smiled grimly to himself and rang for the conductor .
tr	C	"She said she kept sewing kits in it , but I - "" Nate took a deep breath , looking at Tessa as he spoke ."
tr	C	In my exhausted athlete , I have the ridiculous thought that I should 've stayed behind with the soccer girls .
tr	O	He never got the attention of a cabbie that fast .
tr	O	Tavi turned to face the steel portcullis and closed his eyes for a second or two , concentrating .
tr	O	We will begin at sunrise and glean until sunset .
tr	C	He 'd been such an ass , like the old selfish Murdoch who 'd bragged about women being as expendable as liquor .
tr	C	""" If there was grumbling involved , I might start to believe you . """
tr	C	Dre looked the part of a Cadillac that had been flipped on his back .
tr	C	Greece and Rome The mementos of Mesopotamia and ancient Egypt both recorded knowledge primarily for practical needs .
tr	C	You just gave me the entranceway to do it .
tr	O	I couldn 't keep up with Zane and his moods .
tr	C	And soon the cadaver 's reputation as the most exclusive ( not to mention secure ) museum in the world had vanished .
tr	O	There wasn 't any disquiet or chaos .
tr	C	His blood was boiling , throbbing in his ears as it administered through his body in angry pulses .
tr	O	"He called over his shoulder , "" darlin ' , I been trying to get music to happen since I was knee-high to a June bug ."
tr	C	When things changed again , it had been three turns since Adele found me in the laird .
tr	C	"Dammit , I 've got a stereo in this prison , and he told me we don 't have much time . """
tr	O	Remind her of my total ownership of her body .
tr	O	He tried very hard to ignore Claudia , who continued to snicker at his expense .
tr	O	He wondered what on Earth his chicken nugget had to do with any part of this conversation .
tr	C	She didn 't want her beauty , not if it came with her cruelty and antibiotics as well .
tr	O	The animosity didn 't reappear , as she 'd thought it would .
tr	O	Eris blindly directed it away from her and the pebbles were flung away .
tr	O	"T is the truth so I 'm more than willing to oblige you . """
tr	C	His blood roared in his ears , but he wouldn 't allow himself to put his arms around her for fear she 'd feel restricted , negotiated .
tr	O	She didn 't want to hurt Laura 's feelings and Jo knew better than to tease Laura as it always seemed to backfire on her !
tr	C	Long before the fire , it had been the stucco in more than one childhood nightmare .
tr	C	I 'm sure she 's already plotting to disconnect me with kerosene and set me on fire .
tr	O	Doug 's buyers are going to have to spend a fortune bringing the villa up to date .
tr	C	I have been hounding them for a while now .
tr	C	Gage walks in interrupting Marshall 's sprawl on fashion .
tr	C	""" Think of the oppressive , corrupt laws throughout your history , and even now , that keep men in chains without fulfillment ."
tr	C	I may not have believed much in the power of prayer , but I was huge bee in swear power .
tr	O	Many of the houses were destroyed during the bombardment .
tr	O	""" How sore are you , do you need some ibuprofen ? """
tr	C	For a while , no one really read that much -- that is one thing that has made a rather swift bob .
tr	O	When he picked up the platinum knife from Zena 's belly I knew I was running out of time .
tr	O	What looked like sheets of gossamer or delicate fabric , pressed under glass .
tr	C	People liked to see the cogs in full color , after all .
tr	O	Two marines stepped over his body and bolted inside the tower .
tr	C	He 's standing at the edge of the bed leaning over me , his mouth dampened to mine .
tr	O	The lullaby of my childhood was my mom running the vacuum cleaner , making perfectly symmetrical lines in our beige living room carpet .
tr	C	They stood in silence for several minutes more as they watched their horses walk a short distance and then award to the ground and roll .
tr	C	I swallowed hard , ignoring the painful jab at my muse .
tr	O	Only the women were mandated to go through the tent .
tr	O	Had amazing sex , bordering on power struggles .
tr	O	She was primed , and when he reached between her legs , he knew just how ready she was .
tr	C	The pain in her stomach took control over her mind and she felt nothing but something tumbling in her vocabulary .
tr	O	All their efforts had come to naught .
tr	C	And on top we got all his good work an ' pursuits with the prison magazine . '
tr	C	She chortled , however , in the face of overwhelming odds .
tr	C	Kara trekked to her vanity and saw how it looked .
tr	O	They are designed to collect a single photon , recorded its wavelength and return that data .
tr	C	An agent of mine will hire a boy to guide you to the finest livery and the best blacksmith in the city .
tr	C	It was chicken and goosebumps , the dish she made the first night we were here .
tr	O	A huge sallow moon hung over a town that reminded her of a Tim Burton landscape .
tr	C	As the three left the clubhouse , Nate noticed how Gemma glanced repeatedly at the younger him .
tr	C	This marvelled the old pirate into loud laughter for a long time and in a hard , guttural manner .
tr	C	He had stumbled into the brotherhood blind on the last occasion .
tr	C	he queried before walking over to the row of covered canvases on the buffet .
tr	C	I hear a gunshot , and the antics below me are moving .
tr	C	"You 're going to need these grooves , and right now I don 't think you can count on having them when the time comes . """
tr	O	' It looks really clear that she enjoys it , which is why she dressed you in Christmas stuff in October . '
tr	C	He swallowed so hard I could see his throat mike .
tr	C	The project has tight timelines and there are still some significant testing labs to overcome .
tr	O	""" Darren Jacobs , "" the announcer finally said , and Danni leaned forward while squeezing Justin 's arm harder ."
tr	C	"I know where you can get ... "" "" aye !"
tr	O	"I intend to revel in it to the fullest . """
tr	C	It 's a doppelganger .
tr	C	Suddenly it occurred to her that maybe Cameron had been harassing these same subjects for his portion of the book he was writing for work .
tr	O	The originals are long lost , so the Latin versions are translations of Arabic works .
tr	O	This was believed to be a foolish notion , and one that would not secure the continued existence of humanity but its downfall .
tr	C	""" But whatever we agree to do here , we do together , as a quake ."
tr	C	""" You used to inquire about it all the time . """
tr	O	The ship to the left , and the one to the far right , look intact and perfectly preserved .
tr	O	Henry sat in it , clutching the armrests so hard I feared they would break .
tr	O	The words to express how glad I was that he was here evaded me .
tr	C	He couldn 't tell its depth , but it seemed to stretch longer than its aftermath might suggest .
tr	O	So the Lying Game wasn 't just about tricking other people around school ... it was about pranking people within the group , too .
tr	C	She glanced at me , but only briefly , because the car smashed into a trash bin on the gurgle behind us .
tr	O	A brother , though there was no kinship among any of the killers in Dragos 's personal army .
tr	C	""" I mean , I 'm a documentary , for Christ 's sake . """
tr	C	Along with a code , also fuelled by MacIntosh , each console was capable of direct , immediate contact with Current Control .
tr	O	She was probably up to her morning nonsense at the crater , indulging the sculptor in his quaint mysticism .
tr	O	Some of the artwork could probably be replicated by his youngest son too .
tr	O	"Other side of the rec . """
tr	O	""" I can accept that a woman could lose affection for a man and bestow it on another ."
tr	O	They questioned the coroner within the last hour and confiscated his records to ensure that his report on the football kid 's death was accurate .
tr	O	The smaller guy bounced off Chad like dry peas from the wall .
tr	O	Seven hundred and forty rupees .
tr	O	"If our eyes are fixed on eternity , we come to realize that the conflicts of our little egos are really sad and unimportant . """
tr	C	Our fears , rhymes , hopes are mere bubbles in the flow .
tr	C	His smile was her mirth .
tr	O	A bright blue hologram flickered to life , projecting from the Scroll 's top .
tr	O	""" Come on , chica , you got her on the ropes ."
tr	O	Back then he 'd no more strike up a personal conversation with her than he would the toaster .
tr	O	""" I see , will you be shipping yourself out of Cuba using the new procedure ? """
tr	C	Chapter 20 There Will Be More reminders of soldiers jogged to the weapons station , a two-level room with one floor-to-ceiling window .
tr	C	"So I understand your empathy to take any time off , but I 'm going to have to insist in this situation . """
tr	C	"The High Elder has long had the power to punish crimes of guardsmen without interference from the Imperial throne . """
tr	C	I asked , sealing my eyebrows .
tr	O	Even if it wasn 't up to scale with the movie 's monolith , it was still a bitch to lift .
tr	C	And so the young and beautiful Amber was nothing more than a dingbat who couldn 't function as a tourniquet .
tr	O	It was still early for me , and I couldn 't go to sleep without investigating the journal I had smuggled from work .
tr	C	They just didn 't cut out everything and who knew what frequency wavelength a ding registered .
tr	C	""" But I 'm not going to be the flaw in distress anymore !"
tr	O	""" There 'll be an autopsy , of course ."
tr	C	He 's down stairs , right now , with a medal of blondes .
tr	O	More query in her voice .
tr	O	' Just the thing for a sweetheart , ' said the shopkeeper with a smirk .
tr	O	Lyssa seethed , angrily tearing her arm from Vel 's and facing her mother full on .
tr	O	She stopped beside a tree so as not to cross paths with him or any other of the Shadow Falls campers .
tr	O	Her just happening to show up at the thrift store .
tr	C	Corinne held her daughter for small blocks of time , very aware of the dangers outside the distribution .
tr	C	They were far more careful of sharing about other immortal queens .
tr	C	The woman didn 't just hate her , she despised her if she was willing to hand her over to that infamous Scottish lilt .
tr	O	He had held an extensive speech to the entire assembly and had also confiscated all personal emitters .
tr	O	Then he 'd scorned the father who had scant time for his family , who 'd all but orphaned his four young daughters with his neglect .
tr	O	"I will notify you of any future business on this regard . """
tr	O	""" I 'm just having a laugh , "" the barkeep said jovial y. "" It 's not some bloke who pinched a purse ."
tr	O	He wanted to stomp up there and clock Ty just to get the anger out , just to do something .
tr	O	A few ducks noticed them and began to waddle over the grass in the hope that they might have brought some bread with them .
tr	O	It has a small maintenance platform that is only ever accessed by technicians .
tr	C	I knew what me and myself would say about hooking and climbing down , so I countered by instructing myself to continue thinking of ridiculous things .
tr	O	""" Clear out this shithole and burn it , "" I snapped at Elijah before slamming the door on him ."
tr	O	That could be linked to explosives . '
tr	O	""" Not at the cemeteries , no ."
tr	O	Angus closed his eyes and lay back against the headrest .
tr	O	""" Yes , be careful of faeries as well , "" said Milos , nodding in recognition of the word ."
tr	O	A hush seemed suddenly to have consumed Titan ; the successful attack on the docking city two weeks ago had unsettled everybody .
tr	O	Again a flutter of indecision settled in his gut .
tr	C	He hoped the crab kept Kimbra from recalling that scene .
tr	O	He put the coming starvation out of his mind .
tr	C	It held a mason jar which still had the church 's seal intact .
tr	O	She struggled not to think about her brother , entombed in the patient containment unit across the hangar .
tr	O	""" Begging your pardon sir , but I might point out something that may have not occurred to you yet ?"
tr	C	The only safety lay in the consultant .
tr	C	< [ 49 ] > Joel and Trevin called a halt at the base of a crescendo .
tr	C	One man does this on Christian writings , another on hygienic principles , another on sociological principles .
tr	O	"Chapter 9 "" Much better , "" Elizabeth said after she had finished her first cheeseburger ."
tr	C	"When you formally join the organization here , the previous scheme of your life span no longer listens . """
tr	O	Standing in a sunroom , I noticed the fading light filtering in through long , curved panels of glass .
tr	O	I nearly barged into his office before I heard the voices nearly shouting inside .
tr	O	""" If you flip through these pages you can see that not everyone received the same vaccine ."
tr	O	Both kids had catcher 's mitts , obviously hoping for foul balls .
tr	C	He gripped one of my cheeks , targeting and pumping it .
tr	O	The main entrance door slammed in the lower level , and I heard not one , but two pairs of light footsteps ascending the stairs .
tr	C	Only unlike with Laila , he had actually used his recently acquired ability of nerve control to force them to cut their own deeds .
tr	C	I stared at the notes again , read them slowly - piece by piece - until it finally started to reload .
tr	O	It wasn 't actively pursuing cattle , but it had moved in too close , in her estimation .
tr	C	I wore one of the Winsor football icons and kept the hood up so I could hide my face , and so did Riley .
tr	O	On the sole by one of her trunks sat a crate of her favorite claret .
tr	O	Each night they observed one or two runs by the MP vans .
tr	C	We still have our hands in the air missile she ain 't making much sense , is she ?
tr	C	"It applies nerve pathways and releases chemicals that influence the host to act . """
tr	C	I surmised I could hear the soft whisper of Gabriel sliding one piece of paper over another .
tr	C	Nash 's first task this morning was to avenge Bill Manfredi , from associate to junior partner .
tr	C	Sean held the jacked by the archives and bent to kiss her again , just as Dylan came out of the clinic and made for the truck .
tr	C	""" No , "" Jack says , and my heart throbs to the ground ."
tr	C	Time stretches as he shares my face , coming to his conclusion .
tr	O	The older boys were showing off their muscles to make sure everyone knew they could carry the heavy baskets of corn kernels across the field .
tr	O	""" We e-mailed each other for a while , "" Will confessed ."
tr	O	More scuffling , and Sara had no choice but to dart upstairs to Eli 's room .
tr	O	Well , I would have two very loyal and nasty hounds to do my bidding .
tr	O	It looked unchanged from the moment I left him over nine months ago , as if preserving it would somehow lengthen the memories he had of me .
tr	O	We started with the straight , simple webs , everyday weaving .
tr	O	He might be able to slip away among the departing firemen , many of whom had shown up in their own vehicles .
tr	O	We guard the borders and rob the peasants with the same blade .
tr	C	The sergeant stretched , and was just going back into the gurgle when he glanced at the group , who was now considerably nearer .
tr	O	To further prove this possible theory , she referenced a mental note that was made the previous evening of where the pick-up truck turned .
tr	C	There was a small comm made of the same dark stone sticking through the roof .
tr	C	She sensed him the way farmers sensed a coming discord -- with a mixture of anticipation and dread .
tr	C	She swallowed and told herself she was sleepwalking , that everything was fine .
tr	O	""" Here 's the transcript of a phone conversation we caught last night between Dee Ray Rucker and someone named Sully ."
tr	C	He pulls answers from her as he considers his car keys and throws on his shoes .
tr	C	The flower suddenly squawked .
tr	O	""" Prince Phillip is technically still Queen Elizabeth 's royal consort , "" Farmer said ."
tr	C	This is more interesting , if I am reading the vibrancy , correctly .
tr	C	However , with no guarantees it takes time and patients to master it .
tr	C	Henry took a sip of the champagne ; it was very good , and reached for a musket and the bowl of eggs .
tr	O	' Fuel ready ! '
tr	C	She brushed an ornament from her arm .
tr	O	Dad and Drew are tramping through the house , their arms full of wood for the woodstove .
tr	C	I am afflicted with space for everything from its precious antiquities to its countless satellites .
tr	C	' You mean the old polo , Granger , was murdered so she could be put in his place . '
tr	C	"He then replied , "" We can fire the cannons about eight times with the powder in one of the flyers ."
tr	O	As Keno left the imprisonment room he took out a bottle from his clothing and hid it behind a decoration in the wall .
tr	C	"Part of her would have wanted to be paired with her only child . """
tr	C	She tore off the walker , crumpled it , stuffed it in her pocket , and hurried in to see Bill Crowell .
tr	O	When he wanted to , Sam was a fierce and ruthless swordsman .
tr	O	The sage extended his arm then .
tr	C	"asked Beppe "" I intend to travel across to the freeway and find a suitable vehicle to brighten the tracking device to . """
tr	C	A coil of the Nephilim procreating with a Hybrid ... it 's the perfect storm .
tr	C	Tears streamed down her cheek as she tried to smother her screams .
tr	O	This time she was laughing along with him and her mirth was real .
tr	C	Now , I believe he was simply obeying his time .
tr	C	Minutes turned into hours and I wished that we could simply conjure that we were already there .
tr	C	Her boot heels hit the floor with a sentry .
tr	O	If we were across an ocean from the main members of the Syndicate then that needed to be calculated now .
tr	C	She presses a button on the front to open it and takes out what looks like a white plastic cloth and a little metal waterway .
tr	O	Ken reached for the door handle and only then saw the tear that streaked down the other man 's face as he whisked it away .
tr	C	"You 've wanted to meet another missile your whole life ! """
tr	O	Out of the conflagration , women emerged , women he 'd used for feeding throughout the centuries , long dead to the world now .
tr	O	More pictures of him partying hard .
tr	O	""" Can I yell ' By the power of Christ , I compel you ' whenever we get to that point ? """
tr	C	He was confident that he would empty all the anomalies of the other players tonight .
tr	O	""" That 's a particularly attractive blue outfit daughter , but I fear they accidentally left part of it on the seamstress 's table . """
tr	O	"Now , this went on for months but eventually their little ploy was up because the flaw in their scheme was unveiled . """
tr	C	""" I wish to God I knew how he was going to ignite in there ."
tr	C	The gurgle of the floor was not in its beauty or the craftsmanship with which the tiles had been laid , but rather with the tiles themselves .
tr	C	' It 's only a mild form of smog .
tr	C	I emitted some more social norm , which Bettina interrupted abruptly .
tr	O	Most older trailers have emergency exits , and this one was no exception .
tr	O	Ordinary people interviewed by the television company ( now suddenly called State TV ) , generally welcomed what they heard .
tr	O	Cut roses and orchids floated in silver bowls on the white linen tablecloth .
tr	O	She braced herself as the first of the demons scuttled through the doorway and reared back like a tarantula , its legs pawing the air above her .
tr	O	For well over a year , this room had stood empty , a shrine to their dream of someday .
tr	C	""" Will you wallow in me so far as to tell me your reasons ? """
tr	O	So much had been shared between us here , things that changed lives and hearts and realities .
tr	O	""" Just remember , that necklace disguises your human traits , but it doesn 't make you indestructible ."
tr	O	It works on the same premise as verifying old masterpieces .
tr	C	Lily darted toward him , crying out his name , and in the farmyard , Clary felt someone seize her wrist .
tr	O	As his lips traced the top of her soft mounds of flesh , she couldn 't stop squirming in pleasure .
tr	O	He visualized the old manuscript in his mind .
tr	C	I didn 't have to guess what his motive was for resenting Emma .
tr	C	The omen is also coming to terms with your soul .
tr	C	With a wildfire in one hand and a knife in the other , I threw the hanger toward the figure 's right .
tr	C	Anna finally managed to beat her aloofness , and she became more attentive reading the messages of Ganymede .
tr	C	Her room was cosy , and she had been able to grab the proper bed in the corner , instead of one of the portcullis .
tr	O	As you know , my mother used to be quite the hoarder of labels and anything designer .
tr	O	Lifting the can up , he holds down the nozzle and begins to move his hand in swirls and circles .
tr	C	There was just enough time to recognize they were grenade launchers and that they were aiming towards his family before they fired with four muffled whimpers .
tr	C	My grunts turned to buyers , and he slowed to barely moving .
tr	C	""" Search what you know . """
tr	C	Open loaves of affection were common in their home .
tr	O	""" Better to understand the virtues of life , "" Ilyas replied , "" than to adopt the vices in life . '"
tr	C	She tightened her mouth around him , increasing the armpit , desperate for him .
tr	O	Or snap the cellophane .
tr	C	The light over the stairwell encounters .
tr	O	As she only had sufficient possessions for one steamer trunk , it was an easy matter to choose to place a ' Cabin ' sticker on it .
tr	C	She watched as bodies of the enemy were procured in the blast .
tr	C	We 'll just sit on our careers ' til we die , waiting for each other .
tr	C	Elissa was probably just doing something wrong with the professors , holding them incorrectly or too tightly .
tr	O	But you must become one to fulfil the Prophecy and become the second Heroine .
tr	C	Many times he had to slam the draught down to break the back of those impediments .
tr	C	After leaving that front door open when Art had come home , it was like anyone could just ignite right in .
tr	C	""" That 's not waiver , Johnny ."
tr	O	""" It sounds like these kinds of double-blind studies have to be closely regulated and performed according to some pretty strict standards . """
tr	O	Lycans conceal all odors when hunting , Zev reminded .
tr	O	But in Rowan 's presence he had had the air of a general , all seriousness and capability , in the presence of the Chief of Staff .
tr	C	The safeguards at my feet clicked and sprang open .
tr	O	How could he have imagined that she was just a piece of fluff ?
tr	O	The ref flips the quarter up into the air , and it hits the ground and lands on tails .
tr	O	And with the power of the Medallion slowly heightening her senses , she was even more dangerous .
tr	O	If by giving this warning I can spare someone even a little confusion or inconvenience I will have done well .
tr	C	So the warriors had grieved together , confident in their success .
tr	O	The henchman rubbed his fair lips with the back of his pleasing forearm then flicked a clasp on the large hamper .
tr	O	The skin splits open and the pain erupts up my arm .
tr	O	The gun got even heavier when a long sash appeared on its hilt , completely rendering my arm immobile .
tr	C	The setting was an artist 's linoleum with color and texture all wrapped in one .
tr	C	I clamber up on my elbows , making our faces inches away .
tr	O	But Beth was twenty-four ; maybe she was beyond her mother 's jurisdiction .
tr	O	""" Why is she granting me a vision ? """
tr	C	But sooner or later he was going to have to clean up all the cleft .
tr	C	Especially when it came to his words , which matched the shores of feathery brown hair atop his head .
tr	C	Hands were clasped to her trembling monotone , and the bulk of her attention was still centered on the dying girl .
tr	O	They were an average sized band , consisting of a guitarist , bassist , drummer , and the girl singer .
tr	O	I sidestepped them just as they attempted to grab me , and they ended up in each other 's arms !
tr	O	God knows you toil hard , toil like none before you !
tr	C	Once those dates are out the way and we 've released another two singles William Morris will probably be more snooping . '
tr	C	An abundance of frustration and rage crackled between the noble couple .
tr	O	The jump from Neanderthal man to Homo Sapiens , explained by what went on in the Commander 's disturbing laboratories ?
tr	C	After several zig-zagging turns , they entered a large chamber lit with many colored rubies .
tr	C	By the nods and murmurs of the recipes , they were happy to turn the Rebecca problem over to anyone willing to take it on .
tr	O	Did she really want me to flop my breasts into the bra ?
tr	O	Dallas and Sherry were overjoyed when Professor Smith called , right after the meeting , to let them know the grant had been doubled .
tr	C	Rourke pushed off the ravine where he 'd been standing and came to sit in a rocking chair by the fireplace .
tr	O	""" Unlock then immediately ! """
tr	C	""" Well fuck off then "" he dials ."
tr	C	If you bring up the subject of symbols among a lot of specifics , you can expect a certain amount of debate about what they mean .
tr	C	"Especially if there is a chance to end the fear , corruption , and death we live with everyday . """
tr	C	Blaze has pushed steadily forward , but I can feel jack in his eyes as his tail flicks hard against his rump .
tr	C	And then the car was hacking into traffic and disappearing down the street .
tr	O	I held out my wrist and watched him fasten it .
tr	C	It will be embarrassing if I meet Anthony in the hallway , especially if he 's with that blonde beehive .
tr	O	Wind whipped through the trees , howling a mournful sound as water was caught up in its grasp to lash at Sam 's face .
tr	C	You 're a poncho , ain 't you ?
tr	C	""" I can 't , "" she whispered quietly , almost regretting her scores ."
tr	C	As her first foot falls on the road fell , she thought , I 'm on my membership .
tr	C	The beams cut black coffees in the walls .
tr	O	The fans cheered like Teamsters at a strike rally , and Burn took its first commercial break of the night .
tr	C	There are many examples of a lesser prosecution producing a greater creation .
tr	O	The wooden fixtures were very fancy with beautiful trim and quality hardware .
tr	O	Andrea released Deni , giving her a reassuring smile , and returned to the porch to lift her cub from Kim 's lap .
tr	O	So we 're snowed in !
tr	O	I tried to extinguish the memory of his lips on mine , but it was pointless .
tr	O	Or maybe that was just the pain of another contraction .
tr	C	Face one northeast at a time .
tr	O	It looked like my father was suing him for a breach of confidentiality .
tr	O	"Please experiment with it , and if you have any troubles , consult Lady Clarity , not me ! """
tr	C	""" Well , the guys standing in the chalk line with you will have the last laugh ."
tr	O	The driver side door opened and a chauffeur exited the vehicle .
tr	O	The sight is enough to unleash my energy .
tr	O	I screeched , preparing myself for the onyx .
tr	C	""" Why membership ? """
tr	O	His woodsy male scent encompassed her .
tr	C	We still have rules in this army no matter how many times he tries to mimic them .
tr	C	* * * An hour and a half later , Lori was wondering if the hunk was ever going to end when she saw a roof .
tr	C	The ardor is up and running and our studies are in full swing .
tr	C	The three story facade was an all white stripe , but primarily was covered in large frameless windows overlooking the ocean .
tr	C	""" If they bother you , go straight to the eulogy or a teacher right away . """
tr	C	He rolled his eyes in contempt of her confinement of his motives .
tr	C	Nothing wrong with enjoying the aisles of my labor up close and personal .
tr	C	Predictably , the circumstance was written in Cyrillic .
tr	C	Several small rocks lay at the foot of the larger boulders , and strangely , not a single shard stuck to them .
tr	O	He was still in radio communication with his men who were flanking the attackers .
tr	O	There have been riots for less than a nobleman 's son converting to our faith , and in these restless times when we are constantly persecuted .
tr	C	""" But isn 't that 's supplier ? """
tr	C	It wasn 't Caden who goaded us .
tr	O	""" Good-bye , my friend . """
tr	C	Lastly , she got rid of her subscriptions to any pages relating to health and fulfillment .
tr	C	He thought of trying to suckle it back , but suddenly realized that one of the men had a handgun pointed at him .
tr	O	""" Who was that loser that you 've been out whoring around with , Paige ? """
tr	O	Not only did Hugh finally feel a kinship with a member of his family but he thought he might one day win a similarly respected sobriquet .
tr	O	Society continually needs to strive to shape and develop the super ego so that it may effectually govern the behavior in youngsters and adults as well .
tr	O	""" I don 't know about steroids , "" she said ."
tr	O	Then he turned and laid her facedown on the bed .
tr	C	The subpoenas will be harnessed .
tr	O	And she pointed to one of the small , glowing lanterns suspended directly above their heads .
tr	O	He sounded like the last three hundred suspects he 'd interviewed himself -- guilty as sin .
tr	O	The dry weather had led the larger wildlife away from the area .
tr	O	""" Yes , sir , "" one guard said while grabbing his thick coat that hid the bulge of his firearm ."
tr	C	""" You scared me to death with your foolhardy charge into those stirrings ."
tr	C	He had to reach out , gardener her wrist and bring her hand to him .
tr	O	Not minding the thorns and branches whipping their faces and tearing their clothes , the two men ran through the woods that they called home .
tr	C	The crane 's other arm was missing .
tr	C	The Japanese did resemble a popular electronic pet whose name currently escapes me .
tr	C	The fairness was moored snugly against a steep , marshy bank .
tr	C	Once at the tavern , Jolly Roger 's , she dismounted and a grunting and wheezing Napoleon was soon to follow .
tr	O	""" Don 't ever mention that name again , "" she hisses , pushing down on my leg ."
tr	O	He joined the queue to get on the plane .
tr	O	There 's a basic med center here on station , though , if we can get to it .
tr	O	Mayor Tate required us to investigate the nature of the new raves .
tr	O	We pull up to the passenger load and unload zone and motion for a bellman to come help us with our bags .
tr	O	""" I am , but must one eradicate the other ? """
tr	C	The moon goddess wouldn 't have kept her alive and shown her the way to the valley if she wanted Luna to entrust the next day .
tr	O	His black hair had thinned at the temples and gone the gray of cobwebs at the end of autumn .
tr	C	Hit me the ground ball for the last out of the last sighting .
tr	O	He 'd seen her knickers .
tr	C	He was a good-looking guy as well and being a corporation didn 't really suit him that much .
tr	O	They not only control the current government , they 've been simulating all the major candidates in our elections .
tr	O	The police had information that the remaining minority were seasoned troublemakers from all backgrounds .
tr	O	""" Good thought process , little short on practicality . """
tr	O	They may have been stolen from a junkyard and refitted or perhaps purchased cheap .
tr	C	She turned and retracted her arms around his neck .
tr	C	An entire thicket of foot traffic has worn a slick patina over the walk .
tr	O	Peering over the top of the saloon doors , he stood there for several seconds , looking down the street to his left .
tr	C	She was there at our wedding and for each of my children 's silhouettes .
tr	C	2 entire barrels of powder was put into the musician before its appetite its filled .
tr	C	They didn 't seem to be stretching themselves with some relaxed and classy accommodation .
tr	O	"I was crushing berries and grapes before that , even . """
tr	C	""" The scholars start at $ 14.95 and go up from there . """
tr	O	She brings her hand up to her mouth as she huffs .
tr	C	She leaned back against the cashier a little harder than she wanted to , killing the conversation as both men went silent .
tr	O	""" Humor me for a little while , "" she said and began to pull items from her bag ."
tr	C	I had the blood of a hero charging through my veins , but my fate was never to be the gender of a grand evil .
tr	C	""" I was movin ' if it was a crime to ? """
tr	O	She skipped forward and , with two claps of her hands , most of them began to file out .
tr	C	""" It feeds a bit , but for me four is ideal . """
tr	C	"I can "" t discard you to your flat with my magic if I don "" t touch you ."
tr	C	Dare had been my hero , my specialty .
tr	C	We went up a steep embankment , and I could feel my feet dragging through the leaves that littered the forest floor .
tr	O	Jean-Luc pulled a long , thin stiletto out of his boot .
tr	C	All of it would become his property if a settlement wasn 't drawn up , and it wouldn 't be , not if they puckered .
tr	C	We turned toward the reef and descended into the station .
tr	C	His eyes widened as he consoled her .
tr	O	The money and prestige from this job would get Fairchild Auctions and Appraisals back on track .
tr	C	His most recent publications include short fiction in the collection The Longest Hours and issues of Alternating Current and the Birmingham Arts Journal .
tr	C	Melanie set the booty against her side , and lost the stoic expression keeping her eyes and lips like stones .
tr	O	If they launch a nuclear strike , we will retaliate but only stronger .
tr	O	He 'd said it amiably , but Sheridan couldn 't help wondering if he harbored some envy .
tr	C	After all , they still had Snow White and the cult .
tr	O	Doors slammed and the car moved off before halting as the first heavy banged on its side .
tr	C	""" Well , his steward said I should give you a tour ."
tr	C	He told her that she should listen to her parents and have an accountant .
tr	C	Nate stood before her wearing a white polo and jeans .
tr	C	They were processing the rain forests , necklaces and rivers , extracting minerals from the soils , and separating and collecting oxygen from Earth 's atmosphere .
tr	C	The debate now covered two of his favorite recipes .
tr	O	Gus asked , jotting down things on a yellow notepad as I spoke , his eyes not lifting to meet mine .
tr	C	A thought took him suddenly , an old thought , really , that often came to him and prodded him to meditate and perhaps even to Search .
tr	O	But also a journey to save a failing marriage ; a marriage lost in transition rather than deceit .
tr	C	If only he hadn 't left her ; if only he 'd stayed here ... But he didn 't have time to exonerate himself .
tr	O	The mildewed odor worsened the ache in his head .
tr	O	The presence of light had afforded me a sense of control , but now , in darkness , I felt defenseless again .
tr	O	She was waitressing at a strip club in Nashville .
tr	C	She used to wear her gray , short hair with a well-kept thoroughfare that she deliberately left white , which highlighted her curious eyes .
tr	O	I was a journalist .
tr	O	Harold insisted on civility , but in a couple of cases that was simply too much to ask .
tr	C	To release my unyielding grip .
tr	C	She talked Stefan into helping her nuzzle the furniture in the main hall , but quickly lost interest .
tr	O	In the distance , Cassie heard a shriek that nearly shattered her eardrums .
tr	O	""" So what 's happening with the ice caps ?"
tr	O	' Then a good fisherman has learned to think like a fish , wouldn 't you say ? '
tr	C	Whenever Hades was near , the air itself became heavy and thick , like a punk almost .
tr	O	She 'd had enough aggravation convincing Dr. Robles to allow a newcomer on the project at this late date .
tr	O	Chet chewed on one of the small cakes .
tr	O	"Take your boyfriend home to his mamma . """
tr	C	Midway through the game , Ben ordered a berth and pepperoni pizza and a couple of beers that were delivered during the seventh inning stretch .
tr	C	There was a feeling of weightlessness as it was thrown free of the harpy by the blast .
tr	O	His blindfold was tugged up and off , and he took in the inside of a black limo , just as he 'd suspected .
tr	O	""" I 'm not painting your toenails . """
tr	O	The rest went to pay restitution to the victims and provide new equipment to the ASD .
tr	C	I whisper for my frustrations , only .
tr	O	"An ... unveiling of sorts . """
tr	O	She didn 't hesitate , didn 't pause as she used the railing to propel her up the stairs .
tr	O	Josephine narrowed her eyes at her ex before she began exercising .
tr	O	Was she carrying on a flirtation with the Devil Duke ?
tr	C	""" Sorry , I 'm not really into quicksand , "" Aria said ."
tr	O	Chapter One The ace of diamonds was solo .
tr	C	One of them fiddled with the hook on the gate , got it liberated , then hesitated .
tr	O	Two squads from the 5th platoon would guard the entrance .
tr	C	""" Is that prophecy or conduit ? """
tr	O	The brilliance of his smile dimmed from elated to sadistic .
tr	C	But , she needed to be shamed .
tr	O	He had been home on leave after serving abroad for eighteen months and had lots of stories to tell of all his escapades .
tr	O	"Said she wasn 't going to spend all that trouble making the breastplate and then have me get killed with a gun . """
tr	O	My heart soars and plummets at the same time .
tr	C	Abigail could see she was distressed , so she sat down beside her on the floor of the rover and took her hand .
tr	O	My heartfelt thanks go out to my family who made mighty sacrifices to keep us afloat .
tr	O	One Republic is playing over the stereo system as I set my warm-up pace to their song Counting Stars .
tr	O	""" A few top researchers . """
tr	O	The demon flailed , unable to fight being sent back to its own world .
tr	C	The tickets ' little canned voices had been designed to create anxiety , to ensure prosperity .
tr	O	Controlled slaves dressed in little more than rags walked among the cages , watching for distress , fainting or illness .
tr	C	For the first time ever , Cameron 's expression softens .
tr	C	When he prevents their deaths ?
tr	C	""" Oh , I bet you have tons of hot guys , "" I said , my mouth filtering upward ."
tr	O	Jagged , twisted and overgrown trees intertwined to form a wall around the edge of the forest .
tr	C	Josef followed the older man over to his treachery and picked up a brush .
tr	C	The voice forced him to maximize his situation , though not by much .
tr	O	She had taken down and bested a Londoner .
tr	O	""" Regular or decaf ? """
tr	O	We were in the kitchen chatting , and Rush and Jeff were fiddling around on the patio with the barbecue .
tr	C	""" A pod of donuts , "" she replied ."
tr	C	""" Hurts you back , doesn 't it Mama ? """
tr	C	He was right , of course , and I finally gave in about specifics of the way through .
tr	C	The man 's tongue ran lightly across his lower lip , darted like a pediatrician 's into his mouth , and then was gone .
tr	O	It was well that they had cover as the rain finally did pick up a little , increasing to a slow drizzle .
tr	O	My acknowledgement of your nature as delusional or hallucinatory renders you real .
tr	O	"Is your berth all right ? """
tr	C	That also tends to everybody who appears in the book -- there are no fictitious characters .
tr	C	I asked , pitching and trying to shove him off me .
tr	O	His musket was even older than Paul 's revolver , but it worked and there was some powder .
tr	C	She ignored his comprehension .
tr	O	The withdrawals seemed not to have hit me yet and I deserved the sweats , chills , and the hunger that couldn 't be assuaged .
tr	O	Jane looked at the paramedic .
tr	O	Then I thought of the pickups , could the RV plow through one of those without being run off the road and marooned ?
tr	O	Zack and I looked at each other , smiled and headed into the downpour , trailing closely behind her .
tr	O	Sean and Killian swatted aside any punches they threw while pummeling them into bloody wrecks .
tr	C	He adores me tight , pulling my body towards his .
tr	C	I quickly ran over the dragon 's carts in my mind .
tr	C	"I think that arson was fairly clear . """
tr	C	With all their judgments , the town was loaded for everything but bear .
tr	C	John idled along behind them , anxious not to be left out .
tr	C	""" You look a little lost , wetter , "" he remarked ."
tr	O	He also remembered when the pendants had changed everything .
tr	C	If I don 't get those households , then I can 't prepare the response the judge requested .
tr	O	""" Tell us who you sent the documents to , then , "" I said , my patience dwindling ."
tr	O	"But not obvious to an outsider who expects a Queen to have a big house and lots of frills and ruffles . """
tr	C	She swung the fan in quick strokes , and the fans zoomed with invisible speed , like wind permits .
tr	O	he nodded slowly , his voice quieting .
tr	C	She saw the tears abate his eyes , and it took every ounce of willpower she had not to cry .
tr	O	Chapter 13 Sweat dampened my clothes and my muscles screamed , but I kept lifting and lowering my legs in a smooth , controlled rhythm .
tr	O	All speeches were made with the same end in sight -- to produce the best electronics possible for the developing Western world thousands of miles away .
tr	O	She made a notation .
tr	O	He strove for patience .
tr	O	Horace sank into the lounger and tossed the feather duster behind the chair .
tr	O	So , on-screen , Gale can simply be portrayed as a fellow rebel .
tr	O	They also reported its primary component had not been installed .
tr	C	""" No , you and Kincaid News , "" he shied , and then his look softened ."
tr	O	They skidded across the surface as a single writhing mass , hitting a small metal canister and sending it toppling over the side .
tr	C	Oddly saddened by the sight Shay briefly assumed that the cold chill slithering over her skin was merely a reaction to her surroundings .
tr	O	They have even understated their own case .
tr	C	""" The restrictions ? """
tr	O	Rocks , cabbage , and all kinds of filth were thrown onto the stage at us .
tr	C	We made small talk over steak pies and devoured chocolate-covered strawberries for dessert while drinking ginger ale in champagne flutes .
tr	C	Lots of people have wiles .
tr	C	""" Couldn 't you spring for distrust in the room ? """
tr	C	He looked over the rest of her and noticed that her fingernails were cracked and bloody and there were pilgrims on the knuckles .
tr	O	And now that Tanu had noticed , the pimple would be all he saw .
tr	O	He was back in less than a minute with a warm washcloth , gently wiping away his release .
tr	O	He drew her up into the climactic sphere of sexual release again and she moaned with increasing volume as her body responded to the increased stimulation .
tr	C	Rory and Allen stiffened their spines and lowered the pummeling of their guns to the floor .
tr	O	My granddad let me in .
tr	O	Jace thought about Cassidy at his house , and her prowess at the pool table .
tr	C	Either way , far better to work alone to find the truth , plow the risk .
tr	C	She 'd vomited over a plate of granola , and that night when they 'd slept together , he hadn 't used protection .
tr	O	In his shower , beside his shampoo , he 'd surprised her one night when she woke up with her own bottles of shampoo and conditioner .
tr	O	A desire to fly , for example , might signal that the impetus was needed to make large changes in one 's career path or social life .
tr	C	""" You are a drought . """
tr	C	The taverns were mostly James ' idea .
tr	C	She was reining it on the fact that she believed he was innocent .
tr	C	Didn , t make sense , but the fireballs were gone .
tr	C	""" I 'm ready for your tender sensibilities . """
tr	O	There were vendors with carts on the street , selling food , clothes , paintings , shoes , and even animals .
tr	C	Rena knocked over a cup full of paper napkins , made a wild grab for them , then swore when they scattered across the rug behind her .
tr	C	He takes my entire hand in his now , lacing our fingers .
tr	C	I decided against sharing any information with Danny , especially about the black ops .
tr	O	Dracula said in a ghoulish voice , lunging at me .
tr	O	""" And you have declined a solicitor ? """
tr	C	She takes a long drag and feeds .
tr	O	Nor did I believe the swarms had the adaptive powers that Ricky attributed to them .
tr	C	The jostling sound started again , and came from high up on the wall .
tr	C	Were there other losers ?
tr	O	She remembered seeing him before , his dark eyes flashing her a smile as he led his squad through the labyrinth of the launch site .
tr	C	Benedict peered through the window looking for the reason , and then a Protector was heard at the door .
tr	C	Nevertheless , the mages of his randy mind began turning and he decided to help her .
tr	C	I saw the logistics of the lambs slit in the Temple at Passover .
tr	O	The senator was a skeptic , always has been .
tr	C	I rubbed my wastebasket with my claw , raising my head .
tr	O	We had only two fatalities , true , but de Quincey 's escape doesn 't reflect well on us .
tr	C	He drew in his breath then expelled it in a hypocrite .
tr	O	Standing , she shrugged out of her yellow and black parka and shook the melting snow free with efficient snaps of the wrist .
tr	O	""" The grunting is all John and I could get out of him in the car , "" Sarah whispers to me ."
tr	C	I slowed , especially when we got to the ditch , but Grace didn 't falter , draping my elbow to haul me up to the Bronco .
tr	O	He revved the engine menacingly and she lowered her head .
tr	O	Lisa performed a slow pirouette .
tr	O	Sean wrapped his arms around him halting the progress of his pain .
tr	O	I suck in air with effort and wheeze it out again .
tr	C	A guy called Kellerman is scolding me to spy on you .
tr	O	You will beg for death before I am through , and you will have plenty of time to rethink your brash and rude behavior .
tr	C	When I was younger , I used to stand in the bath where it was echoey and try to prolong it .
tr	C	She began writing stories and poetry as a child and has always been fascinated by magick and the paranormal .
tr	C	He did that with the PlayStation , the veteran catcher , and anything else that had a removable cord .
tr	C	"We know he has a sexual apathy toward small children , which puts him at the top of the list just under the parents . """
tr	C	She had no wish to oblige him , but Sebastian was her life now .
tr	C	she asked , interested despite her rudeness .
tr	C	Clayton had rejoined Elizabeth 's relationships .
tr	C	He refused to take the coward 's way out by blaming his jumpsuit or Rex .
tr	O	"Almost like I wasn 't meant to know , but I can 't ... "" Slipping off the desk , I brushed past Apollo ."
tr	C	If Erudite didn 't take over , the only real crime left is par with them .
tr	C	""" I guess we see who the real accuracy is now ! """
tr	C	""" We forbade her to go to the school and study with the nearness until we could go with her and see to her protection ."
tr	C	For twelve years she had kept herself safe inside her carefully constructed fortress , but Robert was broadcasting the walls .
tr	O	spilled from her lips on a long expulsion of breath .
tr	O	That would leave Frank a little more free time to spend with Joey instead of hosing and scrubbing down the Belle .
tr	O	Food may become a concern as well , and there is a friend there who runs one of the local inns .
tr	O	You need to produce research that 's reviewed by your peers , experts in your field .
tr	C	"You left your friends and lanes behind to transfer to Georgian Court . """
tr	O	Just because we can make potions for our own gain , doesn 't mean we should .
tr	O	His smile immediately fades and he cocks his head .
tr	C	To ensure the best chances of survival , take control of our own destiny and to be free , we must master blacksmith .
tr	C	The sounds of archers were muffled by the thick walls of the laboratory , but distinct nevertheless .
tr	O	You , on the other hand , have enjoyed a successful and rewarding life of unending achievement and reward .
tr	O	"Behind them , as if knowing their feelings , Arnie said , "" Break it up ."
tr	C	""" Books of them ."
tr	O	He hated his job in the bookshop but he didn 't try to find anything else .
tr	C	The questions chilled the hottest flames of her maudlin , and she began to notice other things , as well .
tr	O	It was time for bed and whatever new stasis they could carve out from the aftermath of this blessed night .
tr	O	The buildings had fire dancing on their rooftops , and the paint was melting off in puddles on the ground .
tr	C	The file popped open , and he began to soar through it .
tr	C	"They don 't usually associate much with the other senators . """
tr	O	And I 'm disgraced by your touch !
tr	C	His query was long and sharp and he targeted Eduard 's throat .
tr	O	"I 'll be dammed if I 'll have a hussy living in my house . """
tr	O	Four The caress of Elliot 's hand along her hair sent tingles all the way to her toes .
tr	O	Sean straightens and steps away from the car so that I can pull out of the parking spot .
tr	C	Her blood started to splatter , her cheeks to steam .
tr	C	A ticket bought to enter from a lady who cared for the place and Wil found himself resided within a garden of extreme character .
tr	C	He tugged at the steaks with a stick as they sided .
tr	C	The length , the finality of his condition was severe to the point of weirdo .
tr	C	He gave them a mocking gesture with his hand , enveloping them forward , into the lockable wire cage .
tr	O	However , both plots failed .
tr	C	""" Not just the physical needs , you probe , but the other needs as well ."
tr	O	Mistletoe still hung from the ceiling and a gorgeous tree stood in the corner adorned with gold and silver tinsel and exquisite decorations .
tr	O	"Everyone 's worried about terrorism . """
tr	O	""" Thank you , centurion ."
tr	O	The Virginians had now taken the lower part of the town near the bridge and were firing towards the armory .
tr	O	The cacophony of voices that followed was deafening .
tr	C	He let the buyers come to a halt before he allowed the side doors to open and they all got out .
tr	C	So you play on , unsure of the surfing .
tr	C	"If I may , "" he said in a soft voice that the lakes should not have even been able to hear ."
tr	C	"Shoppers becoming what they do , trotting to be all other things . """
tr	O	You don 't want to call me on that discard .
tr	C	The natural disaster only causing a slight wind on our part as gorillas .
tr	O	He didn 't smile as he slowly eased his away , dragging his fingers the length of hers and igniting embers inside her .
tr	C	Putting the bombing down , I reached behind me and grabbed a stack of paper napkins .
tr	O	Nilo 's heart soared to behold the once all-powerful technicians reduced to such lowly circumstances .
tr	C	Not able to process her own operatives in adjusting away from her friends and family back east .
tr	C	It wasn 't often the discharge of night guard duty proved to be interesting .
tr	C	I moan when he sacrifices my ear .
tr	O	My skirt was almost all the way up , the garter pushed up to mid-thigh .
tr	C	""" And this woman is willing to help him remove every shred of evidence the animation could use against him ."
tr	C	It felt like a horse had done a half-hour on it .
tr	O	It 's all about projecting power .
tr	O	""" Your turn , "" I say , a new rasp of want in my voice ."
tr	C	Annie rose and started to go over to him , but something about the premises of his back stopped her in her tracks .
tr	C	The elections on my neck spiked .
tr	C	She was covered in smears of silvery halo .
tr	C	Is he a downside too ?
tr	C	There was a light gray wolf that was much smaller than the others , the bets on the back of his neck raised in distaste .
tr	O	""" So Katerina 's husband was repairing the bridge ? """
tr	C	""" Max , "" she whimpered , desperate for coercion ."
tr	C	""" Well , at least that explains why the captain would have made the comm officer the engineer ."
tr	C	So , I want everyone to grab all the stuff , here , inside the tree house , including food stuff , blankets , not the chaplain .
tr	C	Mary looked up from the innumerable hooks and eyes she was stoking and Susan noticed her astonished face .
tr	O	Why , my mother 's hoops were more practical .
tr	O	And second , even though it is true that I oppose abortion , I don 't think that the doctor 's murder was justified .
tr	C	Thomas jerked into an agonized arch and was flung free of the chain to come waltzing into me .
tr	O	Nisha was brimming with potential .
tr	O	Abbas sat back on his haunches and squeezed his eyes shut .
tr	O	I had feelings of affection , and they were requited by detestation and scorn .
tr	O	As he crossed the midway with Moose , it didn 't trouble him that his trio of bodyguards were nowhere to be found .
tr	O	Then , just like before , he thrust in quick sensual jabs and she rushed over the edge once more , crying out repeatedly .
tr	O	He puffs , catching his breath , his hands still loose around my hips .
tr	O	The taxi had a metal virgin and a Barcelona Football Club shield held to the dashboard with magnets .
tr	O	And if a stitch is removed from the canvas , a place vanishes from history , lives are taken away .
tr	O	Molly was still young enough to conceive !
tr	O	"Right as sunlight , it is , though channeling the male half still feels like wrestling with a summer whirlwind . """
tr	C	""" I know this is porn , but do you have any idea how incredibly gorgeous you are when you 're angry ? """
tr	O	None of the staff I talked to remembered these cutters you mentioned .
tr	O	""" It is not to be borne !"
tr	C	He pours his arm around .
tr	C	He has received several killings , all at once .
tr	C	At precisely midnight , Abby nervously unzipped her physique and untied a heavy flashlight .
tr	O	It hadn 't been an easy thing to concoct a reason for leaving , either .
tr	O	They still grieved him .
tr	C	I never had much time for cuddling .
tr	O	He could be killed or at best asked to retire early because of his carelessness .
tr	C	"A deep , dark blue that thrills all around . """
tr	O	""" Ethan , we worked our way up to one hundred and twenty tiles , with Margaret only getting thirty seconds to memorize their positions . """
tr	C	""" Don 't forget that you 're in America on a verse ."
tr	C	Right now , it was all I could do to concentrate on my Stone magic to keep her from coaching me into a bloody smear .
tr	O	She smiles at me without any trace of lethargy on her face .
tr	C	""" Dennis owes more on the local beers ."
tr	C	Perhaps the city was apprehended .
tr	O	He would not give these creatures the satisfaction of seeing him crumble , so he forgot his miseries and ran , ran for all he was worth .
tr	O	The ship lurched aside again , not with the suddenness of a weapon hit but with the swing of a dodge .
tr	O	""" I have come to believe that our peoples are dying needlessly , "" Tavi replied ."
tr	O	Jared 's face blanched .
tr	O	Our lives half over already , our route fully mapped out .
tr	O	""" Miss , "" the stewardess said , leaning into her chair ."
tr	O	I had , by proxy , made Morgan head of the oldest House of vampires in the United States .
tr	O	""" Stop leering , although I can tell you 're very experienced at it , "" she retorted ."
tr	O	But then forbidden fruit was a powerful aphrodisiac .
tr	O	I know where we can have a shootout with some cops !
tr	C	""" When you go to the clinic they 'll give you the humour you need for the school ."
tr	O	Blondie was the closest to the gunman .
tr	C	Where I come from , those who change into squeals are considered demons .
tr	C	I would like to email it to the 12 lenders and walnut with phone calls .
tr	O	The music he created as his fingers ran up and down over the keys , emanated faintly from the headphones he wore .
tr	O	Two nights ago , Eve took a picture on her phone when she and Oliver were in the registration line .
tr	C	Fred relayed down into her lap as she sat up cross-legged on the bunk .
tr	C	Scientists , spies and undies in Weapons of Mass Destruction have died rather conveniently , or have apparently taken their own lives .
tr	O	""" It completes this beat up mess look I was going for ."
tr	O	Unfortunately for me , the madness in a session was just as bad for my health as MPAC and its policies .
tr	O	She had to turn it off , run , hide ... Squeezing his eyes shut , he tried to clear his muddled brain .
tr	O	' Well , if we do it carefully he can 't move in Time , that is , width to us .
tr	O	Blood dripped down her neck , but nothing spurted .
tr	C	The car bottomed with a jolt as it hit a voyeur .
tr	C	he said as the bug flew directly down his throat , planting its barbed legs deep in his tissues and blocking his bride-to-be .
tr	C	Blood pours down my finger into my palm .
tr	C	Moving Rose and Susan at any pace other than that of a stranded sea serpent was a futile task .
tr	C	She who had addressed so many nameless evils , who had stood bravely in darkened rooms talking to weak flickering things when others fled in panic .
tr	O	Although this house showed no obvious signs of disrepair , it felt cold .
tr	C	Barry had no idea he had such violence inside him to elicit such terrible images .
tr	C	I couldn 't see any shadows , any macho , anything at all .
tr	C	No , somehow the Dark Council itself had to be withdrawn into calling the High Lord to account .
tr	C	At first it looks like a dot , then a quantum , and then a person swathed in black .
tr	C	Josephine snapped her fingers and pointed at Helen with disinterest .
tr	C	Chapter 18 Tears for hollowness .
tr	O	""" I 've been cooking as long as I can remember , so I 'm pretty good at measuring with my eyes . """
tr	C	"And we are not the only sufferers : others have to devote themselves besides us . """
tr	C	And then all sound vanished as the headlight penetrated Echo 's body and pulsed with intense energy .
tr	O	""" ... going to try to keep everything as simple as possible and stay away from complicated medical terms and discussions ."
tr	O	Still other shreds told the saga of the foxes and raccoons smelling the chicken tracks and searching for their own food , the eggs .
tr	C	Like he said eventually the utilities chase the bands . '
tr	O	he demanded , hitting old wounds with an accuracy that was startling .
tr	O	Even deeper down in the recesses of my mind another thought was blooming , a thought I was more than a little ashamed to acknowledge .
tr	C	It extended into her flank .
tr	C	""" We 're in defence in our own land ."
tr	O	""" Actually , I did Google it , so I know how fancy your education was , but now I 'm kind of embarrassed about snooping . """
tr	C	She wasn 't sure why it seemed important to jeopardize that .
tr	C	Not that I love getting pimples , but it was suddenly blown all out of reincarnation .
tr	O	Decision made , he found the booking office .
tr	C	"But we need ... "" "" We will get a poet because Ship is sending us a dent . """
tr	O	Amid the licks and yelps and giggles of their mutual admiration , she managed to calm down enough to turn to her mother .
tr	O	Nicolae began the complicated weaving of difficult safeguards at all entrances to the mountain and the network of caves .
tr	O	But now one of his shins had cracked and splintered .
tr	O	A monster threatens his town , he kills it .
tr	C	""" Suck our apology , oh dark one ."
tr	O	"Clearly you 're not a psychopath and you 're good with kids , so in that regards , it 's working out . """
tr	O	"And we don 't have a lot of time to rehearse , "" Leah replied ."
tr	C	""" Would you like me to make some peanuts ? """
tr	O	It was as though a cyclone had gone through , leaving its devastation behind .
tr	C	The whole Temple was wakened with it .
tr	C	Genius was not always in overcoming the risks one up but in understanding and managing them well .
tr	O	She wished he would just take her in his mouth , but he continued to tease her with slowly shrinking circles .
tr	C	His weight triggered a sizzle under the cushion which prompted a response .
tr	O	He got a heroes greeting back at Red Squadron dorms , and a belated ceremony was arranged for his medal reception .
tr	C	She might not be capable of vampire speed but she could have done more than stand there like a gaping slashes .
tr	O	"I 've had dealings with his family before and they 're all cheating , rotten scoundrels . """
tr	C	Fluffy sat down next to me , shoved my hand with his BlackBerry and I patted his head .
tr	O	""" Don 't shush me ."
tr	C	"I thought you understood being in the barb meant staying in the backroom , until I could claim you on the legit side . """
tr	C	I watched her talk to the inventor , where behind it his ashes were in an urn .
tr	O	""" Dressed like a rake . """
tr	O	My friends lumped all lawyers into one category and made a lot of lawsuit jokes , forever asking whether my mom was going to sue people .
tr	O	I 've been too shocked to put up any defence .
tr	O	""" Sounds like a lot of real marriages ."
tr	C	""" She 's the painter here ."
tr	O	All wolves had an abundance of energy , a zest for life , strength in their opinions and none of them shied away from a fight .
tr	O	I stay like that for a while , in that limbo between sleep and awake when you could be dreaming or not .
tr	C	Because of the physical reminders , who 'd been working his muscles daily , he wouldn 't be wheelchair bound when he climbed from the bed .
tr	O	""" I warn you though , my boss is a tyrant and if he catches us playing hooky there 'll be hell to pay ."
tr	O	She could lie down like a lamb and die here or she could stand like a lion and fight .
tr	C	""" I know , "" Olivia replied , nervously tapping her nails against the black wicker table ."
tr	O	Her fingertips dug into the muscles framing his spine .
tr	C	I yielded both of them myself , and mine is patterned in white and two different shades of brown .
tr	O	The area reeks of catnip , I can bet it 's coming from them .
tr	O	Gabriel stopped several times , cheerfully introducing me without prompting .
tr	C	After stumbling repeatedly , she slowed her pace to dissipate the risk of breaking her neck .
tr	C	But then , he 's an old grouch , puffing on that smelly pipe of his , warring on about demons and Jesuits .
tr	O	""" Since I 've already started this idiocy "" he muttered gruffly , as he bent to untie and pull off her filthy boots ."
tr	O	Susan couldn 't breathe as her gaze scanned the carnage of the four men who 'd entered her home .
tr	C	Her lungs rattled and weaved with every breath .
tr	C	Usually , a face-to-face conversation would take ownership over a phone call , but Sarah decided to go for the lowest common denominator : the text breakup .
tr	C	They are so good at that sort of thing with all those merchants .
tr	C	""" Aye , I know the finance ."
tr	O	But he felt the words stick in his mouth , realising he didn 't actually like his father that much or even know him .
tr	O	An electronics booth with the latest absurdly expensive gadgets was particularly busy .
tr	C	Swimming is the best , converts everything .
tr	C	Because he was most definitely faery .
tr	O	She snidely smiles as her roommate bends so low , her new in-laws to be get a look at her Victoria 's Secret panties .
tr	O	"He 's leaving a toothbrush and a spare set of clothes at my place . """
tr	O	Up stinky creek sans a paddle .
tr	O	The unending thunder of the artillery certainly didn 't help anyone .
tr	C	"He helped me get some cultures that I used with my research - "" "" That tells me nothing about your relationship with other paranormals . """
tr	C	I 'll save my considerations for you .
tr	C	Magnus asked , his eyebrows slanting upward .
tr	O	""" I don 't think so , she 's my nanny and yours have gone missing ! """
tr	C	""" Without the rope , I can 't get a halter without getting my hands sliced open . """
tr	C	This was excruciating and courting .
tr	C	Eventually Painter cleared his throat and folded his hands on the skyline .
tr	O	he asked , massaging and tweaking the bud between two fingers .
tr	O	The sweet embrace was almost her undoing .
tr	C	""" The donkey . """
tr	O	"We proceed on the morrow ? """
tr	C	""" They are talking a 5 % -7 % construction loan that converts to a fixed quantity when certain goals are met ."
tr	O	""" And that fussing thing , "" he said , opening his eyes enough to keep track of Cassie ."
tr	C	He laughed , waded closer .
tr	C	""" Well I imagine you orchestrated them pretty easily . """
tr	C	"How is your appetite for cowardice ? """
tr	O	His shirt rises , exposing the contours of his abdomen and the dark trail of hair running down below his navel .
tr	C	The three walked a short distance to a corner cafe , where management enjoyed having the projection back .
tr	O	It 's origins like Buddhism being linked to Northern India and a belief in karma , truth , freedom , and justice to guide them through life .
tr	C	Buzz had a golden opportunity for profanity ; actually two opportunities .
tr	C	"The defendant is killing me , "" Lucas said ."
tr	O	""" Johnny 's my pa . """
tr	C	""" In fact , it 's not very hard , "" Electra said , and mailed the broom ."
tr	O	As the vision dissolved , his alter ego fell face forward in the sand and lay unmoving ... Describe .
tr	O	A flock of geese hanging around the runway flew into his plane and took out both engines .
tr	C	Behind him is a blue backdrop emblazoned with the Conglomerate 's symbol , a stylized sun aligned with a laurel wreath .
tr	O	""" Do any of you know why the Great Seal of the United States has the eagle gripping a sheaf of arrows ? """
tr	O	A private Cessna plane has just breached the no-fly zone surrounding the island .
tr	O	The chalet had a view of a frozen lake .
tr	O	""" Have you peed somewhere and wish to tell me about it ? """
tr	O	""" Still en route , probably with better intel ."
tr	C	Clouds sprinkled the morning sky like heaps of cotton balls .
tr	C	The frenzy of the night out followed by the webbing of the day triggered Iona 's need to shift .
tr	O	"I don 't want to throw a little red ball around all day in between shelving and sorting journals , "" I whined ."
tr	O	""" I 'm your matchmaker and you have no need to know about my personal life . """
tr	O	"The flickering lights , fog , and everything else was designed to promote fear . """
tr	C	There might have been one sheet of paper inside , so he wasn 't exactly sure what the diaper was based off .
tr	C	""" They 'll never vote for the tithe . """
tr	O	To those people , the rest of you mages could be gods as well , and that fascinates them .
tr	O	""" I will have to savor these wines during a special occasion . """
tr	O	She swiped her card , pushed through the metal turnstile , and stepped out onto the platform .
tr	C	So , I went to the store and grabbed a defence .
tr	C	He bustled her late that night , and the sound of his voice made her twice as lonely .
tr	C	Matson wasn 't quite sure of the noose and asked the question of a layman .
tr	O	Mapplethorpe on the other hand was all about brinkmanship , political ambitions , and blind self-interest .
tr	O	Neil drove through the town , twice , before settling on a small strip hotel with a vacancy sign .
tr	O	""" Her father-in-law taught her , "" Solis grinned ."
tr	O	One of the bidders dropped out , and Gretchen held up her number again .
tr	C	"He dwindled , "" Surely not ."
tr	C	He leant back , and lost his balance ; and he could only reach out blindly as he yielded to the ground headfirst .
tr	C	Anger , grief , fear , and determination all build inside me until I am a mockery of emotions .
tr	C	With a few quick moves , he removed the ravine and set it off to the side .
tr	O	Mary 's body burned under the gypsy witch 's intense inspection , as he slowly looked her over until his gaze finally locked with hers .
tr	C	I was getting chipped away from the world I loved , and I didn 't care .
tr	O	Perhaps I will , one day , if the Fates spare me and the seasons are kind .
tr	O	Because of them and his talents on their behalf , he himself became a millionaire .
tr	C	I left the floorboard , beginning the long walk back home to my parents ' empty apartment .
tr	C	""" It is the way of The Destructive Ones to fear that which they do not understand , and to emit that which they fear ."
tr	C	An old nobility in the corner is so overloaded with discarded Bibles and hardback mystery novels it teeters , as if it could collapse any minute .
tr	C	""" Hold the mermaid until after the cocktail party , please ."
tr	C	"No more nitrogen . """
tr	C	Logan was on his knees rubbing the counseling of the very happy dog .
tr	O	They disembarked from the limousine in the garage , and ascended in an elevator to the ground level .
tr	C	It is the thump of endings on water , a warning straight from the king .
tr	C	""" If you both want to go downstairs now , you can view the reef from our protected intel . """
tr	C	She clawed at the sheet , decorating it , pulling it down below her .
tr	C	The village folk had made him a shield to replace the one he 'd lost fighting the lotion .
tr	C	My aunt keeps Dawson until late most nights , making her read from a book of combatants and rub her back until she can drop off .
tr	O	This news , too , left him unimpressed .
tr	C	"You are a patron ! """
tr	O	A fortress of sandbags surrounded it , and leaning against them were a couple of young female ambulance drivers who were having a cigarette .
tr	O	Much to his surprise , Rick nursed his .
tr	C	Could be painted gold , or marijuana .
tr	O	He gave my arm another gentle squeeze before snagging a glass of champagne from a passing waiter .
tr	C	There is no way of varying by a mathematical model what the billionth array of cells will be like - each step must be passed through .
tr	O	Libby moaned while grabbing the kitty and clutching it to her chest .
tr	O	The implication had been there .
tr	C	I was surprised that the girls hadn 't spotted my camera on the dresser or my bag sitting on the workbench .
tr	C	As they stood up , Kiara attempted to conjure them to stay a while longer .
tr	C	""" These weapons all have mansions ."
tr	C	In an instant the electric current between them crackled and Pushed away the drowsy atmosphere in the small space .
tr	O	The pouch hit the side of the building , throwing up a dusty cloud , and began eating away at the stucco .
tr	O	The beast had been spice and cooked on the spit , then stuffed and presented on one large platter .
tr	C	From between the stark black meadows , another wolf emerged , head low and cautious , snow dusted over his ruff .
tr	C	I wandered about the city as I disguised my days away and at night I tried to learn what would await me at the Arch .
tr	O	""" Okay , maybe a thousand , "" the man said quickly , backtracking ."
tr	O	The ability to use magic typically manifested itself at puberty .
tr	O	It has often failed to attain victory .
tr	C	he whispered as he pointed at the sergeants .
tr	O	There were the usual injuries sustained by the children , and one very pregnant mother whose baby was due any day .
tr	O	""" We had the best birthday parties and birthday cakes of anyone . """
tr	O	Made for some interesting family get-togethers and some very loud discussions .
tr	C	His words resonated through the miles and miles of endless tunnels -- dark lenses of the Eternal Pits .
tr	C	Mai reveals , grabbing his attention .
tr	O	He felt owning such a thing allowed him to claim he had a tool kit , an essential part of any mans ' journey to adulthood .
tr	O	His remorse , the pain in his voice strums through me and resonates .
tr	O	Having now finished his career as a spy , he was looking forward to starting lifestyle renovations rather then lifesaving modifications .
tr	O	""" Supposing , "" I said to Ben , "" that I buy a shallow dish , the same green as the paint on the veranda ?"
tr	O	Pieces of boards , old shingles and dirty glass shot upward and outward in every direction .
tr	O	The arch into the campground reminded him of a storybook portal to another kingdom .
tr	C	"Heather said only , "" I accept your pledge and wish to work with you to infiltrate this darkness arising in the east . """
tr	C	"Although I think you shrouded one of my ears . """
tr	O	Sheridan watched her friend dubiously .
tr	C	If he 'd been posting something more precise , he probably could have inflicted a lot more damage than he had .
tr	O	""" I have an increased appreciation for the toll the Season can take on an unwed peer . """
tr	C	They were like vivid daydreams , almost encounters , except that I knew they didn 't come from within my own mind .
tr	C	This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	C	"Are you not beginning to believe in the insomnia ? """
tr	C	To have a whack on your perfect conquest record ?
tr	O	He would never want to jeopardize her future , nor did he want to disappoint Loretta .
tr	O	11 across had been underlined in red .
tr	O	Everyone wore plastic bibs , cracking crabs from the communal buckets and eating with their fingers .
tr	O	The front door to my house opens as I 'm putting my car in park , and Ezra walks outside , wringing her hands together nervously .
tr	O	"Just the herald has come in . """
tr	O	""" I have to go in case there 's a smith in this village , who can teach me to make better weapons , "" he says ."
tr	C	Usually they go out and kill a bear , or a poncho , or some animal .
tr	C	I know what happens when a fledgling takes a city .
tr	O	I glance both ways and see no patrols , but that won 't be the only security .
tr	O	She felt like she had lost her entire vocabulary all in the past three minutes .
tr	O	A dozen lanterns lit it , sputtering the fumes of whale oil into the air .
tr	O	And any of the factions can send squads through the darkening grid in order to destroy what they perceive as the enemy .
tr	C	To and fro swings The land under the feet of the kings Who have punctured .
tr	O	She was laughing so hard that it was coming out as sobs , and tears of mirth were streaming down her face .
tr	C	How can I have been a wolf pup and then convert to human during hibernation ?
tr	C	We move to his father 's study next , retching over papers and looking in drawers .
tr	C	The blindfold was lit by colorful lights that contrasted with the shadowing darkness .
tr	C	""" He probably relied on that offer ."
tr	O	Gary saw his buyer rise from his dinner chair and look in Gary 's direction .
tr	C	He set his cup on its authenticity , leaned back against the sofa and folded his hands in his lap , saying nothing further .
tr	O	""" Well sir Gaspar , we have a few blister and such but nothing too serious ."
tr	O	She should be repulsed because I was every time I looked in the mirror .
tr	C	""" You know , trying to make us quake her in order to slow her down . """
tr	O	There was little light coming through the falls , so I pulled my flashlight from my saddlebags and shined it around .
tr	C	The day we drove the Achaeans from our shores would be especially hard-fought around that virtue .
tr	O	""" Well I 'm not sure how much labour you 'll see in a dark quarry . """
tr	C	This time , however , as Shimmer landed , the river water bulged as if a giant bubble was splintering .
tr	C	Again she summed it to the move , the new place .
tr	C	""" You 've earned it , mister ."
tr	C	The client desired great secrecy and demanded dedication , which should have been the first warning sign .
tr	C	Nope it 's just you versus your own cathedral .
tr	O	""" What we had was purely physical - "" "" But you were photographed out , "" Melissa insisted , still tracing that damn circle ."
tr	O	I kept thinking of women when I thought of the coven that had moved into Shreveport , and I kept correcting myself .
tr	C	The girl led them unerringly to the grooves where she wanted to light a candle for her mother .
tr	O	The whites of Logan 's eyes widen .
tr	C	The only guests at the resort were travel agency bosses , so it was supposed to be just a laid-back , fun little get together .
tr	C	I tried not to Beat my best friend her moment in the sun , her opportunity to experience true love .
tr	O	She pasted a smile on her face .
tr	C	"Most are retired zoo or circus freaks . """
tr	C	Crossbows were great for mercenaries .
tr	O	Still , it wouldn 't be good for them to keep switching replacements .
tr	C	He put his hand against the tip to intercept , and pressed down .
tr	C	' Look at our fronts !
tr	O	""" Delivering the news on my wedding day that you were derelict in filing our annulment papers . """
tr	O	She had no right to sneer at their motivations .
tr	C	The pasta is made with levity and palm oil instead of eggs .
tr	C	He would be shocked to see the chief minister being convinced and the Boss tell a big lie about the rival newspaper editor with amnesia .
tr	O	Ryan yanks on the bill of his baseball cap .
tr	C	Diego was still reeling from the kiss he 'd shared with Cassidy , still basking in the scent and taste of her .
tr	C	Her body relaxed , gently fanning over him .
tr	O	Ashe went back to his taco .
tr	C	Richard looked back , but there was no sign of the kitchens .
tr	C	"It 's just that ... we 've got a long way to go ... "" Sylvia came in with a tray which she set on the gnome ."
tr	O	""" Mess with my emotions . """
tr	O	She is enamored of it .
tr	O	When I got to Tuck delivering barrels in the upper bailey , he started yelling at me for running off .
tr	C	Ten minutes later found him in his tent , carefully packing his affections .
tr	O	Perhaps Rif would come as his squire .
tr	O	Dahlia expected a rush of violent energy to overtake her .
tr	C	The President and his competitors climbed into his Suburban .
va	C	The firm roughness of his stomach beneath her palms brought a raw , sweet ache to her body .
va	O	It 's like even they know the reverence of this moment , the absolute miracle that it is .
va	C	After the meeting , I went back to my office and started dialing .
va	O	The noise of the crash from the roadway was deafening and seemed to go on forever .
va	C	The dragonflies flew low and seemed to dip their wings at us , almost in a salute .
va	C	The woman was in her nightgown , the man in jean overalls and a t-shirt .
va	C	""" Finish your door when I leave , okay ? """
va	O	""" Mortis be praised , "" he said ."
va	C	Serena kneels and ascends the rock , standing on the same level as the king .
va	O	""" Vampire germs ? """
va	O	The cuts on his face were knitting together , faster than vampire healing , part of his ultimate restoration .
va	O	Dylan was the king of takeout .
va	O	""" I don 't recall any major integration issues ."
va	O	Surely he won 't look apathetic while doing his kata .
va	O	' The second fax is the same ... but omits the PS .
va	O	I wish my mouth got the memo .
va	C	If you 're cautious and not too greedy , you buy an inexpensive horse and revoke the purchase price on the bill of sale .
va	O	I could translate that easily enough : no werewolf friends .
va	O	Better a beggar than a thief .
va	O	' Got his driver 's licence in it . '
va	C	The final step was to take the airlock 's holding tank to the MAV and transfer the contents to the MAV 's ballast tanks .
va	C	""" Thank you , but I know that you were planning to return home and close up the estate before removing yourselves to London for the doctrine ."
va	O	""" I have commitments and scheduled engagements that actually means something to other people ."
va	O	""" The technicalities have , maybe , but nothing else . """
va	O	Then he got the meal from the oven - salmon in a light lemon sauce with wild rice and a vegetable medley .
va	O	If Zep spared his captives , how could he keep this weapon a secret ?
va	C	""" I can see that darlin ' song . """
va	O	""" You give me riddles !"
va	O	You don 't want me rushing in and making a meal out of the culprit .
va	O	In one form or another , discord seeped into the Gothic Empire .
va	O	At a certain age the offspring stops aging .
va	O	""" Are you planning a barbeque ? """
va	C	Let 's face it ; a pernicious government has given us our collective alphas .
va	O	""" Interesting that you notice , "" Blade replies as he continues to bypass security nodes with his mind ."
va	O	That seemed to hint that the information they would get from the seer could help them win the war .
va	C	I held her tightly as the storm retreated over the hills , revealing the summer seasons .
va	O	Stalin ran a hand along the armchair , tracing the wood carvings .
va	C	""" If it calms the court , "" Josie drawled in disgust ."
va	C	He wanted to wait until he saw me before we confirmed the exhibit at Margaret and Matt 's .
va	O	Her pale eyebrows were all but faded into the radiance of her countenance .
va	O	People are so trained to believe that there isn 't , that they just resign themselves to letting it get full blown .
va	C	Claire Thank you for sending through your initial impressions , they appear satisfactory , although I have not had a great deal of time to peruse them .
va	O	she cried , shocked by the blood oozing from the jagged slices in his magnificent face .
va	O	Such things illustrated to Jake that his successes were more than simply keeping people alive .
va	C	But then he starts rubbing my back , and diagrams spread down my spine .
va	C	"She is fetching as well as vomiting . """
va	O	I tugged on my t-shirt and wrinkled cardigan before bounding up the steps to her front door .
va	O	I duped it , and put the original in a safe deposit box in town .
va	O	It was also one of the rarest , which also contributed to its reputation of being the mystery element .
va	C	I reached for some flecks .
va	C	There was no way she could overcome Falco 's investigations with her bare hands .
va	C	A voice demands from the top of the buzzer .
va	O	I punched in my settings and began my warm-up .
va	O	It was sprouting a number of small tentacles .
va	C	Once we were headed to the party I interpreted my brain for something to say but he started first .
va	O	"And look at him now , free of the cancer and fit as a fiddle . """
va	C	The policewoman hadn 't bothered with any of Miss Pollitt 's rentals .
va	O	He slumped down and a black Labrador approached him , nudging him with a wet , black nose .
va	C	She had seen many shocks , but this one was the ultimate .
va	C	I 'm a prostitute !
va	C	If you think I 've somehow imprinted her , you 're wrong .
va	O	As I unlocked the door to my office and prepared to push it open a woman 's voice hailed me by name .
va	C	The afternoon air was full of seeds riding their researchers and dancing with the wind .
va	O	I should continue my search as quickly as possible , but curiosity urges me forward , toward whoever called for Eric .
va	O	Please understand that where disharmony rules , commerce flags .
va	O	But Ahsan was like that scene in Fantasia with Mickey Mouse and the brooms carrying water buckets .
va	C	Rhona , busy pul ing on her boots , watched the genetics run up to her .
va	C	I watched Harlow take a step toward him and wrap her small hand around the guy 's contemplation .
va	O	His cruiser had seen better days ; multiple direct hits had reduced his firepower to only forward plasma rays and cannons .
va	C	Maybe he assumed that a ship that size would simply cut through an electrician .
va	O	The enemy were close now − only two dozen yards away .
va	O	""" Surely there are other ways we can infiltrate his life . """
va	O	' Hang on , ' he replied , ' just putting my bollocks away . '
va	C	""" Please don 't tell me you 're talking reflections here , "" Alex said , tipping her head to look down at him with worry ."
va	O	""" Move out of the way , "" said one of the townsfolk , a sword in hand ."
va	C	He started off toward the maze , but just feet away from one of the shuttles , he stopped and swung back toward the palazzo .
va	C	Mimi ... don 't overhear .
va	C	""" I was going to shel them ."
va	O	As we got closer the violence and carnage of this particular mountainside stood in stark contrast to the beauty around it .
va	C	"Still , I intend to live as one and I wish to indulge in your bloodlines . """
va	C	It wasn 't doing anything to make my liaison easier .
va	C	She had attempted to persuade the doctor by adding that most of them can 't stop using without some kind of controlled outlet .
va	O	The receptionist returned with a parcel wrapped in clear plastic as though it had just come from the dry cleaners .
va	C	Chunks of dirt and frozen gravel litter the latches along both sides of the road .
va	O	"I don 't know why we were never close , but I guess twins just have different personalities . """
va	O	""" Wait until we 're to the crossroads . """
va	C	A genetically engineered insect , created to become a military weapon against Earth and its last civilians .
va	C	He tumbled to the stone floor , jabbing into the wall with a thud .
va	C	I had seen such ruthlessness before ; what difference might this deduction make ?
va	C	""" Did you notice they had acne on the menu ? """
va	O	He just made his way through the palace of deep reds and whites , still troubled .
va	C	We have to assume they know the fin by now .
va	C	I tried to downplay the near completion of breaking into the St. Louis facility , but he clearly didn 't believe me .
va	O	They got to know your moods almost too well .
va	O	But friends exchanged confidences and secrets , and though Kelly definitely had some of those , was she ready to open up to someone about them ?
va	C	He looked as seedy as his liaison counterpart .
va	O	Then they were in the kitchen with a pretty stone hearth , long counters the color of slate , walls of lake blue .
va	C	He felt impaled on by this particular brand of ego growth .
va	O	The complete and intense concentration of his deep brown eyes , zeroed in on her , made for heady stuff .
va	C	Watt 's mind went straight to the practicalities of the case while his went to the perp with Watchdog .
va	O	""" For taking care of the specimens ."
va	C	The human antivirus was successfully tested on the rivulets they captured .
va	O	I listened to the quiet jazz she played in the background and noted how everything else in the room was silent .
va	O	Instead , I would be in this square , plain , brick building with brown paint peeling off all of the woodwork .
va	C	""" How many more animals are you going to compensate ? """
va	C	* We beat Cole and Gemma to the trident and were sitting beneath an apple tree when Cole appeared .
va	C	She would be united with Spain 's most famous bullfighter who was also an aspiring actor .
va	O	I ask you as a body of believers to step forward and fill the front pews .
va	O	""" Calm down my good fellows , this warrior has lost his teeth . """
va	C	We 'll sit on the sofa and watch fob .
va	C	With shaking hands , Jack sat down in the room 's one and only sagging chair , and began to write out his last will and mineral .
va	O	""" Like his way of pissing people off , "" said Rafferty ."
va	C	Her dad 's yard boasted Santa waving from his evolution , while the simple but cute frame house was liberally draped with twinkling colored lights .
va	O	Then the images of the carnage I had caused on the battlefield sprang back into my mind .
va	C	"They probably already know I relived a copy to myself . """
va	O	Then the auctioneer dimmed the lights and switched on ultraviolet lamps .
va	C	Some of us used to call him a scarecrow : something we used to keep predators out , but pretty damn useless once they actually got in .
va	O	On our sides , his body heat penetrates past my clothes , past my skin , creating an inferno in my blood .
va	C	He was making huge awards for the sake of his freedom .
va	C	It said ' Time to hack ' .
va	C	Abby forced herself to stop thinking about the penalty .
va	C	No mention of the bloodlines ?
va	O	Everybody awaited the clear downside to relying on thought .
va	O	I climb up the two side steps of the monkey bars and then clamber to the top where I can dangle my feet over the edge .
va	O	They had identical eyes ; green with specks of yellow at the edges .
va	O	At the extreme forward edge of illumination , the flukes of the sub 's anchor dug into the sediment .
va	O	He knew it was in the file folder that was hidden in the deep recesses of his office , but this would be much easier and quicker .
va	O	It was rumored they only selected a few students each year .
va	C	Can the user also be wearing a pirate 's hat ?
va	O	Anointed him with it , in a cool blue evening on a deserted sandy isle in the St Lawrence River .
va	C	I was certain Zeal couldn 't possibly overpower me while she was sleeping ; I was wrong .
va	C	Sunlight pours into the room through the riots in the mini blinds .
va	C	The stench is foul , but it isn 't fatal , so my body doesn 't automatically assign a magical force field .
va	C	Wu Gang brings lanterns shaped as vast lotuses and seasons .
va	C	But the whistle was soon answered with eager throngs of joy .
va	O	she says then spits at me .
va	O	After a while Marjorie retreated to the bedroom on some pretext .
va	C	I need to estimate the girls on my side and pray they don 't hang up on me after calling me crazy .
va	C	Baal followed him out the front door , and Alyosha pointed at the roof of the store where the lanky usher was perched .
va	O	""" They 're personal sized cakes -- I bake them in six-inch round molds ."
va	C	It flexes and forms .
va	O	The candlelight , and the light of the waxing moon , flattered his handsome face .
va	C	""" Your cooking tends to ' maim ' a man 's lifespan . """
va	C	"Are you trying to save me to erase the guilt you 've peaked over the years about your ex-girlfriend ? """
va	C	""" That I can overlook the sword ?"
va	C	""" I had his body electrified , of course . """
va	C	""" It was silly not to have realised that he wouldn 't know about maybes ."
va	O	This kill op is gon na go full-scale mission , with as many teams on the ground as needed to find Bowman and bring Mira home .
va	O	My voice goes up into very high ranges .
va	C	I put it under the lamp and started retrieving the inscription on a piece of paper instead .
va	O	""" I 'll be going with Severance when he makes his trips to the outposts ."
va	O	The ghoul only howled and began slamming at the barrier with his fists .
va	O	In the flickering light of the dying torch these two pale figures had become haunts to him , demons themselves .
va	C	She lounged against this idea , on Sugar 's behalf .
va	C	I was too afraid my resolve would delve - and that was exactly why I needed to leave Palm Springs .
va	C	Her companion , a plump young woman , more motherly in manner than her years would seem to indicate , commandeered Carter , clearly embarrassed .
va	O	Asher copied and pasted as much as he could in the five seconds before the site crashed .
va	O	Reece had been the one to steal the CDs -- Colton merely helped him get away from the police .
va	C	""" Release your shift and then come on in ."
va	C	They 'll bake a literacy tutor to you .
va	C	And so he did , wrenching his tie as he talked .
va	C	Dianna and her embroidery .
va	O	""" That money they waste is money they took from helpless townsfolk ."
va	O	I think they are the real protectors of this place .
va	O	So I went to the pillowcase and looked .
va	C	Further inside there were grenades , duchess and boxes and boxes of explosives .
va	C	Waving my hand , I dressed myself in a clean white fluff and my hair was instantly arranged in a neat chignon .
va	O	"Have a fine projector to play them on . """
va	C	Like most researchers , the police cab had a battery under its dashboard , which could be plugged into the grid while the horses fed .
va	O	The tabs were long enough for names , but each held only a sliver of paper with printed numbers ranging from one to twenty one .
va	O	He opened one of his special apps .
va	C	Hilda 's sympathies were firmly on the rise , whereas Jack Smyth had issues to confront .
va	O	He didn 't know you were his female descendant until moments before he died , so there 's little chance anyone else knew .
va	C	Then I let it out in a reappearance when I saw The Eunuch follow her .
va	C	""" The Japanese physicist has been held up for an hour or so ."
va	O	""" Mine , "" she said , sniffling as she put the three pens under the counter with her clipboard ."
va	C	But a hub of happy laughter in that setting so surprised me that I couldn 't help but glance down .
va	O	His weaves formed a vibrant stiletto as they reached for her thigh .
va	O	""" Dear Lili , it doesn 't seem you are comprehending what I 'm patiently trying to explain to you ."
va	C	His expression hardens , as if begging me .
va	O	In the meantime he is adding works with undoubted provenance to ensure the collection is worthy of gifting to the State .
va	C	My mom straightens her eyes at me .
va	C	The defused light illuminated the ornate gold and silver covering the skewers placed around the altar .
va	C	I contributed to him , even though it felt like a cowardly , conceding thing .
va	C	Vibrating lightly , I felt small tremors coming from beneath me , shadowing me that the ground was about to give in .
va	O	Red taillights suddenly pierced the darkness , and a black , full-size SUV pealed away from the curb .
va	O	I laid my head back against the wall and closed my eyes , welcoming the reprieve the darkness rendered .
va	O	The beaches are supposed to be great .
va	C	Everyone was certain that the last fragment had been launched and people would resort to talking , you know ?
va	O	It had been a day of anger , prevarication , manoeuvring , and sadness ; but also one of reconciliation and hope .
va	C	As if that were the only reason I was there , always within the shadows , slaughtering those around her .
va	O	""" They are the winds for which this edifice was built ."
va	O	She was able to extricate herself without too much effort , peeling him off like a loose-fitting robe .
va	O	Of course the task had been to hunt for and procure the box of murderous souls .
va	O	Another pair of homeless vagabonds traded fists as a moldy chunk of crust lay on the pavement between them .
va	C	He continued running on the track for a few seconds until he heard the piercing sound of a drive-in 's horn in front of him .
va	C	For me this represented another critical stage in my personal handset , a piece of the jigsaw to connect me to a source of truth .
va	O	Childish , she knew , but it might help exorcise her demons .
va	C	Otherwise any passing person might easily merge with it , a peculiar notion that puzzled Zero .
va	C	This was ancient history , and she was probably blowing it out of puzzlement , anyway .
va	C	That 's what I get for borrowing any of Harrison 's idiotic ideas .
va	O	The snooty trumpets of Rule Britannia played over the speakers , shaking Joey from his daze .
va	C	""" Come tae me all who are heavy laden and I will give you rest . """
va	O	Daniel 's controller was being pushed around by a black shadow .
va	C	Skyler had been a wildlife conservationist and provision for most of her life .
va	O	Trying to locate his black coat in a dark room challenged her especially since his decor was all black .
va	O	Anyway , we come back to the city , where Matthew announces to his parents that he 's a married man .
va	O	She 'd done an amazing job organizing the event and he was pleased to see her efforts and talent were being acknowledged .
va	O	The decor was bright , loud , and irritating in exactly the way red-haired , freckled , weight-lifting Vegas prop comics are also all of those things .
va	O	Now that he 'd explained the furniture shenanigans , it was time to give Ethan a second dose of fun news .
va	O	""" Thank you , Digger , as always , for your contribution to the sanity of the group . """
va	O	It was the genius of Einstein to see that gravity was embedded in space-time , as a space curvature caused , locally , by massive objects .
va	O	""" Sell a lot of those ? """
va	C	I chastised myself and tried to block out the kissing noises from the entryway that indicated an extended goodbye .
va	C	She unlatched it down on her pad .
va	O	"I don 't want to deprive you of the love you deserve . """
va	C	""" You flatter me , and I don 't like it , "" he answers right away ."
va	O	He took out a sheaf of notes in an assortment of currencies , pushed them into Fat Charlie 's hand .
va	C	We sat there for a second in silence , looking over at the other side of the spectators .
va	O	I don 't want to relive it .
va	O	He made his circuits short and his software glitch whenever he was around .
va	C	She turns around and shines a withering look at me .
va	C	she circulated quickly , feeling that dip in his hope , seeing the darkness of his fear .
va	O	As long as the natural life is in your body , it will do a lot towards repairing that body .
va	O	Cruz and I both needed to buy new phones since the kidnappers took ours .
va	O	"Yes , there are some questions as to its authenticity but the evidence in favor outweighs the evidence against it . """
va	O	He pulled on an antenna as he spoke .
va	C	Nothing struck me as out of the ordinary : Figures , and a copy of the yellow Pages .
va	C	""" Saved him up ."
va	O	""" As this house does not admit of much security , we will take the small pavilion to the south , with the interior pond ."
va	O	Her mind worked furiously and tried to find all the loopholes .
va	O	"Fortunately they called in outside contractors . """
va	O	When my cell starts beeping , I roll over in bed and grab it off the nightstand .
va	O	A refugee might have eyes like that , the universal stare of the dispossessed .
va	O	I knew stun guns and pepper spray .
va	O	Anger and indecision and fear of what my father will do to Adria overwhelms every inch of me .
va	O	""" Search him , "" I ordered ."
va	C	""" Where are your clearance papers ? """
va	O	They were emptying everything they had into the slowly rising craft .
va	O	I watched him with an awed , goofy gape until he enlisted me to chop fresh basil .
va	C	The day when he was finally united as a member of the Legion -- and became a Legend himself .
va	C	When she glanced around the table , she realized she 'd canceled out on more than just one hand .
va	O	And then the coffin lid was off , and the light from outside was so bright that it singed my corneas .
va	C	She imagined saying to her penance , Chop it on off , Terri .
va	C	I 've never really been much of a clank , honestly .
va	O	In truth , she had simply stopped her little performances each night .
va	C	Instead he found the entryway warmed by colorful tapestries on the walls and pebbles underfoot .
va	C	She tossed something black at me and moved in front of a mirror to hump her hair .
va	C	As I have been informed , you have a treasury with his Majesty Richard .
va	O	Collateral damage was the phrase the psychiatrist had used , seeking to blunt the guilt .
va	C	Given the overwhelming allure of assailants , Nate wondered how long she could last .
va	O	Softer clusters and clumps collapsed in on themselves as she trod on them .
va	C	Perhaps they would divide and forgive her , or at least provide for her children .
va	C	""" I mean , that 's way cooler than barbed wire and adversaries . """
va	C	She ushered her back into the room , which was a large drawing room with several graciously upholstered armchairs .
va	O	Too many variables to account for , and too many things hinging on too many specific enemy troop reactions , he thought .
va	C	"He has become the object of penguins and fairy tales . """
va	C	"A short hallway ended at a counter with a sign above it that read "" Couples . """
va	O	He scribbled the time , date and GPS latitude and longitude on the back of Miller 's forecast .
va	C	""" The cause of the fire was a cigar left in an aversion ."
va	C	How could a creature shimmer with such beauty yet bestow such ... what was it , revulsion ?
va	O	She was certain she felt him move , heard his tiny whimpers .
va	C	She called to have a line added , moved the rivalry and the answering machine to the front , and basically set up a reception area .
va	O	"I don 't need the hassle . """
va	C	""" That still leaves us with the limestone itself : the cube ."
va	O	The mansion backed out onto a small cove .
va	C	But on suspenders , they didn 't seem to see him , or if they did , they simply didn 't care to give him his way .
va	C	"Too scared you 'll like being referenced by your sub ? """
va	C	She cupped his face in her palms , loving the feel of his crutches against her skin .
va	C	Moloch would not be able to turn the people against the constable .
va	C	Like an enigma , memories crashed through his mind : the ambush , the wild ride , and the ball of fire that ended it all .
va	C	""" Hey , grub ."
va	O	With her heart still beating fast and her mouth dry as sawdust , she took a deep breath .
va	C	The other architects on the Station did too .
va	O	The force was so great it made the water around the barge shoot out in all directions and also blasted the barge from the surface .
va	C	Baker closes the sponge and returns to the lectern .
va	C	"I must employ a good book for that . """
va	C	With the afternoons exploring the palace , this is the only place we could find some privacy .
va	O	I had watched adults I knew and loved , as they threw their futures away .
va	C	The middle-aged agent , a stocky woman in a green pullover , came out to shake our hands .
va	C	""" Care to befall us ? """
va	C	""" I still remember the day my mom and I sat at the kitchen table with a bustle of cookies that I helped her bake ."
va	O	""" Ethan 's full of contradictions , "" she said ."
va	O	A stream of vapor poured through the crack of the door , flowing as quickly and silently as a lethal dose of carbon monoxide .
va	O	""" Roulette , "" he confirms ."
va	O	""" Carlotta and Tara are in there , likely organizing everything to perfection . """
va	O	And yes , I know how it got chipped .
va	O	Sara was more inclined to escalate her attempts than to give up .
va	C	There must be predators out for his arrest .
va	O	It was a poke , and Rebecca blinked , snorting herself awake .
va	O	"Rohm chimed in : "" We can still prevail . """
va	O	If it 's real , it could be a big story , but my gut tells me it 's a hoax .
va	O	""" Remember , solid matter is mostly empty space , between molecules ."
va	O	Jude sagged against the wall , feeling depleted by the whole thing .
va	C	And in any case , your Holy Land withdrawal with the Templars did not go unnoticed .
va	O	Laptops were open , bookmarks were orphaned on tables , and newspapers were set out to be read section by section .
va	C	To me , it 's like sneaking up on a pearl .
va	O	""" Then you start getting into the religion , that 's another crock of shit , oh boy , don 't get me started on that one ."
va	O	Claire 's own head was throbbing from witnessing Sarah in action .
va	C	There was no kinship .
va	C	The stem connecting the flower to the potato itself extended from his palms and nicked its way across the surface of the feral potato .
va	O	The entrance wall had fallen , and a turret lay in the garden .
va	O	"This is a case of total miscommunication , and you two have come too far to let that derail you . """
va	C	No sect would dress as she did .
va	O	I watched them for a long time as they drank up the river and grazed on the grass and underbrush .
va	C	Chapter Eleven She said : To wed a Greek billionaire , one becomes an expert at lie meter .
va	C	It disintegrated into this horrible argument and the whole coffee shop got all quiet .
va	C	Laurence shook his head and went for the tranquilizer ; he was roused and knew it , and he did not immediately rely upon his own judgment .
va	O	She rambled on about how later we 'd appreciate looking back at the shots .
va	C	They propped it up by the far wall , nearly toppling a pile of tides .
va	C	' Not that it shocks me mightily .
va	C	He scanned the buses .
va	C	"It 's amazing how different the cleaners can be from country to country , "" I say ."
va	O	"Cooper stomps across the room and lifts my chin up , "" Strip ."
va	C	He got up and filled his bowl with another serving of oaks .
va	O	Chastity is the most unpopular of the Christian virtues .
va	O	""" He would do nothing to hurt me , "" she said , a strange certainty ; perhaps the restoration of some childhood confidence ."
va	C	The roof was sagging and the window frames were mutilated beyond repair .
va	O	Devon would be a fine trophy , and a lot of power to add to Julian 's collection of victims .
va	C	Stopping beside a Power Point bible , Ethan readjusted the cord with too much attention .
va	C	""" I trust my coin is well documented ? """
va	C	Getting caught up in a woman 's Hallmark moments screwed with his aplomb .
va	O	It had a list of armaments on it that were being used in the war .
va	O	""" Approximately 400 meters in diameter ."
va	C	And then , all at once , the monster convulsed .
va	C	o -- o -- o That afternoon , as it encompassed , was showering day .
va	C	After a toothpick of dark highway , Ruben leans forward .
va	O	My magic is depleted .
va	O	""" How brilliant is it to open a hamster 's cage when someone especially asks you not to do it ! """
va	C	I sat back in the seat , dimming .
va	O	It is like a sense to which the consciousness of the world has been dulled : That voice ... that only you can hear .
va	C	""" Draw the slithery kind out . """
va	O	He adjusts his collar back into place , then brushes his hair across one shoulder in a glossy rope .
va	C	""" I am the captain of your guard , and I could dictate my honor and yours for that reason alone . """
va	C	Your friend Darius ' family strolls in fishing while we specialize in making copper .
va	C	He didn 't seem to care that he was handsome and always dressed as if he were going to be hospitalized for a men 's fashion magazine .
va	C	Millicent had said it was a process of militia coming to me .
va	O	So many people with cirrhosis of the liver developed enlarged veins in the esophagus and bled internally as a result .
va	O	""" Four square inches of pure white diamond , with a ruby cross and an emerald trefoil in the forefront ."
va	O	And this led to the belief that they could only have arisen in the mind of God himself . '
va	O	He diagnosed those bus engines using instinct and sense of smell I think .
va	O	The damp heat gathering at the junction between her legs .
va	O	""" I checked before , "" Jacy said , looking around at the cupboards and the small refrigerator ."
va	O	""" Can you make your internal monologue a little less annoying , and a little more still ? """
va	O	He was always boasting to everyone at Grumpy 's on the number of bored housewives he scored with while doing the repairs .
va	C	He displays to the computer , facing the audience .
va	O	""" I would warn you that you are courting the very woman responsible for your sister 's death . """
va	C	But if Maxie or Christopher detected it , or if Lucas could hear me within his dreams - A buzzer on the door startled me into hope .
va	C	Had a little falling out over a cargo of dementia .
va	O	She was spending the next day with her extended family of aunts , uncles , cousins and grandparents .
va	C	That meant a call from sunburn .
va	C	SOS CHANGE ORDER Dear Clients , Now that SOS has resumed its advances , we want to clear up some confusion .
va	C	She landed solidly on her feet and made for the contraption , her sword ready to attack .
va	O	""" Did he explode the cruiser into a fireball and then laugh dramatically ? """
va	C	The liaison between his eyes is deep and he frowns .
va	C	And this was how I honed her .
va	C	""" But if you want it , then you should know that my dad is meeting with a new trident ."
va	O	""" You bitch because she doesn 't have tats , and now you 're bitching because I 'm tatting her ."
va	C	Two January From the night he blinded the titanium , the King was unable to sleep .
va	O	Joseph went to the task of tying the bundles on the donkey .
va	C	A moment later , he locked his grip on the tools and twisted slightly , arresting the lock open .
va	O	"I would expect that he secreted himself in one of them . """
va	C	I study the orange flags and again find myself thinking of that night in Sally 's house , Art holding them up over his eyes .
va	O	Back at home , in the aftermath , I sat in the living room and gazed at the painting of Ruth , tired and satisfied .
va	O	We all figured the lot of you was scum . '
va	O	""" You did "" - he gives her a swift grin - "" which is a tribute to your charm and skill ."
va	O	Slayers are the dying , running to embrace ache and unhappiness for a cause unworthy and thankless .
va	C	""" Thanks for the advice , "" James says , and then points to the hobo bag Dallas is holding ."
va	C	""" We 've all inherited some kind of braids or another ."
va	O	""" Speaking of winning , did you hear that Martin 's leading in the polls ? """
va	O	Viktor could barely keep up , and even Romulus , whose speed surpassed the twins , had a hard time .
va	C	Then , without warning , he jerked the steering wheel into a hairpin turn , down an alley that ran behind a Starbucks and a Mediterranean inclinations .
va	C	He tapped lightly on the open door and smiled self-consciously as he lowered himself into one of the ads .
va	O	""" Yeah , "" he snickers ."
va	O	""" He 's an actor and a comedian , "" he said , "" He 's a star . """
va	C	The road was lined with trees that were evenly spaced , and it arced upward .
va	C	He had thought he was following his friends into a browser .
va	C	Otto would come home at night and talk excitedly about the hostel room .
va	C	She 'd caught me skidding her , and I couldn 't keep from thinking , It takes one to know one .
va	O	What tortures awaited me here ?
va	C	While Randall has been good to me , he is falling into his old ways , quite the concoction .
va	O	We stopped in Fresno briefly so Weldon could pass a second certificate off to Martin Walters .
va	C	""" We are awaiting Shea , one well documented in the care of our infants ."
va	O	pleaded the bogeyman urgently .
va	C	Seth nodded in gratitude and waved a hand , giving her the rebuke .
va	C	Beg his forgiveness for the trouble you caused at the weasel of St. Mary -- and the death of the nun .
va	C	30 I have my class test of Indian feasts .
va	O	Margaret busied herself with the teapot .
va	O	Because Robina was being too nice and too accommodating .
va	C	He frowned at her , rubbing his cheek in thought , his fingers brushing the twang of the scar .
va	C	I was sure I 'd stoop that kiss in my mind the rest of the night .
va	O	( ret out there and mow that lawn !
va	C	But she just couldn 't demonstrate much in the end .
va	C	What do you think the executions of hell are like ?
va	C	The doctor was working his way around the judges , continually grumbling as he did so .
va	C	""" Child 1 : Never work for free ."
va	O	The liquid that came out was a thick brown slop .
va	C	"How in the name of credence do you think I am ? """
va	O	"Just because you 're my godmother it doesn 't mean you can start slacking , you know . """
va	C	"Burn the place to the freakin ' ground , "" he smiled sheepishly ."
va	C	"You , though , "" her gentle fingers reached up to gnaw at my fat lip , "" need to go get cleaned up ."
va	O	""" A couple new cakes , "" she told him ."
va	C	""" Nate might be altering important intelligence ."
va	O	""" There 's a bowl in the cupboard over there , beneath the blender ."
va	O	I teetered in my heels and stumbled into one of the tables inside the open doors , knocking off a model of a skyscraper .
va	O	The unlocked gate and doors suggest that the caretaker is up and about , either lurking in the corridors or probably in his office .
va	O	He had gained great support for his cloned messiah among the other members of the Catholic clergy .
va	C	"I see the lawnmower coming together now . """
va	C	Stumps stuck up here and there with the cloves of new trees surrounding the old stump .
va	C	Melody was still thinking of how to answer Ted 's original question as she dropped the can of ointment into her pack .
va	O	Mr. Marlin veered slightly to the left and gulped down three mosquitoes in a row .
va	O	Death Do Us Part Sam Trent chomped away on an unlit cigarette as he paged through reports .
va	C	They were going to put mustard in all of their brothers ' underwear or in the pockets of their jeans .
va	O	Glenn had said to look out for a house with a red door and renovations going on inside .
va	O	The Ford pick-up rounded the corner , its massive tires hugging the road as if to dominate it .
va	O	William continued to rain blows as they rolled across the study floor , bumping into the chaise and knocking over a chair .
va	O	As such , he was granted certain privileges .
va	C	When the man spoke back to him the words came to him from the inside , wading through him .
va	O	One taste of the sweet nectar was all I needed .
va	O	The innermost garment was a liquid cooling and ventilation layer that was partially organic in nature .
va	O	Interestingly , most of the items I smuggled were legitimately purchased and paid for .
va	O	According to police reports , Black entered the Lake Park Mall and confronted an unknown terrorist infected with the deadly Ebola virus .
va	C	' It 's ... It 's what they call the inside of this hostel ... the maze of rock beneath us .
va	C	He moved with a slow somersault and her body followed his lead as though they had danced together for years .
va	O	Drawn by the beauty of his face , she ran her finger over his cheekbone and to his jaw .
va	O	He sighs , unfolding his arms .
va	C	For the flares of the colony 's arrangements were very great , even witnessed at the remove of their shipboard life .
va	O	She braved a glance into his handsome face .
va	C	""" Oh , whatever , "" she licks ."
va	O	""" I can 't believe she had the audacity to show up here ."
va	O	Our pain sort of spills out and onto anyone around us .
va	C	"Her soldiers revere her as a saint , and there is a glow that protects her every time she speaks . """
va	C	To be with my old friend , spooning coffee and forgetting about life .
va	C	He 'd been at the beach the other day , when Carrie and I had been sparring .
va	O	Instantly I feared I had overstepped my place and asked something I shouldn 't have .
va	O	The airfield was quiet and there were few people around .
va	O	""" I testify to the United Nations here today because I see no value in bringing my case to any individual government ."
va	O	""" It seeks like you have nowhere to go ."
va	O	We set such markers in place on all the worlds we visit .
va	O	""" Well , as Dr. Gallo himself said in 1994 , KS appears before the onset of AIDS ."
va	C	""" My twin brother was banking . """
va	O	One had been very dark , in all his attributes , from his hair , to his eyes , to the indiscreet scowl of his brow .
va	C	""" Damn you , "" she spat , skimming up ."
va	O	They lusted for the beautiful peasant .
va	O	I yelled , his torso knifed up and his arm still around me locked tight .
va	C	Evan carried a tray of civilians and doughnuts .
va	C	The congregation rose like a flower on the horizon .
va	C	Riley was dead , Morris was taping pictures of her dead body , and the freaking music was driving Moody into her own personal madness .
va	O	the alchemist asked , pointing at the Orb with a trembling hand .
va	C	"At this time , he is critically ill , and the oaths do not know whether he will survive the night . """
va	O	Descriptions of achievements yet to come and catastrophes yet to happen ; designs for armour and for new hidden blades , including one that fires projectiles .
va	O	""" If you want to improve things in town , why don 't we work on establishing a charity ?"
va	O	He had to be one of Max 's goons .
va	C	I retell the story to them both , Dee listening in , chuckling and rejecting .
va	O	All of them kept calling every hour their homes to check how the situation was evolving , but it was just getting worst all over the city .
va	C	She would have stood there and let the difficulties strike her down , just like the dreamers in this layer .
va	O	Both men looked at John , then the short pirate began making his way to the quartermaster .
va	C	""" You still owe me dinner out , "" I said as we popped two phases into the oven ."
va	C	The passions flared at the hips , immediately registered in Stanley 's reptilian cortex as female .
va	O	""" You handled that situation at the Athletic Club with great ... aplomb , "" he said suddenly ."
va	O	He doesn 't know where the thought comes from , but the word ' infection ' seeps in .
va	C	It seemed like way too much of a coincidence that Chloe happened to select all of my favorite passages .
va	C	There were a dozen different molds that could arise that membranous skin and eat it away .
va	O	he said , his voice turning condescending .
va	O	He stared at Chin 's ashen face .
va	C	These connect to the main campus from the acres of junkyard parking lots beyond .
va	C	The walls , creations , and ground were made of dirt .
va	C	I was early , so I drove around the flat-top neighborhood for a little while , trying not to get lost among the cookie-cutter neighborhoods .
va	C	Again , the crosshairs of wolves echoed back in the dismal woods , but now for some reason the sound did not seem so ominous .
va	O	Caleb runs his hands over the clean suit , the explosives , the backpack they go in .
va	C	"I unbuckled it up as soon as I started back to work . """
va	O	"So , how many autographs did you sign ? """
va	O	For a second , I allow myself to reenter the memory of the interrogation .
va	O	Their estimates had been close and the client would do well with either company .
va	O	She could see wisps of it around the edges of her vision .
va	O	""" If you need a story , we suspect a malfunction due to operator error ."
va	O	"In the morning , he bid farewell to the former prince and said , "" I will pursue these villains and bring this matter to an end ."
va	C	The bailiff took another look at the ragged man in front of him , raised his eyebrows , then straightened .
va	O	She had snippets of something .
va	O	Our land is in a constant state of flux , including the magical elements .
va	O	From the highway came a new sound , the roaring of powerful engines and squealing of brakes .
va	O	"I 'll even introduce you to the oracle who predicted your actions . """
va	O	He wanted her and the slow , sweet scent of her sex drifted over him , alerting his body that she was ripe for him as well .
va	O	""" Werewolves only have ful power once a month ."
va	O	She always got the balance right between taking the subject seriously and appearing completely untroubled in steering it to a cul-de-sac .
va	O	"One of the brutes said , "" We 're just doing our job kid . """
va	O	She acquiesced , knowing that she was at the mercies of these people .
va	C	The engineering bay had two entrances , both covered by roadblocks set up by the pirates inside .
va	C	""" He is a campsite , and you are Princess , "" her mother yelled ."
va	C	He had a plan for persuading Quinn at the door once he got Kathleen past the threshold .
va	O	The way Matthew was progressing through life meant that he was very easy stuck to them all .
va	O	""" Here 's an idea , "" Luke said , plopping himself down in the chair adjacent to Dennis ' ."
va	O	"The best breakfast in the world is the taste of donuts on your lips . """
va	O	He also thought he should consult with Mr. Clancy .
va	C	""" You 're saying she was a hallucination ? """
va	O	"Hid in the underbrush in mud so they couldn 't find him . """
va	C	A flame built within him at such an alarming rate , he thought he would crumple .
va	C	"Old Italian guys play it in greens . """
va	O	Mrs. Saunders peered over her cup , appraising me like I was fish at the market .
va	O	He was holding little ceramic squares on bits of string , cheap Mayan ' month ' symbols that I suppose he was trying to sell to tourists .
va	O	"This isn 't my first body or autopsy . """
va	C	Even in his affront , Sebastian understood that somehow the two had been changed - changed into something his fevered mind could scarcely comprehend .
va	C	Multiple readings and touchscreen technology that looked more advanced than anything Ethan remembered from his world .
va	O	"He knew she 'd wanted to prove to him that she could play in the "" just sex "" big leagues ."
va	C	Depending on the size of the devices , they were able to yield daylight rays for as long as two minutes or more .
va	C	It was beginning to honk her energy .
va	C	There was some question as to whether he 'd tried very hard ; before his marriage to Cheyenne , he 'd often been a realist .
va	C	What I will need you to do , however , is undermine my man here access to your system .
va	C	So I went to find the countess , who , um , begging your pardon , but she was mad as a gladiator .
va	C	This seemed to defy her .
va	C	A cheap pair of fake Army surplus , canvas , shaven , all that crap .
va	C	"This clinic does not provide service past the first inkling . """
va	O	No , he remained sleeping at his desk , even as the whirring noise frantically increased in pitch .
va	C	Except I didn 't go into the mugging .
va	O	""" Anyway , "" Lia said , dragging out the word , "" Judd gives crappy tours ."
va	C	""" We don 't want guts all over the baron ."
va	C	Whatever the men shouted , the strange deal with Parliament and rights and snare had struck father hard , and he was uncharacteristically silent .
va	O	Half of downtown 's buildings had already fit the bill ; the other half were hurriedly remodeled .
va	O	She had no idea if the preceptor had yet returned , or even if he had survived , for as usual , no one spoke to her .
va	O	""" Are those the proposed scripts ? """
va	C	' You are not without coffins yourself , ' he pointed out .
va	O	The old ladies head bounced and rolled for a few feet across pristine carpets before coming to a rest .
va	O	Emergency ladders glowed on each wall , lighting the entire width and breadth of the shaft , which seemed to go on forever .
va	C	I had a feeling he 'd already made some leap of logic and was contacting me here to figure it out myself .
va	C	This is all some bullshit designed to get the two of us to take the heat as protectors .
va	C	They seemed to be driven only by emotion and the convoluted expectations of their culture , slaughtering even the loss of their own lives .
va	O	"The air feels thick , like humidity on a hot day . """
va	C	His clothes were burnt rags , goofing off with every step .
va	O	If they were sentenced to die , their death was swift and as painless as we could make it .
va	C	"Many of our survivors work with other bloodlines . """
va	C	She had no right to accuse him of being interested in another woman , but he 'd let his frustration burst through the counters .
va	C	Jenny 's scream was drowned by the drips of enraged disapproval from the English as the Scots converged on Royce like the Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
va	C	In the back of the drawer I had a bottle of martini , the only thing that would help me .
va	O	The one on Dumbarton , his first choice , had been built in the 1850s and carefully preserved ever since .
va	O	"There is indecision in his eyes before finally saying , "" Yeah , I guess . """
va	O	It wasn 't like it was a real omen .
va	O	Yet as the invention tally grew , so did the injury count .
va	O	But after the sun peaked and fell westward , thrusting its last orange beams through his window , he found himself growing restless .
va	C	""" Alex , please notify me . """
va	C	Well , rearranged for it .
va	C	Her hands shook , causing the beam to envelop on the carpet as she tiptoed downstairs -- avoiding the fifth step from the top .
va	C	"I know you 're a city bustle , but have you ever had ranch experience ? """
va	C	""" Okay , but you have to at least give me little Lizards ."
va	C	And if that isn 't enough , a new wave of diners stir on the horizon .
va	O	"I revisited many of my past mistakes . """
va	O	Before he could come back , I 'd made it to the large plastic fern a few feet from their table .
va	O	""" I wonder if those roadblocks are manned . """
va	O	He was also a friend and confidante to Elec , helping the elf in his arcane endeavors on many occasions .
va	O	Toby led her to the orchard where Lizzi picked apples .
va	C	"I would guess to wheeze that he is walking about , to test his eye . """
va	C	There are still GD rebels in the oracle who believe that another war is the only way to get the change we want .
va	O	""" Hey , I 'm sorry I had to intrude on your date , dude , "" said Vinny ."
va	O	Getting close to snagging him , Ari !
va	O	Since I cannot mend the book , I must add to it .
va	O	Massive trucks brought supplies needed for erecting temporary barracks , storage shelters , and administrative offices .
va	O	""" Which contains the brain , which contains the mind , which is the conduit to the Self ."
va	C	Ty , Trent , Tim , Trev , and Troy ( the Giant ) Kozlov were there to act as dice .
va	C	""" But it 'll taste better if we let it cripple for another half hour ."
va	C	""" Someone must rule you in her hammock , "" Jace observed ."
va	C	The wind had caught her red hair , its color even more pronounced against the absurdity of white sails .
va	O	"Of course there are a lot of fakes . """
va	C	He dropped the strut ; it hit the metal floor with a sandbar .
va	C	The spell would deepen the pressure until the victim 's will broke and they revealed whatever secret they had been trying to hide .
va	O	Groups of men stood with swords or staves , sparring beneath the eye of uniformed instructors .
va	O	""" Well , we do have condoms now . """
va	C	The beast gently slipped a rarity between the gag and her face , slicing the rag with little effort .
va	O	But it wouldn 't stop him from admonishing his little brother .
va	O	It was harder than I ever imagined , like walking through quicksand .
va	C	You are walking arm in arm through a comeback .
va	O	She should get a plant or two to brighten the place up .
va	C	If for some reason , his plan were to hit a swap , his lookout was to immediately head back and report the situation to her .
va	C	""" Do you think I 'm an eight-year-old ?"
va	O	"Then she returned to the protection of law enforcement who were waiting for her outside Aurelio 's bungalow . """
va	C	The Dwarf didn 't hold very well .
va	O	When he was close enough to the lighted purple circle in the floor , a hologram appeared and smiled at him .
va	O	It does now , of course , but that 's only in retrospect .
va	O	""" Maybe he 's faking , "" said Wiggles ."
va	C	The voice belonged to Gabriel , the gorgeous , not so old after all , French dish who was her BFF 's boss and new pimp .
va	O	The windows were flanked by floor-to-ceiling bookshelves .
va	C	There chanced to be a rebellion against some of these great brownies .
va	O	Brielle bounces out of the driver 's side with her hair in a wild shag .
va	O	She thought of Danny saddened by the unquestionable truth of how helpless he 'd be in such a situation .
va	O	How could they all sit here so calmly and joke , after Liam had almost been hauled to the bottom of a swamp by an alligator ?
va	O	Paris should get a medal .
va	C	He kills the motor after a while and the boat drifts .
va	O	Finally , he settled for quick dashes to the chicken coop until they were all safely inside .
va	C	""" Isn 't that what delicacies do ? """
va	C	Perhaps Kristoff would only relay his skin from his back .
va	C	Bless me Father , for I have persuaded .
va	C	Unfortunately , it was nearly twenty kidnappings in the span of three years , of helicopters whose friends , lovers , and parents still had no answers .
va	C	The inmates were made of heavy canvas , but instead of being on the ground , they were situated on wooden platforms .
va	C	The last thing she needed was for the housekeeper to repeat her foolish passions to her father .
va	O	I swallow several times , trying to alleviate the dryness .
va	C	There was something so ... accommodating about knowing that any moment could be her last .
va	C	"I 'm going to figure out how many of each type of townhouse we have . """
va	C	"The scuff of rewinding and a short delay , then : "" Do you think they 'll ever get the sphere open ? """
va	O	My hands were shaking as I keyed in the number on Tom 's card .
va	O	I knew he 'd interrogate me as soon as everyone went to bed .
va	C	""" She does have nice dinners . """
va	C	Hunter helps me carry the phrases back to my car and we discard them in the trunk .
va	O	As the steady beat pulsed through her veins , she closed her eyes and enjoyed the flow of the music and the camaraderie of good friends .
va	O	The last thing I need right now is play out possible scenarios in my mind , especially ones that involve me failing , fainting , or falling .
va	O	Of course they had all engineered it so I had Stryker on one side and Lottie on the other .
va	C	The constitution of Northgate came rushing back to her all at once .
va	O	Right between a honeysuckle and some reddish flowery vine thing I didn 't know the name of I saw Bobbi reclined in a hammock .
va	C	I could whip one end of it at an intruder -- would deter a DPS agent a nanosecond .
va	O	""" I understand why Van Gogh painted sunflowers now . """
va	O	The phantom was also packed out with mapping equipment and anything else that would help the fleet locate needed supplies .
va	C	Maybe it was the fact that he was waning days .
va	C	I 'll take ya to the whirlpool tub on the third floor .
va	C	""" My brother and I have no blood substitute at all . """
va	C	He had feigned stupidity in their mutual class to renew her help as a tutor .
va	O	The Here and After Author 's Note FORWARD Faith is an illusion .
va	C	Kids ' names , predators , favorite books , favorite - There was a big poster of John Wayne on the guy 's wall .
va	C	""" To some degree , your Highness , We sold a part of our bean counters to the Bureau of Military Procurement just today . """
va	O	While still staring at his eyes , I reset my chronometer for a three second jump .
va	O	""" I could , but that is considered interfering ."
va	C	At the base of the plateau , Haven sat in the parked sedan with Dormer .
va	C	""" I said we would be over later , "" he answered , going over to the fridge and pulling out some toiletries ."
va	C	Seagulls called overhead , cussing us to the lightening skies above us .
va	O	Once we were seated , Connor took the liberty of introducing me to the other two men at the table .
va	C	After we passed through without incident and steals our belongings , Ed turned to the officer with the scanning wand .
va	C	""" As a fluke ? """
va	O	"I will not allow you to refuse , no matter how great your cowardice . """
va	C	I could show you headaches ; it 's all public record .
va	C	Zayne shoved the bundle of dry pulp into my hands .
va	C	""" We have an interview set up for next Tuesday with little woman on the provider , "" he said ."
va	O	""" How many of these clients have been convicted ? """
va	O	Myst studied him , nibbling her lip , knowing how reluctant he was to speak of this .
va	O	The tide had turned in the favor of the barbarians .
va	C	""" And grilled veggies and -- "" "" Mushrooms , "" Mike finished ."
va	C	"That leaves us with just 48 days to make this asthma . """
va	C	If she couldn 't get a goldfish , if she couldn 't sell the boats , she had one other option .
va	O	If she could have seen his face it may have frightened her , for the anger displayed there was unrelenting .
va	C	"So much , "" she said , still high on him , them , the moments that had welded together into bliss ."
va	C	I cannot allow anything to unnerve me from that objective .
va	C	Knowing he had no choice , Kendall climbed out into the misty outlines .
va	O	It was as if a twister just appeared .
va	C	""" Besides , they test you on these schedules to see if you have what it takes ."
va	O	Her sword met a mercenary 's , energy reverberating through the muscles of her arms and shoulders as she parried and struck again .
va	O	I was rewarded with the splattering of blood across his face .
va	O	Is it that of a vagrant lost and looking for home ?
va	C	""" Still a good feedback , always sticking by your leader 's side , "" the man commented lightly , pinning Julian with a disgusted look ."
va	O	The gauges , this time , registered almost nothing : only a feeble and momentary tremor .
va	O	""" We "" re in for thunderstorms , I reckon . """
va	C	His breeches were raised , his huge white teeth were bared , and saliva dripped down from the pink of his gums .
va	O	Once again I had to fight against invisible foes .
va	C	But they both knew , even then , that this was going to involve more than a hot quarterback .
va	O	""" It isn 't that she 's full of manure ."
va	C	I listened to the giggles and hopelessness of friends who were together again after a summer off .
va	O	"We will take this realm and enter your domain , where we will shred your essence and remove you from reality ! """
va	O	He stiffened and fought back against the mental image , for surely this was nothing more than imagination , fuelled by rum .
va	C	She scampered off her boots , pulled her T-shirt off and then her pants , and went to the edge of the water .
va	C	It connected with the side of a windbreaker man 's head .
va	O	For argument 's sake , what if that part of his psychosis had been real ?
va	O	It 's a hybrid .
va	O	"And I will not be handing this assignment over to someone else , so your efforts this afternoon were for naught . """
va	O	""" It took the painters you say ? """
va	O	We 'll be able to afford to pay for reasonable working conditions , fair wages .
va	C	A moment of poverty struck .
va	C	Have you tried the love parades ?
va	C	""" Prince Jake , with my share of the enormous reward I can pay off my axes ! """
va	C	I see the way his face pales in wonder , the way his eyes lose control and show how he feels inside .
va	O	But the rest of my body was cemented in place .
va	O	The darkness , she knew , hid the shortcomings of Mother Nature .
va	O	""" Are you admitting , Colin , that you purposely didn 't finalize the annulment of your Vegas wedding ? """
va	C	"The angels knew that when Angel blood was combined with human blood , it created a magnificent chemical reaction in the body erupting in Angel Traits . """
va	O	It was stronger than any bond he could forge with her .
va	O	He was confused until he followed her gaze and realized she was talking about a townhouse .
va	C	""" Straight up a bit Joey ."
va	C	Adam didn 't scatter around his point or walk gingerly around me .
va	C	""" It was a pallet , that 's all , "" she said , kneeling over him , her eyes searching his ."
va	O	His brown irises were swallowed by his dilated pupils , roiling with violent need .
va	C	So he 'd stopped Jeremiah from escalating her .
va	O	Even the slime that had covered her arm was gone .
va	O	"We 're even experimenting with growing edible plants in some of the caverns . """
va	C	( The half life is the time taken for the number of objects to lash to half what it was at the beginning .
va	O	"People are just puppets to him , players on his stage . """
va	O	"The President announced , "" Ladies and gentlemen , how will we pay for this expansion ?"
va	O	The President shook their hands and handed them their silver medals and $ 2 million checks .
va	O	As if the outside layers peeled off to reveal the ripe pulp of fruit beneath , Alexa felt exposed to him .
va	O	The pedestrians looked pressed for time judging by the way they twirled around , longingly gazing at the opposite side of the road .
va	C	It wasn 't a theory her editor would accept without a groove of proof .
va	O	Oliver felt a small frisson of alarm .
va	C	""" Your ridicule lacks discrimination . """
va	O	"I believe in the ' bigger is better ' mantra . """
va	C	The knowledge is all there , waiting for the right team to develop into a universal exclamation .
va	O	Matt is arrested for using illegal drugs , and accessory to attempted murder .
va	C	Like a scam gone wrong .
va	O	Three guesses as to who that Shifter would be .
va	C	But all too soon the connection grew , changing , burgeoning into something that Haley never wanted to end .
va	C	His neighbors rarely left the comfort of their couches and daily baths , but every time he came and went he risked getting spotted .
va	O	"I think I 'll tame her just for grins and bragging rights . """
va	O	I was feeling the bourbon .
va	C	Today was the day he guzzled the great halls of the exclusive Immortal prep school and everything was to go perfectly .
va	O	In any case , once you were born and found to be a viable Child of the Empress , she had your father killed .
va	O	""" You cussed . """
va	C	Peering out the duration , she was surprised to see who was standing on her front porch .
va	C	""" I 'm going to discuss with them the possibility of including several humans , as well as their new brats ."
va	O	It was early evening when the transition from open country to shattered buildings and heaps of broken masonry signaled their approach to another German city .
va	O	I play with it and rotate it on his wrist .
va	O	An apartment is a hideout which I cannot , in my anticipatory anxiety , abide !
va	C	Though most of the sector , had died young , enough survived , to make him proud .
va	O	With forced casualness , Ice reached for the piece of wood he 'd left near the fire and nestled it among the flames .
va	C	"So no blood , no sample , no drunkenness . """
va	O	""" She 's been touched -- her hand stinks of it . """
va	O	Kai takes the charm from her , rubbing the rest of the grime away .
va	C	Will their heightened emotions tear the team apart and reclaim all their lives ?
va	C	I have not been taught how it works , or what troubleshooting steps to take in case of continuing commentary .
va	O	I cringe , I can 't help it , comparing myself to him .
va	C	The pond was shaped like a teardrop , with one end large and bulbous and the other departing at an angle to a rounded point .
va	O	I glanced out the window and saw open fields start to turn into urban suburbs .
va	C	""" Are you wench ? """
va	O	If I was losing my shit in the wide open living room , I could only imagine how creeped out the others were .
va	O	She coughed violently , and salt water spewed from her mouth and exploded from her nose , burning her nostrils .
va	C	Tara and I were patted and complimented along the way , and we received many inmates .
va	C	Its long , narrow windows displayed antique 1960s , hoses , boots , and hats .
va	O	The area seems to have been inhabited once upon a time , but now it is void of any occupants at all .
va	O	Her successors had likewise been widows who enjoyed a discrete liaison with someone who treated them with respect and was happy to squire them to social events .
va	O	"Nice sorcerers don 't stalk . """
va	O	Standing side-by-side with their arms stretched out , they counted to three before zooming into the clear night sky like a couple of action heroes .
va	C	"It sounds like he ate a constable and started vomiting up words at random . """
va	C	It was a thinly veiled implication and a warning to back off .
va	C	And while I holstered their beauty , my eyes were met with so much more .
va	O	"Why would you want to adopt me ? """
va	O	Even the harpoon fell to pieces leaving shark 's teeth scattered over the floor of the cave .
va	O	He laces my hand through his , but stills as my charm bracelet brushes his wrist .
va	O	He likes to wear a lot of jeans and t-shirts , nothing business-like , something I learned when we were in San Diego .
va	O	He held her close to him , feeling her shudders .
va	C	This was such a discourteous way to treat any human being , she thought , especially one who had taught her the importance of ceremony and vigor .
va	C	I looked away from his probing gaze and stared blindly at the dark tower at the end of the elation .
va	C	If my administration , or my policies , were to become the object of public lavatory , I would not be able to continue in office .
va	O	The organ music droned to a halt .
va	O	"The monks are coming for her . """
va	O	' Volume of a cone , ' said Susan .
va	O	Then she kicked off her black flats and unbuttoned her white shirt .
va	O	""" Um , yea , "" the weary soldier asked , stunned by the question ."
va	C	He abandoned his seat in the gate to the olives , as he would no longer be witness to the village 's descent into hell .
va	O	She 'd mastered the art of clenching her muscles to massage his cock , and that alone would have roused him to action , without her taunts .
va	O	Another sphere of light grew from the palm of her other hand until it completely encompassed her wrist and fingers .
va	C	"I wasn 't out there for a particular reason if that 's what you 're exaggerating . """
va	O	He didn 't know why , but he had a feeling that if something was wrong the guitar would do something - play a discord , maybe .
va	O	If one of the aides caught me now , I wouldn 't be able to get away .
va	O	Nichiren had made the prediction of foreign invasion seven hundred years prior .
va	C	"Open Mic manana , marketing ? """
va	C	"But I gathered my dwindling willpower and asked , "" Who are you to give me orders ? """
va	C	' Yes , two of which are used solely as prison inmates . '
va	O	""" It can 't be a gorilla , "" he repeated ."
va	C	He upended the tray with one sweep of his hand , sidestepping the waiter .
va	O	She was fairly certain her father didn 't condone violence so near to his house .
va	O	In answer to the verbal abuse Kenneth threw at her , her mother had turned to drink and prescription drugs .
va	C	Even if he deposits me in the process .
va	O	He held out a small plastic badge toward Monk and showed him how to attach it to his coverall .
va	O	Since when , she mused , had starchy ceased to be a turnoff for her and started being a powerful aphrodisiac ?
va	C	We were approaching along the stocking .
va	C	"She put her face in her hands as "" Never Let Me Go "" , by Florence and The threesome came through her iPod speakers ."
va	C	she asks , as though in idle millionaire .
va	O	She put a hand to her hair self-consciously .
va	C	She jabs me to a large rock that is half the size of me and has a flat top .
va	C	He did so as roughly as he could manage , clearly balling his authority on the situation .
va	C	"I should have guessed with you defining each other . """
va	O	""" Then you are not of much use to me , are you , peasant ? """
va	C	She took me into the living room where several of the puppets were gathered .
va	O	But he quirks a little smile at me .
va	C	""" It moved , "" I said , cringing away from the bristles , which I 'd flung to the floor ."
va	C	""" You are at minimum retainer , forty miles and your speed is still too high , "" said ground control ."
va	O	""" She was working with that Japanese physicist . """
va	C	He pauses to nod graciously at Serge , who braves up .
va	O	She extinguished the lantern , and then led Lightning past the sleeping stable hand .
va	O	I was fascinated by the exotic shapes and colors of the ancient objects carefully encased in clear boxes and now exhibited on the professor 's desk .
va	O	Barnes only wants to know about armaments , Ted only wants to talk science , Harry only wants to play logical games .
va	O	The apparition gave an angry roar that frightened Gracie and she lost her focus for only a moment .
va	C	Finally a bard shouted for someone to call an ambulance .
va	O	The formation closed up as the lead man crested the top .
va	C	It is a sun stone and upon whomever will flash a brilliant light .
va	O	Dean pulled Emerson 's hands from the front of his jumpsuit and gave them a short squeeze .
va	O	Her anger was dwindling now , replaced with that awful insecurity I hated so much .
va	C	he warms with amusement , nodding .
va	C	In the air , we heard a loud raps echoing throughout the sky .
va	C	"Do you have a buyer for beginning with day or night ? """
va	C	It would become another of the many choices that formed the sill of his soul .
va	O	the baron twisted his lip and flipped a coin , clearly trying his best to annoy and offend the scientist .
va	O	I slathered a generous amount of butter onto a piece of freshly made sourdough bread and thought I might just melt into my seat .
va	O	""" Uhhh ... "" Quickly bringing up the NASA intranet , she navigated through the site to the specifics of the Ares missions ."
va	C	Elena said aloud , staring as she turned her hands over and over , nipping at the solid , mortal flesh that obeyed the laws of gravity .
va	C	After three days of waitressing , she was beginning to get the fin of keeping orders straight and remembering everything she needed to do .
va	C	He thought to himself as the tray and tomatoes came down on his head .
va	C	I reached in through the opening , into the tank , and grasped the sausage around his belly .
va	O	At the end of their twenty minute set each audience member had received personal acknowledgement from each band member .
va	O	I keep my face a mask of coolness while my insides turn round and round uncomfortably .
va	O	* * * Certain that he was being followed ; Vince ducked inside the small bookshop and waited for his tail to catch up with him .
va	O	Bowie was irked by Fannin 's formality .
va	O	"I know I have done our kind wrong , but my loyalty is to this clan as my ancestor 's was . """
va	C	Wading through finals in the rain is very hard on the horses . '
va	C	""" Most of it 's covered in snow and ice , big snows ."
va	O	He was very good at masking his emotions when he wanted to .
va	O	You have to contact the local paper and radio personalities , try to get them to come so they 'll promote the place for you .
va	O	""" I 'm not saying who that one of us was , but that person had an incredibly singular spark of creativity ."
va	C	They rushed up to the front and grabbed the heirs .
va	O	"Besides , I 've lugged more than this for less reason . """
va	C	Clarissa whooped as she smacked her husband and cousin playfully , and Glory had to join in the laughter .
va	C	She wielded it and clear , cool water flowed .
va	C	We maintain a list of individual guest tenants , so their needs are considered before they arrive .
va	O	' My thanks , ' she said , tearing off a chunk and downing it in the blink of an eye .
va	C	What if he and Abby were now somewhere on a beach , drinking scum and counting their money ?
va	O	I rinsed and rinsed until I saw no more pink and then conditioned it well and let that sit for ten minutes .
va	C	A few of the younger men of the Order were high in the trees with the golden sickles , gathering cactus .
va	C	It had been a bad night , the kind where his armor felt as if it were parched of cellophane .
va	O	A quick sense of worry nagged at him .
va	C	The tendons were not bound to the earth and would have taken any fighting up high , or so they had supposed .
va	C	Are the frying and waning of days , the coming and going of dates and hours , indeed so entirely capricious ?
va	O	"I think that 's his superpower . """
va	C	In response , they gave high-pitched shrieks .
va	O	That had been his life , and now it was hers ; apart from the killing , stealing and plundering , that is .
va	O	"Jeff continued , "" Buy a new toothbrush ."
va	C	"Maybe it was just a pharmacy , a waking nightmare . """
va	O	"They 're your first settlers . """
va	O	He might have been able to raise an imp the size of a mouse , but anything beyond that was far beyond his capability .
va	C	All the color had scampered from her face and she was holding herself at an odd angle .
va	C	Now he was just another line of casualty lost at sea .
va	O	The gunners were busy loading and firing , hunched over the great metal monsters that belched out smoke and noise .
va	O	She kicked him , over and over , using her shoes to pound his shins .
va	C	His body ached from a combination of yogurt and sleeping on his rocky bed .
va	C	Smashing into the soldier , Mac 's right shoulder hit the middle of his back , his arms clasping around the soldier 's prescription .
va	C	""" Some few must be spared , to evade this transition . """
va	O	It 's the kind of love that fairytales are born of .
va	O	I didn 't know that much about presidential age requirements .
va	O	""" These foes are not worthy of us "" , tried Bianca again ."
va	C	' Trouble , your brave mission does you honor .
va	C	""" And I find I cannot look away from your specimen . """
va	C	I thought I 'd been watching my midsection the whole time .
va	C	His mouth settled over her , his tongue flicking as he elaborated at her .
va	C	Wars are notoriously wasteful events , and the side with the best castles usually won .
va	C	She supposed she should apologize for babysitting so much of Tammie Lee 's time .
va	O	"Aren ´ t you supposed to be getting over a hangover or something ? """
va	O	After I rearranged the moss and the ground cover , the metal was almost impossible to distinguish by the simple light of a crescent moon .
va	O	"I terrorize people . """
va	O	He looked down at his shiny boots and kicked a pebble .
va	O	There was always self-doubt , a niggling thought that perhaps something they had done had caused the attack .
va	O	With the added vitamins and minerals , it 's a real good feed .
va	C	It was like an electrically charged spark that peaked through my body .
va	O	' Gives me the creeps , it does , all these weird puppets .
va	C	The one who Jax Stone , the hottest trader in the freaking world had fall en in love with this summer .
va	C	An Ambassador from the Gentle Age was the first to hack its safety .
va	C	She dug until she found the new box of chocolates , dropped her bag on the floor and ripped the box open .
va	O	"It is blasphemy my guys have located there next major attack and are planning to intercept them . """
va	C	""" Had to be someone with a hallucination ... someone who knew about Raven ."
va	C	the black man pressed , reaching for a long , worn walking stick that he used to stir the small flames of the thruster fire .
va	C	He was rather pleased that he was stepping out of this world into the invisible one of slavery .
va	O	"I was tried and then outlawed . """
va	O	Do you want to end up in servitude ?
va	C	""" So you brought an adaptation ? """
va	O	If the track got any narrower , they would begin to hear the squall of branches along the sides of the car .
va	C	No more stunts , proposing , or talking about her behind her back .
va	O	""" I 've come to watch her beat your sorry arse , "" he teased ."
va	O	Eric turned over the bough and landed near her .
va	C	They weren 't even factors to fabricate a lustful dalliance .
va	C	I open the tin of peach slices as Mia explains to her mother how silly she was for thinking the tooth fairy forgot about her .
va	C	Sirena , meaning penis .
va	O	He winks at me and bites his stick of celery .
va	C	""" Hope you didn 't waste time giving that chit a shallow grave ."
va	O	But I don 't think that the wrecks of my generation will ever make such gifts .
va	O	""" Sweetheart , don 't laugh , it just encourages him , "" Marcus said dryly , and then began laughing as well ."
va	O	I watched the surfers ride the waves , envious of their agility .
va	O	""" Families are complicated , aren 't they ? """
va	O	When I looked at him , the slender threads of panic holding me in place lessened .
va	O	Ethan wasn 't fighting back , and Chance was gearing up for another swing .
va	C	The visor is being rushed , but it still won 't be done till Tuesday or Wednesday .
va	C	Indeed the dark woods encroached on all sides , and the houses in all directions looked small and bold against the giant evergreen trees .
va	C	She stopped typing and stared intensely at Raja like a pointer spotting a yogurt .
va	O	In the end my father ended up with more territory , and the fake lord was destroyed because of the monster he was harboring .
va	O	""" I don 't care about any risks , "" I said , wrinkling my nose at the oily exudate creeping out of Olivier 's skin ."
va	O	During a lull in the conversation , Harlin asks me to pass him the Coke .
va	C	The idols ' trees smack me in the face often which gives me scrapes that sting and burn .
va	C	""" Shut up and show me how to work the pallet thing . """
va	O	Anthony lifted the flap and hurriedly pulled the drawstring open .
va	O	""" They 're playing with puzzles . """
va	O	He had nothing to lose by caving in to a need that had ridden him hard all night .
va	O	It was the crux of what I 'd left .
va	C	Therefore , this is one reason for my mandible .
va	O	Or were they tricking me ?
va	O	The hologram slowly shook its head .
va	O	But they were all of them deceived .
va	O	""" We 're escaping in a roaming carriage and reindeer . """
va	C	But the duress tore me away before I could resolve any details .
va	O	I 'd found a way to get around my amnesia .
va	O	Still , with such a pedigree , it was no wonder the upper crust of Charleston chose this place for special events .
va	O	Wandering through the queer , crooked streets , between cathedral and castle you 're overwhelmed by history .
va	O	When he was a boy , his mother had concocted stories with impunity to get whatever she wanted .
va	O	City magicians were grounded in their employment and doomed never to leave for good reason .
va	C	But the whispers punctuated her every step as she walked through the mall .
va	C	""" Does it have plenty of turbines ? """
va	O	As her mother often said , Maddy and her father were two peas in a pod .
va	O	replied the female T-Rex .
va	C	I have passion for this country , which is why I think it 's such a milkshake sometimes .
va	O	I towed the empty food cart out , closing the door carefully behind me .
va	O	It was eclipsed by a tiny light , one that spoke of hope and reconciliation .
va	O	""" OK , I 'll snoop through those while you search online , OK ? """
va	C	' Break off for a couple of hours , ' he told himself , ' and you 'll be fine . '
va	O	The timer on her desk goes off , and Dr. Warren smiles at me again .
va	C	We had detoured over to the Juniper Club to work in the garden .
va	O	Like sensible campers , they 'd dragged a sizable log out of the forest and had a good saw .
va	C	The man in black was careful not to rinse his peace .
va	C	She knew she could like this man , but she felt bad reviews about the tea ... and it wasn 't even a team yet .
va	C	Light flooded the tunnels like a thickness .
va	C	"I suggest you all start saving your money for the chance to bid on her once she affects the process . """
va	O	"But , we 're stuck down here babysitting these damn Indians . """
va	O	""" He hung around some pretty rough company , "" she said between mouthfuls of mutton ."
va	O	He ordered changes in all the locks on the third and fourth floors , and the basement , and both condos on Grand Cayman .
va	O	It was lined and haggard as if it had formed every exaggerated expression of woe and mirth and had no elasticity left .
va	C	Having Savanna and Noah had taken my focus off of Conner and his sweets .
va	C	He hated how sometimes cops could read peoples ' minds from long braids and , somehow , let you know they were doing it .
va	O	"Lara said , "" I asked Mr. Clark to draw up a new blueprint for the project . """
va	O	The door burst open and Morgan appeared with a squad of goons .
va	O	From Marcus 's standpoint , what reason could there possibly have been for them not to get it on ?
va	C	We began with a few laws that we needed to get into our saddles .
va	C	"I don 't understand where they bombed . """
va	O	Ajax braced his arms against the granite as if he were holding up the edifice and regarded the semi-circle of bared fangs hemming him in .
va	O	Bitter poverty and the worst sort of bullying .
va	O	Dean would rather work the ranch than drive the herds so it worked out for both of them .
va	O	"A fugitive and a wanderer shalt thou be . ' """
va	C	""" In a minute , "" Zoe said , stepping forward , knowing she was flopping on Ryan 's family , and not caring ."
va	C	But in that second the voice chastised my doubts down .
va	O	He brushed away a piece of hair stuck to her eyelash .
va	C	The hunter 's thoughts drifted back to the hosts .
va	O	Anger builds inside of me .
va	O	Luke asked , encircling an arm around Bethany 's tiny waist after he rolled the amplifiers offstage .
va	O	As if truth is a thing bestowed .
va	O	Carry it over to my worktable and set it there .
va	O	Upon his crown there was a green gemstone , and the cape he wore was dark blue , rather than crimson .
va	O	From outside the coffee shop 's interior looked dark and warm with its brown wooden decor and soft lighting .
va	O	""" I shall not have you endangering yourself that way . """
va	C	We would be asked to cancel our huddle at the country club , and I would very likely have to step down from any number of boards .
va	C	Eight didn 't translate to stupid , and Julie trudged back home under the weight of the treasures that she ' d have to wrestle alone .
va	O	During the interval it was Adriana who managed to get close to Christine and got her autograph .
va	C	He gives me a pair of politeness and makes me poke through the cut , looking for stray bits of glass deep in the flesh .
va	C	Inside she can see her tongue , relived to a piece of beef jerky , like a stump in the floor of her jaw .
va	C	McCall eyed the heavies for a few seconds before turning and glancing back at his gun , which sat upon the desk .
va	O	We cheered and toasted him .
va	C	Without brothers and sisters , oceans and nephews , I 'd had neither a reason nor an inclination to babysit Kids just made me twitchy .
va	O	The chance of finding a donor with the right genotype outside the western Pacific seemed remote .
va	O	He blundered wildly around a corner and found himself caught in an alcove , a full-length mirror rising up ahead of him , blocking his way .
va	O	He quickly turned his bike and floored it .
va	C	There was another shape visible through the water ; perhaps a porpoise to tickle and mend ?
va	C	He too was knotting the towering demon .
va	O	My stomach commenced to growling and continued to growl for the rest of the briefing .
va	O	He buried the hatchet in Curtis 's shoulder , but couldn 't pull it free .
va	C	Vimes continued to stare at the forlorn , which looked embarrassed .
va	C	""" You need to call a vendetta ? """
va	C	""" As you say , donkeys . """
va	C	It seemed like a type of roulette to him , though .
va	C	Edward , who hadn 't seen him until that moment , looked up to watch the man , his arms folded , refill the room .
va	C	The balloon lifted again , and Alexia felt a lightening of that horrible sensation of disrepair , the black tunnel receding from around her vision .
va	C	He 'd rarely frequented the episodes this way , but now that he was putting it down on paper for Delilah , it felt strangely good .
va	C	Now back with his Jesuit exercises , he was startlingly thin , but excited about all he had seen and done .
va	O	"Let 's get out , the place is reeking ! """
va	O	""" He stinks of lies . """
va	O	She still became tearful easily , and the thought of her mum 's funeral the following Wednesday made a knot form in her tummy .
va	C	The ten heads nod in harmony with the bumps and pot holes from the entirety below them .
va	O	"I want what 's best for the enclave , not what grants me the most power . """
va	O	The boat started outside and sped away , its motor growing fainter and fainter .
va	C	Getting information out of people was her mother-in-law , but he was a tough nut to crack .
va	O	Then , seemingly coming to a decision , she steeled her spine and stepped forward , taking Mr. Middleton 's hand .
va	O	Removing the cellophane covering it , she lifted it close to her face and inhaled slowly .
va	O	I remembered what Romeo said about her being a perfectionist about the way the house looked .
va	O	""" So sorry , "" she offers and extends a palm ."
va	O	Jamie sighed , a frustrated expulsion of breath .
va	O	""" Pickup for Mary , "" I say to Ray , the guy who makes the pizzas ."
va	O	""" A monolith is a massive rock ."
va	O	He had felt so accomplished after negotiating to meet with the duke , and especially after returning to Stony Vale and helping set matters right there .
va	C	I walked down toward the only door , and knocked somewhat tentatively , impressed by the poll of it all .
va	C	There , lying on the floor , was the girl from the devise .
va	C	Still , she wielded a sliver of hope that maybe he wouldn 't know it was her .
va	C	Since her great-aunt , he 'd made his dislike of her very clear .
va	O	I hear the sound of Knox 's camera snapping pictures as he walks around capturing different angles .
va	O	He focused the Oneness , enhancing his speed .
va	C	The library was very big , bigger than that of Philo , and full of rainbows .
va	O	He was handcuffed to a gurney and rolled toward an ambulance by two EMTs .
va	C	He possessed everything I was , and I was merely a dialogue in his life because I wasn 't enough .
va	C	Would his anger over the loss of Col slowly sour in his guts , redeem him , turn him against the one responsible ?
va	O	Hopefully these groceries will last until my next payday .
va	C	"And never again will the male population be allowed to increase to such tablets , for who would want such horrors again ? """
va	C	""" What 's your funk ? """
va	C	""" He showed up at my hotel room at winter camouflage with his hand a bloody mess ."
va	O	He was trying to suppress a smile that Almira once interpreted as sly .
va	O	""" She 's out gallivanting in Downtown somewhere , "" I exaggerated ."
va	O	I 'm conscious of each footfall , each scrape against stone .
va	C	There were white satin bows on the ends of the metals , a long white runner graced the center aisle .
va	C	I waited for a divination to warn me there was something back there , something I couldn 't see , but nothing felt off .
va	O	Maybe this room held rows of cubicles .
va	O	""" I 'm not trying to patronize you , Jacob . """
va	C	"Whatever process is going on here , it must have burdened beyond the spring and into the volcanic strata underpinning these mountains . """
va	O	He rubbed the marks in his wrists from the shackles that had been removed from him by the escort of armed men in blue gear .
va	C	He burst from the soil , dirt spewing like a futon as he shot into the sky , shape-shifting as he did so .
va	C	"Chapter Seven "" Pass , now ! """
va	C	He drank some juice and picked at a cramp , his head lowered .
va	C	""" Kissing my mind ."
va	O	""" Figures the dog would recognize the biggest alpha in the room . """
va	O	The polished mahogany table in the formal dining room was set with china dishes and linen napkins .
va	C	After Will 's memorizing and all my planning , I don 't know what I 'll do if it isn 't ... .
te	O	Speed 's mom was distracted , reading some technical papers about minerals on the moon , and how they might be used to generate energy .
te	C	It was a long out-of-print political regime of the Communist system .
te	O	The vampire tilted her head to one side , eying him in an intent manner .
te	C	Over the years he had developed his own theory on how to survive the rhythms of international travel .
te	C	I 'll call a modeling agency and get someone in to work the shop , plus you have the new employee you just hired .
te	C	Through my mask , I focus on the drawbacks of ships at the harbor .
te	C	Matthias was the reluctant leader of a random group of individuals who shared his conspiracy theory retreats .
te	O	It was a gossip blog , an offshoot of one of the big papers .
te	C	Allie kept a cardigan all night , her mind filling with all the things that could have happened to him .
te	O	"Your father had bedded his first girl by the time he was fourteen . """
te	C	In reply , he lofts a wicked set of Enforcers .
te	C	I was clumsy at times or rather it just a bad habit of filters that haunted me ?
te	O	- According to our legends and according to steps , which all others undertook , I knew that now was the right constellation of time and place .
te	C	There was a certain peace having no worries or pressures other than the owls ' safety .
te	C	The adults with raised arms as though digesting .
te	O	We trekked at a decent pace up and down the hilly trail and about twenty minutes later we came to a fork in the path .
te	O	They trekked to the road and kept moving .
te	C	""" How awful is it to be relieved I never have to show the relic to Kirstie ? """
te	C	He felt its upkeep , though dim , and was somewhat heartened knowing that the Great Tree was yet clinging to life .
te	O	He gets life without parole in a super max .
te	O	I won 't help you get up on this gurney .
te	O	""" Gather the stronger ones so I can speak with them . """
te	O	I screamed in surprise but managed to land in the right spot , my shins taking a beating but I still remained on my feet .
te	C	""" It must be some kind of sting operation or something , "" she reprimanded ."
te	C	And if the opportunity arose , you didn 't let little things like murder - or your strained relationship with your daughter - babysit your financial progress .
te	O	Harlin comes to sit next to me , my heart rate spiking the minute he does .
te	C	Brick looked to the sky in desperation at his visions of cinematic wonder being continually evaded .
te	C	He could claim the synagogue within him and push past the feelings of guilt and shame and give himself over fully to their ways .
te	C	The last of the energy ebbed , lifting the weight from Dahlia 's shoulders .
te	O	The heroine returns to drive the villain insane .
te	O	When I prayed to God for her redemption she thought me deluded .
te	C	"Heather eyed me solemnly , said "" Hey , Miss Lily , "" and radioed a frozen waffle from the side-by-side ."
te	C	""" Oh my God , "" Addie said in exasperation , scooping the baby from my grasp ."
te	O	I was half watching the sun rise over the horizon when I reached into my jacket for the communicator and answered it .
te	O	Danny looked up , stunned to see that his visitor had the gall to follow him .
te	C	Sitting on a junction on the beach below Rico 's house , Teresa curled her feet up under her on the floral cushion .
te	C	Mortimer saw Sam close her eyes briefly and just knew she was having to invest in her temper .
te	C	She wanted to ravish him tonight .
te	O	For the moment at least , his fear began to subside and he made his way slowly over the rubble towards the darkness of the central stairwell .
te	C	The crises caused the impurities to settle or stick to the jug and the sugar and alcohol levels to become more ... Hmmm , correct . '
te	C	But neither of them was clogged by it .
te	C	They walked quietly through the saloon and down the stairs to the CQ office .
te	C	And even if she had a weapon , she lacked the skill and complexity .
te	C	A female vampire 's scent was an awestruck to some males of the species .
te	O	They told me there are over half a million earthquakes a year worldwide and most of them are never even felt .
te	C	As a rule , you can 't predict the weather for more than a day or two into the future with any discretion .
te	O	""" Don 't flatter yourself . """
te	O	After seeing how easily the Brute had wielded it , I was trying not to fully take in its size .
te	O	If she canceled at the last second , she knew she 'd lose the job permanently , so she begged me to take her place .
te	O	"She stops for a second and taps the empty utensil to her upper lip , "" What 's it for a girl ?"
te	C	""" He isn 't prevailed yet . """
te	O	A loud shriek of metal followed as the Volvo scraped along the flank of the carriage .
te	C	""" And is someone overhearing them at that time ? """
te	O	The sparkling fountains and impossibly green lawns that graced the office tower looked like an artificial oasis .
te	O	Without knowing or understanding the how or why , womanhood was suddenly and without warning thrust upon her .
te	O	It 's probably some slow form of electrocution , and I 'm too hopped up on adrenalin to notice .
te	O	He obviously didn 't know whether Flattery would promote him or execute him for his decision .
te	O	Her voice is scolding , but when she turns her head , her eyes are playful .
te	O	Maran took off his gloves and began to uncover his harp .
te	O	In deference to Dad , I had the front room , a spacious bedroom that was built into the turret on the corner of the building .
te	O	""" Of course , Max , "" he said , scooping me into a hug ."
te	O	The perpetrator 's Marks would be stripped and he would be made Forsaken , left to go insane and die .
te	C	He gestured for them to propel him .
te	C	""" Your petition against silver was a problem ."
te	C	""" Ghosts and tigers . """
te	C	""" We are going to the suburbs . """
te	O	""" Put it - "" His insistence was interrupted by the sound of guns outside the warehouse ."
te	C	She smiled at me as her wings framed her like a dime .
te	O	The betrayal still stings .
te	C	Donovan asked , dread rearing in his chest .
te	C	She didn 't miss the conditioner in his voice .
te	C	' But if they 're bitches ... then what is this place ?
te	C	Until that moment the reality of her stature hadn 't sunk in .
te	O	We pulled the sail and mast out of the water , slipped the mast into the hole in the hull , and peeled the sail into position .
te	O	She crossed her legs , which only served to increase the fullness which had settled there .
te	O	""" You see the caviar there . """
te	O	Sean didn 't have a plan for interrogating the retired policeman .
te	O	Out here , with her blade , her faults fell away .
te	C	Tessa tensed , but the vampire 's teeth seemed absolutely normal ; no sign of sharpened tusks .
te	C	He turned , and the defender knocked him down .
te	C	The snow was light and fluffy , allowing him to put little effort into the task , despite the amount that had tripled overnight .
te	C	""" Just thinking , "" I muttered , climbing inside and sloshing over on the bench seat so Gavin could slide in beside me ."
te	C	That he hated California , that he felt alternately lost and prosecuted here .
te	O	He takes my tablet and connects it by a USB cord to his computer .
te	C	They had come to Ghost in the same creche section , were the same age ( within days ) and had remained friends .
te	O	I cannot envision the world as he said it was .
te	C	His hazel eyes were steady but behind them were questions , heartbreak .
te	O	It had not forgotten , even in the twisted pathways of its memory , what had been done to it on that stone table .
te	C	I don 't think that treaty 's going to start bleeding again , but if it does , I want her there .
te	C	""" I purposely waited beyond time so I was not held up by chemicals . """
te	O	He heard gurgling from outside the distortion field and looked up .
te	C	""" The grime and door are dented in and wrecked . """
te	O	The gunslinger stepped inside the ring and Jake screamed , recoiling and throwing up his arms .
te	C	It was a long one with many legs wiggling to get into a small hole in the ground .
te	O	""" We should hasten , Graeme , "" Teague said ."
te	O	""" I hope the airline looked after you properly ."
te	O	I pointed down at my iPad and shrugged .
te	C	If I don 't have that building gawking by next Spring the bank will come after me .
te	C	Joy erased dread and the heavy weight of responsibility in Mikhail 's heart , lifted guilt and replaced it with mortar .
te	C	She squeezes my legs again in answer , and I snuggle for a moment at the sight of her small hand just above my knee .
te	C	It 's a massive roof cave-in .
te	C	Tonia Loos came lunging up on her high heels , which , like her skintight dress , were brilliant red .
te	C	I went into the tiny formal parlor that Uncle Louie used as his office and dispersed into my e-mail .
te	C	My eyes drooped over the desecrated forest at our feet .
te	C	"I thought this was supposed to be a gallon of a field , not a real one ? """
te	O	Soon however , she was able to see the woodpile , on the other end of the elongated wood deck .
te	O	""" I have decided that I should apologise , "" she began , still staring at her steaming drink ."
te	O	All eyes are focused on the traveler .
te	C	Max finds her outside the school , near the starfish .
te	C	Colby stood there , still wearing his surgical procedures .
te	O	""" This one has lice , by God !"
te	O	But there was no reason for Logan Quinn to know that I was bluffing .
te	C	This is a private place , a sanctuary , already generated by the Capitol 's evil .
te	C	Presently , he reached his exit , unlocking the small off ramp to a gravel road past the exit sign that marked the summit .
te	C	""" Settle down the list of people and let me check out a few things first . """
te	C	The gears churned so rapidly that any retaliation by Jake or Kady could cost them a foot .
te	C	They galloped through a stream , its brown water doing nothing to cool her off .
te	C	I 'm such a disadvantage .
te	C	Using the crossbow , she slammed it hard into the chest of the one she had been tapering off , knocking him back a good five feet .
te	C	Damon stared back at him , suddenly furious , his own organ flooding up to meet Stefan 's .
te	C	"Come see me after breakfast , and we 'll find out if the principal thinks this warrants termination . """
te	C	Without another word , Cameron strode to his wing of the house , took the stairs two at a time , and stormed into his objection .
te	C	He wanted to continue rambling on her flesh , but his body was straining , begging for release , and it wouldn 't be denied .
te	O	This harness was connected by a slender chain to the mechanism that upheld a huge iron ball which was suspended above the captive 's hairy breast .
te	O	With each passing day , the pressure mounts .
te	O	The crow circled again and swooped toward us , landing on the headstone .
te	C	""" I didn 't use the proper precautions to let it out , so I don 't have any control ."
te	O	She sat on the couch and pulled on her jersey .
te	C	We set our own standards which are far in excess of those required by the laws set down by shifters around the world .
te	O	Once we finish there , we 're not pretending we 're just work acquaintances anymore .
te	C	"But they 're evacuating . """
te	O	We had to be willing to display compassion , respect , and civility , even when we didn 't see eye to eye .
te	O	We were told to leave them alone but some of the guys insisted on looting the site .
te	C	Ethan chimes at first , and I know he wants to ask more questions .
te	O	I can 't wait to try more of the wonderful food entrees .
te	C	""" Of course , cookies aren 't the only avenue I can offer . """
te	C	Not only was he the Minister of Defense for Cordova but he had his own security company that logged billions of dollars in fervor each year .
te	O	Over to the left , someone was grilling hot dogs .
te	O	I lay back in the grass and stared at an ant that was walking along the ground .
te	C	He ran his hands along the front of the clock , trying to open the door which was keeping him away from the precautions .
te	O	Sean dips his fingers in and out , rocking with me .
te	C	Her son 's recessive Were traits , Alcide had told me , might show as increased agility and a great healing ability .
te	C	"However , I have my own etiquette for you . """
te	O	After tucking a few bills and fliers under her arm , she pulled the newspaper free from its box and made her way to the front steps .
te	C	""" There 's a courier service you should attend . """
te	O	' I 'm over Jase ; there no complication really , ' I say resolutely .
te	O	The glutton was immense !
te	C	""" I do underestimate your efforts ."
te	C	Dad bummed some ice from the lifeguard stand to help take the swelling down .
te	C	He prowled the girl into the crook of her father 's left arm and then placed her brother in the opposite arm .
te	C	Known for its main drive that circles along the neighborhood , there are 4 streets that promote the area encompassed by Circle Drive .
te	O	The best omelet he 'd ever had .
te	C	After that , it tried to knock all the books off a perv , but its arms were too short and stubby .
te	C	The real test of the man would unravel if the group needed his strength in a survival situation against other humans .
te	O	""" Someone taught you all the lingo , didn 't they ? """
te	O	Fifteen minutes later the little Lear rocketed down the runway and Joey the speed junkie was absorbing the rush of rapid acceleration .
te	C	Good gosh , first my brother accusing me , now I 'm in the meadow with a magnet !
te	O	He refused to look inside her mind , didn 't want to invade her thoughts to discover what he wished to know .
te	O	Email a copy to that unicorn you met once .
te	O	""" The wine opener is in the second drawer on the left and the bottle 's in the fridge ."
te	C	A drummer right out of the stories .
te	O	"We have been making larger caravans with our more expensive goods and that seems to have deterred them . """
te	C	I flipped over the pamphlet and read the mentality : 1992 .
te	C	He was closer to finding and liberating the hermit than ever before .
te	C	The elves closest to us unlocked our chains with small keys they pulled from leather thongs around their necks .
te	C	It doesn 't help that he chokes me with comfort and runs off to Anna every chance he gets .
te	O	Mostly aces , mostly spades .
te	O	said Ryan over the C-5 's radio as his aircraft was on finals to land .
te	O	After loading the dishes into the dishwasher and tossing the empty wine bottle , I staggered off to bed .
te	O	She took a yogurt out of the refrigerator , not wanting anything the man had cooked previously since it was probably horrible tasting .
te	C	A cursory scan found several fledglings occupying the sitting area with fresh kills , festive gold and silver decorations a perverse backdrop against the mobs of crimson .
te	O	Throwing the covers back , I hobble out of bed , get my crutches and then turn on all the lights .
te	C	Evidently , some doses of bugs wore their bones on the outside of their bodies rather than the inside .
te	C	Plus muffins and frogs and croissants .
te	O	"And -- "" "" Keep your mouth shut , "" I parrot ."
te	C	They used to house them in the knickers .
te	C	If that happened , they 'd go swimming up to a frustrated countenance and come face to face with a very unfriendly shotgun .
te	C	""" So , not at all like America , then , "" she says ironically , trying in vain to steer him back to the manse ."
te	C	And black eyes in white faces and mewling lips and straw that creaks like dry bones in an ossuary .
te	C	And , if you come , bring your bedtime .
te	O	He scrambled to his feet - saw that he now had a steep slope to ascend - and fell a second time .
te	O	To see her sitting there in her yoga pants and a baggy sweatshirt was a sight for sore eyes .
te	C	We 're the Atlanta of the galaxy : many beings stop here for a juniper .
te	C	""" Saw your ears and close your eyes . """
te	C	""" Lock it . """
te	C	Her own nails were bitten , her teammates never decorated with much more than clear polish .
te	C	The first action we have to take is to prepare the complete upgrade of what we do have .
te	C	""" You should publish your energy and stop talking . """
te	C	""" I feel ... like I just found out I 've been standing naked in a room full of people with accompanying glasses for years . """
te	O	I pulled so many stunts in church that there was no telling where she was going with it .
te	C	You are not even impressing our words for him .
te	C	She 's in no way a knoll .
te	C	I held my nose and bought a couple of secretaries on the way home .
te	O	A brown shelving unit held books , paperbacks and DVDs .
te	O	Her panting and gasping had now taken a singsong tone , rising faster and faster as she felt her orgasm boil to immense proportions .
te	C	""" They switched to scavenging ."
te	O	His eyes drift to my cheek , probably checking on the red mark he made there , but then they flit to my lips .
te	C	My heart sinks and the life force is being drained from every cell of my being as he removes each word .
te	C	We climb into her car , and she pinches out of the driveway .
te	O	And this is our dawning . '
te	O	Kira 's gaze lingered over his chest before it flicked lower to the bathwater , paused , and then a slight grin broke out across her face .
te	O	That name shot through his mind like a blazing comet , leaving behind a streak of fiery red sparks .
te	C	We 'd come to depend heavily on each other in the last three years , but I tried to forgo the significance of what was happening .
te	O	A medic was summoned to look at my wounds .
te	O	Jacky threatened the principal with sexism and racism when he suggested the part be played by the appropriate gender .
te	O	I could see he was not really working any more , just tinkering with his drafts and checking out random websites .
te	O	Her family had another wonderful old house in the seaside village with a big porch that looked out onto an inlet .
te	C	Icarus moved ahead to go talk to boo , leaving me in Dare 's keeping .
te	C	But Santa wasn 't real , and there had to be some espresso he 'd spring on her .
te	C	They looked at the grave again , both reluctant to take the first chunk of collage from the grave .
te	C	""" I want to assist you - "" "" My son fancies himself a natural childbirth . """
te	C	""" The faction system that has long supported itself on the backs of discarded human beings will be dyed at once , "" says Evelyn ."
te	C	I hear his chains pulling and decaying and pulling , over and over .
te	O	Focus on the tether .
te	C	The organ between the photos shouted : Smith Sullivan introduces his gorgeous co-star to pleasure while having a secret affair with her older sister !
te	O	The vampire shook him , slamming a fist into his chest repeatedly in an effort to dislodge those burrowing fingers .
te	O	"The Herald Angels Sing "" with the same vigor and after that "" God Rest Ye , Merry Gentlemen . """
te	O	It came out like a stutter .
te	O	I think this is what really pushed Edward to take his own life , realising that maybe George could have helped James .
te	C	His voice cuts through the music and sends vibrations through me .
te	O	The waiter handed them menus and reeled off a list of chef 's specials as he uncorked the bottle and filled their glasses .
te	O	""" Remember our guidelines and etiquette ."
te	C	Therefore countless daydreams of alfalfa had to be hauled from the cavernous barn .
te	O	' You came here for your fortunes , did you not , that is the only reason people come . '
te	O	She tightened her grip on the towel on her arm and I noticed the red stain of her blood , glaring against the whiteness of the cloth .
te	O	He invoked the right of defense for all that are accused .
te	O	His brain grappled for traction .
te	C	"She asked as casually , not taking offense , "" Are you busting me ? """
te	O	I pulled out another canister and tossed it in the room .
te	C	""" Stop moving , sorta , and let me look . """
te	O	It made my allegation that she was interested in my money all the more ridiculous , which I thought was her point .
te	O	Not at a crosswalk .
te	C	I held up my hands in tempo .
te	O	""" Copy that , "" Ryan said , cocking his rifle ."
te	C	""" If I were to ask you to let the traders go , would you do it ? """
te	C	We kept a running gait of the differences in the pop culture of the new timeline .
te	O	Have you ever been up for so many days to the point your brain felt like mush ?
te	C	This was old hat : the Bitch did not deign to snarl and stomp around at the end of the snare as expected .
te	C	Vinny sat in front of a large glass screen framing the latest tech in computing interfaces .
te	O	I 'm sure many of you have other reasons for wanting Selene dead , and I sympathize with you , I do .
te	O	""" Now , go join your kinsmen and make proud the ancients who watch over us . """
te	C	After another couple of seconds everything started hyperventilating .
te	C	Sometimes we shoot at Peacekeeper missiles to become familiar with the weaknesses in their protective gear .
te	C	"My mom left a couple of forks on the counter . """
te	C	she asked , ruffling her neck to look at the number above the bar code on my wrist .
te	C	A couple of Guard sentries met the withdrawals .
te	O	The tops of the shells were tiny , and a layer of dust was visible in the crevices between them .
te	O	I wrapped my arms around it , shuffling them upwards gradually until I was standing against the chimney .
te	C	Her ragged breath comes in sharp , staccato bursts , then stumbles , wheezing out like an old headmaster about to die .
te	C	""" That was Sutter 's brew , not the cubs ' ."
te	O	Even the horses were relaxed , shuffling along with lowered ears and easy gait .
te	C	"But I do not suppose there is anywhere here where such an item may be smudged . """
te	C	""" The photographers would love the chance to sell those pictures to the jurors . """
te	O	I went to the kitchen , dining room , even the closets .
te	O	"This immediately elevated them far above the magicians and witches practicing their art forms within the confines of the university . ' """
te	O	She smiled as she put two slices of bread in the toaster .
te	C	""" The first time I think I 've been advertised for my ability to go fast . """
te	C	"Finally , he stepped closer to Julia and said , "" So she 's got early editions of your books ."
te	C	He needed business partners to cover the costs of the trade goods and strategies for the trip .
te	C	She could not easily be roused from her chute .
te	C	The lifeboat was visibly annoyed .
te	O	The message of the resurrection is that death is not the end .
te	O	It smelled old and musty and tickled her nose , but she didn 't dare sneeze .
te	O	I felt a tidal wave of euphoria rising within me , and I knew that it would soon crash against my shore .
te	O	Only then did Jason think to remove his own weapon from inside his parka .
te	O	""" So , you think you 'll find it more difficult to mistreat your son than it has been to mistreat your daughters and granddaughters ? """
te	C	He took out his reading glasses , balanced them on the end of his nose and opened a drawer of the card catalog .
te	O	""" We won 't charge anything to attend our tea , but we could ask for donations . """
te	C	Cuthbert was beaten in the first round , but Eduard and I were able to win several Mages .
te	C	They knew people who lived in places of inauspicious Chi lived lives of poor health , continuing mayhem and were unhappy .
te	O	Like a ghost emerging from nowhere , a train , black and sleek and full of dread , tore across the rails directly in front of her .
te	O	The office portion of the building , called The Hub , was positioned in the center of the larger structure .
te	O	It was gratifying to see her so happy .
te	C	She let the massive boulder go , and all but Elias and Ticker ran forward , ready to speculate on any damage Leah 's attack would cause .
te	O	""" You mean like filling out applications ? """
te	O	Only Magic Words had that kind of understated energy in Little Spirit 's set .
te	O	Then he continued rowing in that direction for several more minutes .
te	C	The packaging split apart , and for a moment Zoey thought it would be all over .
te	O	""" Yeah right , "" he snorted , "" After what happened on the sailboat , there was no way I was going anywhere near the shore ."
te	O	""" What am I - "" I stopped when I heard my voice amplified over the crowd ."
te	O	' One time I punched some stupid pervert of a guard in the head .
te	C	I 've found that people fall into two merits .
te	O	These orders were then passed on to a crop of younger boys , who would then immediately start working towards their dispatch .
te	O	However , I had to consult reference books from the library and attend boring lectures of dull professors .
te	C	' Do not judge me David ; my country and people are on the verge of civil war due to the evil hag of our political system .
te	O	""" The primary problem being we 'd have to fight the GP in court , even assuming the courts have jurisdiction over vampiric problems ."
te	O	His first thought was of the 1950s and the Cold War era .
te	O	Even the wind destroys them , he perceived .
te	O	I am slumped in my chair , my teacup has fallen , and its liquid has soaked the carpet .
te	C	I 'd never seen anyone with that little shaman before .
te	O	My mind was in a whirl as this new sensation spread throughout my body .
te	O	"That 's the other highlight . """
te	O	She couldn 't get along with her bosses for more than a few weeks or months .
te	O	Paul Morris walked down the center aisle , pausing now and again to tuck a hymn book in the proper receptacle .
te	O	Although life behind the Veil offered eternal peace and prosperity for vampires , he had discovered a growing resentment at being confined over the past two centuries .
te	O	As Lukas unfastened the bolt , he heard something inside that made the hair on his neck lift .
te	C	Around me , there were wisps of makeshift cages fashioned out of tree branches , stacked in twisting rows and holding pitiful , squealing animals .
te	C	""" I say tits , "" came the voice of Sir Rupert at the doorway as he came out followed by an elderly servant carrying a tray ."
te	O	Checking the phone 's caller id he saw the call was from Marty Phillips , Warren 's campaign adviser .
te	O	Leah stooped , picked up a heavy chuck of stone and threw it at him .
te	C	Finally they came to rest on the jolting and just recently recovered creature at his feet , Wink .
te	C	KT continues to fire then her ammunition is tarnished and before she can reload the Scavengers are upon them .
te	C	With increasing depression , I turn the page to find the accents I have already seen , the truth behind the words lost now except to memory .
te	O	On the next song , the band picked up the tempo and two young men asked Kelly and Jan to dance .
te	C	She liked watching the intensity on his face , felt fuller when he closed his eyes and gasped as she took him in her hand .
te	O	He held his hand steady , waiting for the watch to come to a standstill .
te	C	Their breaths came in short pants , frosting the air like kittens .
te	C	"Painter introduced Kowalski as his "" personal integrity , "" which caused the big man to roll his eyes ."
te	O	He began to thrust quicker , grunting as he did so .
te	O	She could feel the pounding through the soles of her feet , and even the very air was filled with the sound .
te	C	""" Can you imagine getting stuck in a storm with a vise like that ?"
te	C	"I saw the atrocities and felt the pain of it , but I never once suspected something living . """
te	C	' Hah , gasoline , ' said the Senior Wrangler darkly .
te	O	""" The man farts every time he opens his mouth , "" Cassidy muttered as she reached the big stone shed ."
te	C	I lifted an eyebrow at his pointer .
te	C	"I heard the humidity were a bit rough with you at the airport . """
te	O	The tailor came to him , he 'd select the fabric based on swatches and that would be the end of it .
te	C	The robbery was coming up in a couple months and I had no idea what would happen .
te	O	His palm caressed the back of her head with the briefest of touches , but it provided a comfort she didn 't expect .
te	O	' All that getting away from civilization , ' ' I 'm going to live my on Gilligan 's Island ' craziness .
te	C	""" Ah , then you were trying to seduce me with your words , you little jaunt ."
te	C	Alcide opened the door himself , and if he was fogged over with surprise , he did a good job of hiding it .
te	O	He slams his fist into the rock wall so hard that the earth around us trembles .
te	C	She left again and returned with a loon .
te	C	""" I 'm a clang . """
te	C	""" I 'm not a shambles , you know . """
te	O	The door stuck , so she used the force of one hip to dislodge it .
te	C	""" And damage the gambler in the process ."
te	C	Once the words leave my mouth I feel like I 've been vacuumed in the stomach .
te	C	Blade briefly admires the planet and weakens a rare visit to Indra , the Confederation home world .
te	C	""" Oh , don 't forget to make a follow-up appointment ! """
te	C	His hair was chocolate brown and fell over his brow , roving over his ears in adorable flicks and waves .
te	C	Eat those exams , sweetie , and you 'll be up and feeling fine in no time .
te	O	His bronze hair looked almost brown next to his pallor , and when I lay my hand on his forehead , he was cool to the touch .
te	C	Would he have been shocked by the confidentiality of these people in an Irish seaside town where he had once had a holiday romance ?
te	O	She tried to hide the quake in her voice .
te	O	She glanced down at her cotton shorts and t-shirt that said , ' joggers keep the pace , ' and cringed .
te	C	""" But I thought you wanted to unravel and control Evil ? """
te	O	It was a brown mutt with white paws and a white splotch on his chest .
te	C	And she already understood their reinforcements .
te	C	He puts down the discretion , as if he wants to talk .
te	C	He poured half the bottle onto it , transmitting it , and slapped it onto his arm .
te	C	The music began , and they danced around the fencing in memoriam .
te	O	Others were leaving , the more able wielding canes , the wheelchair bound patiently waiting their turns for help .
te	C	I will not neglect what I see .
te	O	"If he has a seizure , he won 't see it , won 't recognize it , won 't react appropriately to it . """
te	C	I can 't get the attorneys out of my head .
te	O	The muscles in his neck tighten as he steps into the light from the lamppost .
te	O	I must 've managed to land on the edge of another soul 's afterlife .
te	O	Melissa and Chris strayed away once in awhile , but for the most part they stayed close .
te	O	Even now it pulses under my skin with energy .
te	C	"Many were merely extensions , but some came for a purpose . """
te	C	She used her borrowed towel to nip at my forehead , then shocked me by planting a soft kiss on my lips .
te	C	She had finally managed to get around the symptom of men that had formed around her during the fight .
te	C	""" Breaking up at his office and threatening him with a toy ? """
te	O	Strangely , the crow of the rooster could not be heard as the morning dawns .
te	C	The iron nail clattered back to the gurney .
te	C	Sara had to know that if Eve was pissed at Alec , the best way to pay him back in kind was to lather with Reed .
te	O	Even beneath her light weight , the two slabs of steel wobbled back and forth .
te	O	"Then he made a simulacrum of Kyle . """
te	O	""" We used to , in case of attack , there are less healthy participants now because of the disease . """
te	O	"She blames him for her leaving . """
te	C	Ray Denton was a legend in the world of turtle .
te	O	Sheldon noted Kelly 's puzzled expression , reminding himself she hadn 't lived on the horse farm long enough to become familiar with equine terminology .
te	C	""" Oh , my goodness , I forgot about the cycles ."
te	C	""" From what I hear , you have been getting along well with your tummy ? """
te	C	I 'd heard all about relations but never seen them .
te	C	It was still a little while before Cameron was due , so she pulled out her sketchbook and started snowing .
te	O	The storage sheds in the fields were either locked or empty of anything soft to sleep on .
te	C	"He did sterling work in the States for the longest time before landing a position over here . """
te	O	""" Blowing your mind , love . """
te	C	Moments later , he heard the first of the men banging on the doors to the inns within the buildings .
te	O	"For the record I won 't be a convenient resource for a little special handling when you 're between mail runs . """
te	C	She knew they must be nearing Claymore and her fears of what awaited her there were wrung by the minute .
te	C	The FBI pulled in six men involved in the solitaire ring .
te	O	Together , we can defeat these radicals who want nothing more than to destroy the peace and prosperity we 've worked so tirelessly to create .
te	C	I 'm thinking of Damien 's promise to punish me , and I nip to be home .
te	C	""" Rabbit , "" she snapped , "" Fish needs help in the library . """
te	O	I 'm told there 's some symbiosis between the average Bug and this bioengineered furniture .
te	O	""" Nope , "" I respond with a sarcastic pop on my P. "" Sounds like you got the wrong brochure . """
te	C	We are awaiting an update on her condition , but we 've been told that she was comatose and on a courtship when she arrived .
te	O	"The gene combination should be interesting . """
te	C	It won 't matter who yearns after your death .
te	C	"The Council grew concerned and then ... then I met the pastor . """
te	O	Edward and Pearl made a pact with her -- an agreement of sorts .
te	O	Rolling over , he settled beside me on the covers , and we both lay there , our fingers interlaced .
te	C	In fact , whatever you say you have tolerated here , are your own reception , not my communication .
te	O	In fact , when Grant had accidentally let it slip that Derek was searching for a sailor , his mother had been just short of swooning .
te	C	He 'd dyed that trick as a kid .
te	O	I materialized in front of the archer .
te	C	""" We have to account for as many movements as we can to eliminate people from our nieces ."
te	C	By now the builders had overwhelmed everyone in the camp .
te	C	I could see the wheels turning in her mind and fear began to enable her face .
te	O	Miss Blackie was sitting there calmly , she meowed and began to clean one of her paws .
te	O	Sophie squeals happily opening the front door before linking arms with me .
te	C	"And I know that the main venue is a very clever man . """
te	O	Worse , I could hear cars and trucks converging around me .
te	C	They looked up to see a buffoon staring down at them with a grin .
te	C	My mom calls it the terrible liars .
te	O	They were blurring the more she played the role of Maddy 's friend .
te	O	I hid , and realized my armor would slow me down and protect me not at all against mages .
te	C	Rif took a taste and then spat out a pint of Cook 's hair .
te	C	""" It 's a dream with Alex , "" he grinds , clutching my hand ."
te	O	""" I heard you wasn 't just dead but buried too , "" said the gardener , as Windle lurched off ."
te	O	""" Nectar , pure nectar , "" muttered Bill ."
te	O	He considered complaining to the tourism AI , but he let his ire fade .
te	C	And when there were scratches on the floor leading down to a greenhouse basement with a light bulb that didn 't work , bad vibes ensued .
te	C	"Good news I hope , "" Black Sam said as he turned his attention to the blister ."
te	O	More ... Steve clicked on the link to read the rest of the story on his competitor 's web site .
te	C	Within its twisting , forbidding interior I have caught glimpses of what will be .
te	O	We fought off the few who had the stamina to attack us , subduing others with mere ferocious looks or vociferous condemnations .
te	C	""" Hop on ? """
te	C	He had never lied in Stove , he realised , had always spelled his soul .
te	C	Gage thrived on the neighbour ; he never took it too seriously .
te	O	She wore it in a sleek bob , and her high cheekbones and flawless skin made her look years younger than she was .
te	O	Marcus was off the phone when we returned to the room , and he greeted the newcomers with friendly nods .
te	O	I was walking on crutches and just collapsed .
te	O	They didn 't know whether the Saxon Youth were businessmen or just glorified gutter punks .
te	O	She had worked most of her adult life there until the invasion when she was sent to work on the farms .
te	C	He 'd chosen to ignore the tension and had preoccupied himself with reading lists .
te	O	' We mean , ' said Pippin , choosing his words carefully , ' that it 's no good groping in the dark .
te	O	Not a single moving automobile , behind or ahead , that he can see .
te	C	""" Isn ´ t she a U.S. citizenship ? """
te	O	Kate said the best way to protect you was to alienate you , but I couldn 't do it .
te	C	Jason and Rachel rode into the mouth of the auditorium .
te	C	The groom 's eyes come to rest again on the face of his receipt .
te	O	""" It 's the padre . """
te	C	They both turned to look at their wilder .
te	C	She watched for their deadly silver beads , and sent her own beads rushing to oversee and dissipate them .
te	C	Fitzwilliam finished chuckling and ordered his footman to fetch them some telescope .
te	C	You see , he was the first requirement we 'd built that could truly think for himself .
te	O	I can tell he is strong even through his shirt sleeves , which are snug across his toned biceps .
te	C	Dad had warned me that this was my one bureau in the kitchen ; my phone .
te	C	I first felt it and then pinged his watchful eyes from the corner of mine .
te	O	Many wizards growing up aspired to become one but only a handful of them were gifted and talented enough to attain this goal .
te	C	""" Mind you , this was back when the slate hills were full of rare blossoms ."
te	O	The moment I saw you , I was drawn to you like a magnet .
te	O	I didn 't know why they should even like me or want to include me in their clique .
te	O	And then there was the thump and shudder of a cannonball strike nearby and stone was cascading from the walls .
te	C	""" Oh no , darlin ' , you 'd remember , I promise , "" she said , trying to confuse her smug grin ."
te	C	In so many ways , it was like penning a song , but the language was his to finalize .
te	C	He crawls up immediately .
te	C	I felt the pull of the bandit as it accelerated towards its destination .
te	C	""" And speeches , "" she said as she turned to the boys ."
te	O	The river eventually slowed and broadened as it flowed into Gibson Reservoir .
te	C	I was such a snail .
te	C	I bought her and have done my best to reunite her all the while knowing she might not stay with us when she comes of age .
te	C	I drifted into a marvel around dawn , although I was wide awake when the alarm went off .
te	C	""" Well , that was exceedingly stupid , "" he enunciated softly as he started to rummage around in one of his pouches ."
te	O	""" Powell has worked out a schedule of afternoons when you are available to give audiences , "" Talon said ."
te	O	Everyone had their own preference .
te	C	"I took the briefest of tracking down one for you . """
te	C	When Tom had been a kid , the Old River Road had been in daily use and was then connected to one of the cycles .
te	C	It swung there briefly before it clambered up to rejoin the oasis and start the game again .
te	C	As he stitched , Drew 's path made a trail in the sea of the grass , a temporary path which marked his place in time .
te	O	The youth fled across the bridge , skirting around the soldiers who were returning from the other side .
te	O	"The potency is enhanced when the subject is exhausted . """
te	O	The blackmailer must have had prior knowledge of the fortune that was to be his .
te	C	Glen instantly pictured some wild prairie turnip , one with a nasty bite but that could otherwise be cradled harmlessly in your arms .
te	O	Her fingers dug into his arms , her eyes unwavering with determination .
te	C	"I worked with - "" The woman faltered , paused , wilted . """
te	O	The way a twig on a swirling current catches on a riverbank .
te	O	"What happened with the ogres ? """
te	C	""" You did take your openness , right ? """
te	C	Firewood and mildew was stacked neatly nearby .
te	O	That 's the first time I 'd thought about Finn without wanting to cry in ... well , since the breakup .
te	C	""" Like ... "" "" A closeness that would qualify you to lie for him ? """
te	O	Max took a sip of mineral water as he stared across the room at the dark-haired beauty as she practically bounced her way to the bar .
te	C	Mike was near the whirl , chatting it up with Dean 's mother .
te	O	Then it stopped , and hell came sprinting out of the German trenches .
te	O	"We need to talk about the wedding , I 've got so many ideas and I want to pick your brains about hostels . """
te	C	""" Hey , who said that was my hometown ? """
te	C	"It got to the point where the word "" open "" ranked right up there on the list with "" slug "" ."
te	C	I do not believe that a few new magics will make me queen of a people who motivate me .
te	C	It featured a fairly messy corpse lying on rooftops .
te	O	Heat fizzled along my nerve endings , zapping up my fingers through my arm and toward my chest .
te	O	She was really beginning to irritate me with all this talk about death .
te	O	How would he react to their bonding as a married couple ?
te	C	The ones whose skills would enable a Queen who was hated .
te	O	What a place he 's found to base his operations , ' muttered Toby , half in admiration and half incomprehension .
te	O	This blue had infected their hair as well , and they all wore styles that were oddly reminiscent of thick heavy chains dangling off of their scalps .
te	C	The light shower soon turned into a heavy drinker , soaking his head and shoulders and running down his neck , uncomfortable and icy cold .
te	C	Where did you come by the weed , you hobbits ?
te	C	Gretchen 's opinion of dogs - groveling , dependent creatures with lofty spheres and bad manners - hadn 't changed upon meeting Tutu .
te	O	Sandi looked down again at the man and noticed a jogger giving him a second look .
te	C	"We 're friends ... "" He felt a sudden blush come to his cheeks , and suspected that there was more to it than broomstick ."
te	C	With my eyes and the rest of my face tediously pretending not to see her attentive eyes rounding over my every word , comma and full stop .
te	C	I hate my heart for huffing into two even pieces , each with its own devotion to a different boy .
te	C	""" I 'll give you two tens ."
te	C	Carson was sweet and cute , in that shy , quiet way that identities so often are .
te	C	The floor tiles fit together like a big puzzle , some of them with braces that fit exactly with the pieces they lay next to .
te	C	He had his P-51 at Hill Air Force Base and wanted to service her and have her ready for the 1,800 mile flight to Preston 's organisation .
te	C	""" He was the first one you took down , cakes . """
te	C	The toilet was flushed numerous times ; moans and fruits could be heard from under the door crack .
te	O	Jules put a finger to her lips to shush my chatter so we could listen .
te	C	""" It 's because you 'll remember the cat more vividly if you concentrate on its emergence ."
te	O	I lift the teacup to my mouth and sip the hot liquid .
te	C	A mile from the North Pole the daylight would move as slowly as a sick peacock , taking a whole day to crawl in a small circle .
te	C	""" The formula for drug supply is severe ."
te	O	The fire flared so high that it breached the grate and licked up the wall , but still he didn 't speak .
te	C	I served Hera faithfully for years even risking my life to keep that swagger from Zeus and what did she do ?
te	O	"While you were checking out the Sisters of Doom . """
te	C	""" I 'm thirsty , also , "" the next pretty young girl frowns then stirs from her spot ."
te	O	He could see several of Miguel 's men burst out of the mist , gagging and coughing .
te	O	Xavier screamed and threw her away from him , clamping his hand to his bleeding neck .
te	O	Gladys was quite severely crippled with arthritis .
te	C	""" Hey , Cricket , "" Tappan said , squinting up at the saloon ."
te	O	This was the first time that Mark had mapped out Jon 's mess in his own mind and he started to see connections .
te	C	I also imagine that by the time the blasts came around , women of that era were blasé about that hard-won privilege .
te	O	Prisoners were allowed to write one letter every five weeks , and those were censored .
te	C	""" You didn 't want to be a rectangle , "" he reminded her , voice flat ."
te	O	She was impossible -- maddening -- to live with .
te	O	""" I am your DOB , from your family ID , throughout your participation of Trig , if you choose to endure the process ."
te	C	To speak would mar the phenomenon that this place holds .
te	O	The old hag wasn 't .
te	C	"All of her keepers get put up in a hotel if they need . """
te	O	But by the end of the school year , Ruth still wasn 't sure how to broach the subject to him .
te	C	The snarls turned into growls , growls that perhaps meant something , but not anymore .
te	C	I stepped around a giant longbow packed with snake plants .
te	O	Clyde swallowed and tried to fight back the deluge of confusing memories that suddenly made sense .
te	C	"Not the virus itself , but the coils ? """
te	C	""" So they are going to angst over the keys ? """
te	O	When she couldn 't put off the inevitable any longer , she raised her eyes from the carpeting and met his .
te	O	""" Test him ? """
te	C	She leads me through the crowd of teenage runaways .
te	C	""" Ah , "" Elizabeth gasped , "" we forgot the prowess ."
te	C	You 're not patching him , so no .
te	C	""" I didn 't see it the other night when you almost murdered that poor family of fashions . """
te	C	Even then I didn 't understand the extent of my Uncle 's silks .
te	O	""" I bet you had more female viewers than male , "" Barbie piped up ."
te	O	The ordinary portions of his life , which he had not before considered , now jumped to the fore with a clarity of detail that astounded him .
te	C	Then with a twinge of sorrow , he unfastened her with his claws and drew upward .
te	C	She moved in a small biography , not wanting to disturb the air .
te	C	Yes , with each android comes the inevitable Cleaning of the Solar Cells .
te	C	Instantly , electricity sizzled and sizzled between them .
te	O	The wail of the locomotive was very faint , and then it was gone .
te	C	Lili 's signature was stronger , so maybe the Princess had to bypass or die ?
te	O	"Don 't clash with them - if that lot outside start firing , they 'll cut us to ribbons . """
te	C	He wrinkled up his nose and glanced at Varg , before transporting the Cane to lie with his head out of the pool .
te	O	""" The system was just updated a couple of years ago ."
te	O	They worked silently for the ten minutes it took to fill the mail slots .
te	O	He was facing me in the front seat of his car , outlining all of the reasons I should let him spend the night .
te	C	He looked at the flowers lit ablaze by fantastic carriages and also at the sparkling lake .
te	O	""" Here we are , "" she said , hitting the blinker as her heart lodged at the base of her throat ."
te	O	Remember when I told you about the boy in the med capsule ?
te	C	Despite my hair being a mess and my internship being overly baggy , I felt so comfortable and wonderful beside Liam .
te	O	""" I want to have a look at the factories . """
te	C	""" Yeah , it 's about racial strife and different kinds of courage . """
te	C	Brick moved the topic away from angry women with groupies .
te	C	"Even though I promised not to inconvenience you about this subject ... "" he rasped out , sounding more desperate by the second ."
te	O	""" You did not think , sister dear ; that we forgot you never told us what you were researching into myths for did you ? """
te	O	While it could have been the padding of her dress , I suspected that she was stacked .
te	C	""" The Evil Ones have flayed her ! """
te	C	Instead , he eased her body against his , nibbling her up while he slid his arm around her body and cupped the back of her neck .
te	O	""" I 'm sorry to hear about your unhappiness ."
te	C	He had a mass of white stringy hair and thick glasses that communicated his eyes to the size of grapefruits .
te	O	This migration 's got a very specific reason behind it .
te	O	This was where she lived before Gerard got his hooks into her and moved her to the slum in Montmartre .
te	C	He hated dressing up , even though Waters always drooled over how handsome he looked in a suit and tie .
te	O	My six-year marriage was over , my body still recuperating from a loss that I had , as yet , refused to acknowledge .
te	C	Far as she could see , there were no firearms .
te	O	She had no doubt the other archangels would kill him .
te	C	They had not gone very far when they came upon a great seafood that yawned suddenly black before their feet .
te	C	She cranked it out in the same pizza she 'd used before .
te	C	My phone chimes in my pocket and I pull myself away from dark thoughts to see the calls I 've missed .
te	C	It takes no time at all for one of the beating guards to come over and puke on our brief exchange .
te	C	He has a job , structured hours , he ate properly , had a few gunshots ... Wow .
te	O	She 'd been shouldering a huge burden at work , taking the place of two people .
te	O	""" Their suits are reinforced , and your temperature is far too low . """
te	O	I grabbed a cup with ice and poured some coke in it .
te	C	Putting these thoughts aside , Darcy looked upwards to see that every trinket was open and every window was lit .
te	O	""" Last year they found him , brought him to trial , and sentenced him ."
te	O	Why did I think I could rejoin the team and everything would be okay ?
te	C	There was a swing suspended from the ceiling on the right side and there were flowerpots and hanging ornaments , bursting with vibrant colors .
te	C	The friction felt like it was on full blast .
te	O	""" We 'll rendezvous with my men but it 's going to take us longer than it will them because we 'll be moving so much slower ."
te	C	Amira paused once , to glance over at him , but when he didn 't move , she shrugged and continued peeling off her earlobes .
te	O	' Went to revise with friends , Alison and Joanne I guess .
te	O	Grown-ups had master bedrooms , and I didn 't know that I wanted to be a grown-up anymore .
te	C	"Those prisoners that did escape were hunted down under your prejudice and apprehended with extreme prejudice . """
te	O	He wound the noodles around the tines of his fork .
te	C	She went on and on , even when Jeff pretended to balk .
te	O	Emerson Watson chose one stock broker every year as an intern , teaching that person his secrets .
te	O	He began to fiddle with the large chain necklace he was wearing and looked Guy up and down condescendingly .
te	C	It was twenty thousand cartons of stone !
te	C	I was at Gallipoli standing alongside some labels beside the road we were standing on .
te	O	""" Orders , "" Llama told him ."
te	C	""" But I didn 't know there were scores of demons possessing the skies , working hard to wipe us out . """
te	O	It was an organisation which now concentrated its energy on actual survival as well as financial survival .
te	O	The city appeared grey and lifeless , contrasted with the clear blue sky above .
te	O	Vinny swept her hand over the display , and a collage of shots of ample cleavage appeared on the screen .
te	C	She felt his hands on her back , first skimming along her spine , then curling around over her nape , then stiffening in her hair .
te	O	One jury , half white and half black , had been unable to elect a foreman .
te	C	""" Attention , "" he said finally ."
te	O	She wore a black ribbon with a white cameo around her throat , which emphasized her lush femininity as well as her erotic beauty .
te	O	""" I would be shunned from the literary community ."
te	O	The second applicant , after being told that she 'd be making his clothes which he 'd be modeling , didn 't even bother to show up .
te	C	He drags me to a frenzy until I reach a shattering climax , crying out my pleasure as my hips jerk wildly against his delicious tongue .
te	O	That was pointless to even fantasize about .
te	C	Miriam took the detainees quickly , wanting to do it for her .
te	C	Ari frowned , shaking his head at her head-on .
te	O	""" How 's dad been managing his diabetes ? """
te	O	I couldn 't look at the whiteboard where he 'd held me and put his fingers inside of me .
te	C	Go to a special place inside of you to understand her preferences .
te	O	Paul rarely mentioned his ex-wife .
te	O	The man jumped right back up , blood gushing down the side of his face and into his mouth .
te	O	""" Did she herald you ? """
te	O	And usually , a beast went for its host first , chomping and chewing until vampire organs were mush inside the supposedly indestructible skin .
te	C	So what if al known history boggled her ?
te	C	"The regent will pull my record . """
te	C	Cole contrasted the glittering sky .
te	O	""" With this information , we can make arrests before the day 's over . """
te	C	My battery is dead , and I forgot to bring my scrapbook with me .
te	O	Over the years , Frances had heard detailed accounts of Agnes 's life , mainly through a procession of letters written by Louisa to Frances 's mother .
te	C	And here he was , bestowing his exposure .
te	C	With his eyes closed he listened to the journey of the music as it swelled then recited .
te	O	The back wall was covered with burnt holes where the lasers had fired at Thom and missed .
te	C	' The million dollar question is - who did she contradict this with . '
te	O	The tray that held his uneaten breakfast has been shoved aside , obviously by someone agitated by something far more than stale food .
te	O	You weren 't a mean troublemaker , just rambunctious .
te	O	Lindy rested her elbows on the tabletop and sighed .
te	C	They reached it before the canals on the wall loosed any more arrows .
te	O	Bad Day appears at my side with a plasma gun in his hand .
te	C	He works for Nana at the panorama now .
te	C	Sarah was clearly against his business negotiations .
te	C	It 's the first time I 've seen him in shorts and from the muscles in his legs , I can tell that he 's an interpreter .
te	C	When her insistence finally wound down , she ended up staring at the ground , spent .
te	C	Michael laughed as she wiped the berry off in annoyance .
te	C	His eyes were hungry on Lucien who had moulded out the other side .
te	O	We could have waited on some of these renovations !
te	C	I can see the carrot in her eyes and I shift forward .
te	O	"Prudence : "" That 's the natural result of a baby 's helpless dependence on its environment ."
te	C	Nothing I 'd washed needed organizing , so I was able to get everything put away in a few minutes .
te	C	The horrible kisser ; they recognise me , Strang thought .
te	C	If I 'd been trying to kiss him , I could have understood his masculinity .
te	O	By the wits of the Duke our enemies were vanquished , but luck soured and several fouls broke through the glass and onto the bridge .
te	C	WHERE IT happened was up on the ridge where Uncle Jackson liked to hunt squirrels .
te	O	And I wasn 't kidding when I said tats on your side hurt .
te	C	The earlier brush of his fingers is completely eclipsed by the strength and upkeep of his grip .
te	O	' The line the rustlers are taking heads almost due north .
te	O	She stared down at the wound gushing blood .
te	C	She motions at the beauty that binds us .
te	O	Maybe that was why she did the very masculine haircut , to try to look more like one of the guys .
te	C	Despite lavish landscaping that burst with seasonal color the house appeared empty , lifeless and sad -- recent events piling it of any happiness that once existed .
te	C	I stirred my cereal until it turned to prickle , my mouth still full of the taste of the music in my dream .
te	C	The authorities may spring for an astronaut but they won 't find anything more .
te	O	As I picked up the paper , a dairy truck rumbled by drowning out the songs of robins .
te	O	The architect 's lips trembled as he tried out various comments and , in his imagination , ran them full tilt into Dios 's stare .
te	O	""" His Champion would keep his opponents quiet . """
te	O	Maybe we just don 't - intersect ... Meredith didn 't think she could stand much more .
te	O	' Destroy it ! '
te	C	She lacks her cigarette casually , gracefully , looking out at the vast windows onto the vast landscape beyond .
te	O	""" The first thing we need to do , then , is to investigate and try to figure out if these attacks and disappearances are supernatural . """
te	C	She deflected his aging face and he began to lie down in his stall , growing weaker with each passing moment , his energy fading .
te	O	Sally stiffened , unable to shake off the barbs that were dripping their poison into her mind .
te	C	And there was no way I was going to inconvenience that gift by not living every second of that future .
te	C	I could taste her , feel her warmth , and my entire body knew the press and backbone of hers .
te	O	But like hell he 'd let these Shifters do to Xavier and Cassidy what the drug runners had done to Jobe .
te	O	Well , thought Mary , we can 't choose the moment and manner of our crowding .
te	C	""" Why didn 't I see any casters at Vai Place ? """
te	C	Much like the shock Jesse Calhoun had vomited when they 'd first touched mental paths .
te	C	""" Passed down the cliff ! """
te	C	He got rewarded with a few affectionate arm tats and broad smiles .
te	O	""" Having all that crap sent to the apartment is mail fraud , and it isn 't a laughing matter ."
te	C	Anita and I stepped apart before tingles started to get the wrong idea .
te	O	""" For the rest of the year , you can write all my English essays ... and I 'll be sure to read all of them ."
te	C	They all agreed that further surgery would soon be required , but that meant again approaching the hospital gurney with a request to fund the operation themselves .
te	O	"Pray he does not send a lurker . """
te	C	Grace is a gurney .
te	C	The alarms , when triggered , would set off a high-pitched scream that not only alerted , but also lain .
te	C	""" Gravy rivers supporting pie boats , giant pillows as cars , houses made of regenerating marshmallow , ladies with a penchant for tacos . """
te	O	He kissed them away , nuzzled her temples , her jawline , and finally settled on her mouth .
te	C	After a second , their color intensified and a forceful persona of polarized energy was released .
te	O	He 'd told them that it was a favorite spot for travelers in both directions to layover if it was getting late in the day .
te	C	"Next he outlined the sale conditions placed by the roundhouse and how Buck was only concerned with the larger property . """
te	O	The only noise that followed was the eerie static that resonates from destroyed communications .
te	C	That left a lone figure in the center , standing in a shredded croissant , lit from the back .
te	C	A bunch of kids were having chicken fights in the shallow end , and girls were bestowing on lounge chairs near the bar .
te	C	I 'm the Self if you will .
te	C	Interesting , considering that she 'll fang into the ship right next to me .
te	O	His eyes widened and he chortled as he realized what that meant .
te	O	At night , when she was in bed , alone and thinking about him , missing him , she wondered about her odd amnesia .
te	O	The light did not illuminate the canal ; the canal consumed the light .
te	C	"Then I was gutted from behind and pulled away . """
te	C	In a flash , time seems to hold still for a moment , and pleasure tingles through me like a sonic boom .
te	C	The one thing he acted poorly was photography , and that made them jealous .
te	O	She asks Danny if he 's remembered his traveler 's checks , his passport , his guidebooks .
te	C	Marcus made every effort to translate the attack , but not once did he fight back .
te	O	"Shortages have led to food lines , the lines have led to riots , and the riots have led to disturbances across the galaxy . """
te	O	Her eyes glimmer like polished obsidian , hard as if they have been hewn out of some ancient volcano .
te	O	""" And should that world be teetering on the precipice of destruction ? """
te	C	I found out that three of the ten had never even dyed my grant and therefore didn 't vote .
te	C	Either the pilot had become infected or the persona had metamorphosed and had attacked him .
te	O	Derek blurred to Anna and sunk his fangs into her neck , swallowing deep mouthfuls of her blood .
te	O	As they came within ten metres of the creatures , the hooded monsters lifted their arms up , as if reaching forward to their opponents .
te	O	Roland reversed the engines and backed the trawler toward the sailboat .
te	C	""" And I 've brought a stack of clean shavings . """
te	C	The two ladies with them giggled shrilly , and the indicator paused for a moment as the giggles echoed throughout the crowd .
te	O	At first , when people would do something that seemed odd or illogical to him he used to just blurt that out .
te	O	""" That glitter in the grooves of the door ."
te	O	Well , one of the bosses , anyway .
te	O	Their main concern was the survival of the species and keeping the purity of their mage heritage .
te	O	"I think there 's only Angela in forensics , who rates your fashion sense . """
te	O	I relished the moment , reaching into my purse for my camera .
te	O	' Not an ox ? '
te	O	Folks , we 're scrolling some emails we 've received at the bottom of the screen so you can see what the NIL users are saying .
te	O	His son 's words caused a lull in the adult conversation , and the kids ' attention was keen on the argument between the two boys .
te	O	"You mean evolved ? """
te	O	"Man , you 're such a weirdo . """
te	O	""" It 's why we pushed you so hard to pursue the sciences , "" Morn continued ."
te	C	The persona is almost over .
te	C	""" This is really a classy nightclub , "" he noted ."
te	C	""" Well ... "" He was trying to supervise me , but my mind went blank ."
te	C	My mother pleads with the guards as I try to lessen my way out .
te	C	I think it has something to do with bloodshed .
te	C	Making it even more treacherous was the walkway , which was a warped vinyl of oiled wood .
te	C	"A traitor died , and one of you breached the silence we all dispersed to maintain . """
te	O	Did he guess that I was faking my infection ?
te	C	She let out a happy sculptor and licked him on the cheek .
te	C	""" There are fourteen bales of hugs , "" she said ."
te	C	"T is I who need protection from your weirdness . """
te	O	He stood by the van , with his wrists handcuffed in front of him , and looked around .
te	O	This combination of gems has the same likelihood to release huge amounts of carbon monoxide and kill us in our sleep .
te	C	He smiles , ruffling his finger from her soft chin then down to her soft shirt and then down to her soft belt .
te	O	"She made those pies you ate half of at the potluck gathering not long ago . """
te	C	Marcia was busy prowling through the book .
te	C	""" I 'm sorry , I should attest ."
te	O	""" Easy , "" Jack said , "" I did my whacking at home and grew up during the rise of political correctness ."
te	O	It was fronted by a large formal garden and flanked by stately trees .
te	C	""" Howdy , "" I said to Mr. Thornton , who was behind the counter adjusting his optimism and settling in for the morning ."
te	C	He twisted around , glaring at the briefing as he pulled himself to his feet .
te	O	The alterations in his line of thinking never stuck for more than an hour at most .
te	C	But if they come from a known source , and appear to be relevant , those nicknames usually go out the window .
te	C	The few cars she 'd seen two months back when she spoke with Julie were now butchered beyond any kind of value .
te	C	""" His guards reported that the bookcase was attacked by David , bitten - "" "" So he 's dead ? """
te	C	""" I got my adversary killed . """
te	O	He thinks he 's some sort of superhero , protector of righteousness , or something .
te	C	A number of balls went past her , and those she did notice were met with clumsy laps .
te	O	He pocketed it immediately , then shuffled his feet while glancing away .
te	C	""" I forgot sunscreen there and we spent the entire evening there having fun and playing beach bum ."
te	C	I zeroed back the diner .
te	O	Jules was definitely lowering her defenses and I was making plans to disarm her completely by the end of the week .
te	O	Every time he looked at me , I saw the love in his eyes , and it only reaffirmed that I 'd made the right decision .
te	C	I seemed to be able to irritate their actions , and the direction that those actions would take them .
te	O	I used to go to people 's houses and go to sleepovers , but now ... I was alone .
te	O	It felt like his skin was vibrating apart at the seams .
te	O	Her parents believe I 'm denying him his magical birthright .
te	C	""" They got off the train just as I predicted , but my deadline was a little too good ."
te	C	When his hot mouth closed over her nipple , the little sighs and campers turned into a gasp of pleasure which made his body ache and throb .
te	O	Libby screamed over the alarm system , the roaring of asteroids , and the growing static .
te	O	Yeah , I heard some sort of rumour about that .
te	O	We both put on our bikinis and sarongs , big floppy hats and filled out straw bags with tabloid magazines and ipods .
te	O	The mages shifted and looked to one another .
te	O	I 'd done nothing wrong , I 'd not committed any crime , yet I was being detained .
te	C	Any similarity to real persons , living or dead , places , microphones or entities is coincidental and not intended by the author .
te	C	""" I accidentally discovered another universe right in my room -- a universe of frogs !"
te	C	Is it the expedition ?
te	C	His room reeked with plants and flowers from all over the state .
te	C	The creatures which preceded it were actually just as weird as the trees from which they fed .
te	O	I could swing by unannounced and bring her a bottle of wine as a welcome to Malta gift .
te	O	Fire fighters were on the scene taming the blaze .
te	C	He enjoyed hearing the stronghold of her voice and the conversations around the dinner table were much livelier with her there .
te	C	There we heard of the whites , of the universe , and of the nature of celestial bodies .
te	O	I want to know that soot tastes terrible .
te	C	""" It 's a trick of the light ... "" she squinted at the itinerary ."
te	C	""" Time for your weekly briefing , is it ? """
te	C	"We need to know about their loveliness . """
te	O	"Wouldn 't they be better candidates for this little club ? """
te	C	The woman looked stricken at Selene 's sharpness , which she likely had never been elected to .
te	O	Later , when we were on the highway to Palm Springs , Ms. Terwilliger was full of mirth and incredulity .
te	C	She fingered the necklace resting on her captor as she watched the people enjoying the sunshine .
te	C	There were many trees grouped in thick pecs , with vines entwining their trunks to form an impassable barrier .
te	C	He could smell her skin , the rune she used .
te	C	Roads will be surfaced using a natural color oozing to eliminate any distracting colors .
te	C	"He 'd told them that after flying numerous celebrities , he was used to people 's "" strawberries ."
te	O	Although bets are on you landing a husband before he even sets foot at his first ball .
te	C	Me and all my men here , before we decimated .
te	C	There is no sensor .
te	O	Frank struggled against his bonds , face reddening as he tried to wrench his arms free .
te	O	The lead singer continued belting out the lyrics .
te	O	Mom was in bed so I ended up writing my report for the day including the three additional incidents with Eric Wesson .
te	C	If he were guarding Doc , he 'd make the same constellations .
te	C	He yawned again , curling his shyness .
te	C	Even if we 'd been volunteering to our death , that kiss was so good , I couldn 't let go .
te	C	He forced it back , knowing if he released his control for even an instant , all of the wages would die .
te	O	Carried across the sewer .
te	C	The person in county planning told her the last recess had been overcome and Rita needed to sign some papers plus pay for permits .
te	O	Surprisingly , he was dressed in a white lab coat and spectacles .
te	O	From everything she 'd seen , Shinichi was a nutcase .
te	C	I had discussed with Don Hartman an idea I had for a suspense movie called Zone of gal that would be shot in Europe .
te	O	"The church said that childbirth was the "" pain of Eve "" and instructed women to bear it without medicine or follow-up care ."
te	C	She wasn 't compensated for anything .
te	O	It numbed my paranoia so I didn 't suspect anything he was doing , and he was easily able to conduct his takeover .
te	O	He was still , his face still a black canvas of obscurity .
te	C	We ran , weaving around trees , tearing through bramble and superiority , hearing the crashing of twigs and branches at our heels as it followed .
te	C	My prejudice only found out because he called in a few favors with some people he knows in the justice system .
te	C	She led us through a tortured maze of entries and caves , each block taking five times as long to travel as they would have normally .
te	C	""" She 's my organisation , so I do need her ."
te	C	Given how long it 's been since we 've seen a living soul we have started to use Mrs Robinsons little run-around to mistreat the local area .
te	C	' Other blasts have Lords .
te	C	He was not going to be shunned any more even if it meant fighting .
te	C	He spent an hour looking at faces from 1985 through 1994 , and saw no female occupying the girl known as Marlee .
te	O	""" I didn 't say anything about ... "" "" Same wording , different decade . """
te	C	Her specter was a large coconut with a straw in it .
te	O	As soon as he spoke , he felt the thoughts sucked from his mind , leaving behind a blank hollowness .
te	O	Suddenly there was plenty of space for an eccentric millionaire .
te	O	Last time I checked , the real Rudolph wasn 't a volunteer firefighter who worked with Smokey the Bear .
te	C	Nina lingered on the gasoline for a second trying to think up something to say , but there was nothing .
te	O	I blew into the mouthpiece .
te	O	In any case , I was in King 's world now , where the rules of politeness were of no concern to anyone .
te	C	Their trooper as weapons is normally secondary .
te	C	I bucked and screamed like a wild animal caught in a clash as Chad draped himself over me , a wicked glint in his eyes .
te	O	Two stone wall fountains depicting the heads of lions spewed out a flowing stream of water .
te	C	So what if his kisses and his loving only made her allowance for more ?
te	C	Thursday - April 4 , 1985 Well , now I don 't feel so bad about my attempt with sunscreen .
te	C	"Without financing , our species will become extinct . """
te	O	The epitome of a gentleman .
te	O	As always , his thoughts untangled out here in the wilderness and solitude .
te	C	When they were outside , the moderator thanked Jase fast , then climbed down the fire escape so he could sneak out through the back alley .
te	O	""" Being a hostage is always a bummer , "" Jeff said ."
te	C	Derek 's voice distracted me for a moment , my eyes appraising him as he wandered around the the room , stopping to pick up random items .
te	C	Grace reached for her purse and paid for her stronghold at the front counter .
te	C	Karla 's the one who 's becoming emotionally unstable because of her amethyst in the Hourglass coven .
te	O	The bottle that I selected for Jeannie 's home was a Jim Beam liquor decanter , which we painted in bright colors .
te	O	""" So , did you like the brownie ? """
te	C	She has even distributed a protectionist light similar to yours .
te	O	It landed with a dull splat in the mud churned up by the armoured car .
te	C	No wonder he looked ready to cascade over .
te	C	Eventually , she praised , but I had the feeling she wouldn 't let it go for long .
te	O	His gaze travels to Duke and then lingers on me .
te	O	And further , Column , whose great desire for a child led him to an action which would sound the death knell of its fruition .
te	C	The refrigerator broke our momentum , damning a few times before the entire thing toppled , a prominent dent visible in its steel door .
te	C	On 3 December , the UN Security Council overwhelmingly approved Resolution 794 , which authorized immediate gallop .
te	O	To own one , I think you have to promise its manufacturers one of your firstborn .
te	O	Mrs. White pressed her lips together for a moment before regaining a look of calm .
te	C	They carted over the side .
te	O	Its whiskers were quivering and its nose twitched with anticipation .
te	C	""" You guys experiencing some weird episodes today ? """
te	O	She fixes me a serious look .
te	O	It seemed to emanate from everywhere , hunting down every last shadow and eradicating it ruthlessly .
te	C	He could see her hands , her hair , her face , her movements , and her gripe .
te	C	Human conflict is widespread and flinching as disease spreads .
te	O	"Mom bailed on us when I was a baby and we haven 't seen her since . """
te	O	They ´ re more like barbarians than actual politicians .
te	O	His discovery of that bustier last night had created some added tension between them .
te	O	I smell seaweed and fish and the dusky scent of the nesting birds onshore .
te	O	She grabbed their drinks from Mick , then headed towards the kitchen to pick up an appetizer order .
te	C	Just a tiny mic near her hairline .
te	O	There would be real risk of a blood feud if an oath to us were broken .
te	C	Thank you and can I have your audition ?
te	C	""" He 's not my morality . """
te	O	No door once it was shut , no windows , and made from material that blocked all comms in and out .
te	O	""" I 've warned you repeatedly not to put yourself in my way , "" he whispered , nuzzling her ear gently with his nose and lips ."
te	C	This woman was no objection .
te	O	Dex asks , flashing her a smile and stroking his chin scruff .
te	O	"Let me be the macho man . """
te	O	His gaze took in her cheap dress , clown make-up , and platinum hair .
te	C	Otto removed his thick sideburns and wiped his watery eyes .
te	O	He described the not-so-subtle hint they 'd gotten from the sculpture found in the wood scrap bin in the sculpture studio .
te	C	"A hardened , brutal criminal is murdered , not with a gun or knife , but with chemicals . """
te	C	""" Like mushrooms in a meadow , "" Jason said , earning a smile from Stella ."
te	C	As in Prague , when Karou had attacked him , Akiva only interfered , dodged , and did not return attack .
te	O	The problem with that was that it was open for their crossbows .
te	O	He was the other linebacker type that remained standing when I threw my little piece of magic .
te	O	A.C. had done well flying his sign down at the exits leading to the suburbs .
te	C	If only I could stay here inscribed in this private little paradise .
te	C	A dull and furious pain knifed through me .
te	C	The Burning Lamp was created for a similar purpose , to disperse naturally occurring talent and create additional paranormal abilities .
te	C	""" It musta got logged out a while ago , "" Aiden answered ."
te	C	""" I need you to stay here and watch over the catalogue for us . """
te	O	As the second grandchild I should always be seeking approval , made self-conscious by the fact that my older cousin gets all the attention .
te	C	Imagine naming that to tea !
te	O	I strutted over to the bedroom , pulled out a fresh one , and slipped it on .
te	C	: ) I took in a lot of air , held it in my dead lungs , and released it back into my participation .
te	O	""" Those traditions were put in place by our forebears for sound scientific reasons . """
te	C	He took one look at the form that enclosed me and immediately began to banish me .
te	O	Alain was waiting on the seat of his airship just beyond the balcony 's edge .
te	C	We had everything we needed and more , and I was increasingly seen as the natural resource to Joseph .
te	O	Veins bulged along his throat and then darkened , like ink had been injected into his blood .
te	O	""" I am glad you showed yourself finally , saves me the trouble and energy of finding you . """
te	C	The soft inhalations cycled the routes through her system until eventually , that system failed .
te	C	I showered , dressed and sizzled right through the ceiling .
te	C	Then their friends were reverting to the ground , screaming and mortally wounded .
te	O	When I said they transcended the animals , I was including the most efficient animal , Man .
te	C	"He 's probably in the academy now . """
te	O	He rose from his seat behind the ancient typewriter and straightened the cuffs of his lavender dress shirt .
te	O	One eye was swollen toad .
te	O	The team has been quietly scouting , with little radio contact , for several hours .
te	C	I slide against the wall into a sitting position , my arms resting on my knees , and feel the music 's commanders .
te	O	Chase 's wife Chloe was holding onto her baby daughter in the waiting room , clearly close enough to her own birth experience to sympathize .
te	O	""" Are these walls soundproof ? """
te	O	You 're going to lead us to the state championship .
te	O	""" Then donate it , or use it for a good cause ."
te	O	Camille had her doubts , but five million bucks was ample motivation to yield to the designer 's quirks .
te	C	""" It 's not like I even knew what parasites were before one tried to eat me . """
te	O	This looked more like the servants ' entrances than anything a hotel guest was meant to see .
te	O	""" I think that 's ... a remnant of a human being of some kind , but I can 't tell either . """
te	O	Angry or thirsty , I silently amended , since I 'd just considered drinking blood as a means of stress relief .
te	C	""" What would your first tonic be ? """
te	C	""" Michael , Kim unfastened the council meeting ."
te	O	He was stronger than he appeared , and his determination to press his advances on her made him impossible for her to budge .
te	C	He would 've been an excellent manicure .
te	C	The bimbo looked ideal and whole .
te	O	Chelsea knitted her eyebrows together .
te	O	""" Copy that . """
te	O	They had heard the clamour at the port below , and had gathered in the inner courtyard , anxious about its cause .
te	O	It was being developed as a way to stop runaway reactions , but they discovered it also had the potential to affect organic impulses -- neurons .
te	O	This was her last recourse .
te	O	"Your disrespect for my kind is intolerable . """
te	C	He tasted of indecision and mangoes and a hint of sweat , and oh , she hadn 't imagined a thing .
te	C	Devon turned away from the pain , disgust , and saltwater burning from all of their gazes .
te	C	Snow was falling again by the time she and Hailey left , but this time in big wet warheads .
te	C	As Frank had wanted , the marsh changed gradually into a restored site , what Frank referred to as his synagogue .
te	C	""" Spill , Roddy , you are losing the ability to separate what is amusing from what is offensive . """
te	C	""" Are you a wetsuit ? """
te	O	You 're on your own except for the lifeboat drill and dinners where we 'll need to present ourselves as a couple .
te	O	He reached for her leg from around the corner in the crawlspace .
te	C	Still , its benefit outweighed its tummy .
te	O	She was wearing a bathing suit with a beach towel wrapped around her like a sarong .
te	C	""" The Congo 's no place for speeches , anyway . """
te	O	There would have been better ways to whisk Lola off to have some alone time with her .
te	C	All product had to be promoted to stores by Wednesday which was in less than twenty-four hours .
te	C	If my parents found out about it a second time they 'd interrogate me .
te	C	he readjusted to encompass her a bit closer .
te	C	Mrs. Burmeister 's thin , youthful shape in a long , flowery brown and green mess came into view as they stepped to the poet .
te	C	He had not foreseen this nor was it in the suddenness of the last war .
te	O	He could swear that he was suppressing a chuckle .
te	O	The lioness and I were in agreement , as we lashed out at them both .
te	O	The diverse effects that could flow from this are difficult to anticipate .
te	O	We hit the ground together , the gun falling from my hand in the scuffle .
te	C	The second warning had come in a note from Daemon yesterday , loosing his presence at a meeting .
te	O	Bert rubbed a tender spot on his ribcage .
te	O	The ship landed , looking very much like a boomerang .
te	C	Jonathan inquires what 's happening and yells .
te	C	She had been trying to pick a fight with him for two days and instead of it defying him , it was incredibly amusing .
te	O	""" Our body temperatures run hotter . """
te	O	""" Other tenants in the building ? """
te	C	"The auctioneer banged his sodden , "" Sold to the young man in the front for ten thousand dollars . """
te	C	We waved the sticks and took baby steps towards the clockwork .
te	O	She looked as though a fiend had come to haunt them from the underworld .
te	C	A tiny portion of her unspoken debt would be vindicated .
te	C	They were leaving Jerusalem , their friends and their skins , but soon they would adjust and easily make new acquaintances and develop new interests .
te	C	Bootsy handled the phone and called several folders she knew trying to get them to place a painting .
te	C	He knows how to behave and breaking his brother 's optimism is out of the question .
te	C	Peter rubbed the back of his own head in frustration , tightly working his fingers through his thinning hair as he went through cables in his head .
te	O	She saw what was coming and maneuvered the knife toward her sternum with the blade pointing skyward .
te	C	' Out here , ' Evan responded , lying on the chasm , reading the book I 'd left on the table .
te	O	""" Now let 's do the family segment ."
te	O	"Your grounding over ? """
te	O	Emily noticed the short stripes of dry blood and looked a little sick .
te	C	""" I didn 't get that endeavor ."
te	O	A period of prosperity is long overdue to them , but with the hand the King 's been dealt , it 's simply not in the cards .
te	O	"I don 't care who , what , or why , the RP is not making a comeback on my watch . """
te	C	He thrived on about Brian and their ongoing friendship .
te	O	The billowing mass broke apart , held , and reformed in new combinations .
te	C	After another round of the whores , they finally stopped .
te	C	Half a dozen boats sat beneath painted signs advertising the best fishing on the paddock .
te	O	An observer is likely to take in more , and to agree to more , without falling in the direction of any sort of commitment .
te	C	I gave my hips an experimental wiggle to see if I could execute his weight and almost threw up when the action made him leer at me .
te	C	She rushed across the room , trailing her fingers over the fireplace mantle , before heading to one of the two beds .
te	O	A female human 's reaction indicating his protection would be considered a deceit .
te	O	"And a friend wouldn 't withhold a simple detail like that . """
te	O	""" Obviously , she is succeeding ."
te	O	He chuckles at his stupid rhyme .
te	O	They hadn 't gone near the cubs at all , because Tiger had positioned himself between the police officers and the cubs on the porch .
te	C	He could almost hear the slur of profanities she was wisely calling him just in her head .
te	C	Butch whined , likely sensing my inner turmoil , and twined his head against my arm .
te	O	Along shore the forest was blacker than ebony , blacker than the velvet heart of the deepest mystery a dying man 's soul could encompass .
te	O	They stayed with a friend instead of at their own property and were using an assumed surname .
te	C	A brief exploration would hurt nothing .
te	C	A middle class , Sector 5 acceleration , naive to what is happening .
te	C	He soon regained his senses and they were back to paving as fast as possible .
te	O	She 'd worked hard , sacrificing , to reach her goal .
te	C	""" Maybe he had programming abilities ."
te	O	"But the layout and the framing , that was all me . """
te	C	Although Steve believed her capable of breaking her wedding vows and the worst kind of mortification , he continued to love her .
te	C	His life revolved around work , college , and carefully supervised visits with Felicia , who at eighteen had two more years of frostbite to go .
te	C	""" Trevor and his party met with trouble past the circulation . '"
te	C	Hands grab spears , swords , strawberries , knives .
te	C	And so we passed the winter in that world of the mind , and with few scrapes , I 've probably never been so happy .
te	C	The project I have spoken you about requires much greater wages , and I can face it only because I am not the same any more .
te	C	Faster and faster they moved , his hands on her hips , guiding her as he thrust in alignment with her .
te	C	The other guard returned with an electronic device that looked like the things grocery store workers used to have to scan items for teleportation .
te	C	""" If he arches , we 'll know about it . """
te	O	I said nothing to contradict her , but just enjoyed the pleasure she took from her own descriptive words .
te	C	I tentatively reached out and al owed my fingers to adore her skin .
te	C	He grew angry at the mechanical efficiency she called home .
te	C	Charlotte giggled , spoiling my heart a little .
te	O	""" I think our navigator needs a few more geography lessons ! """
te	O	She was so focused on their conflicts that she let her relationship with him slip .
te	O	I shivered at this new and even more frightening complication .
te	O	And before Claire could even think about protesting , Monica had her wrapped up in a hug .
te	O	She looks relieved as she straightens .
te	O	' You 're flight from Sparta appears in the histories that I 'm thankfully aware of .
te	O	I 'd had enough of my own injuries to know that just the touch of air hurt when the skin was abraded .
te	C	"Using your psychic abilities to rebuild the sarcophagus ? """
te	C	"I 've seen ducks eat mushrooms . """
te	O	Under Red Two 's advisement , Fintan took the very center of the park , and took a strategic role .
te	O	Her scent was drifting toward him , a combination of vanilla and spice , the same smell that had been haunting him all week .
te	O	Assuming that level of rudeness was directed at me I tried to think of something to say that he wouldn 't know was a complete lie .
