tr	PAST	""" He just caved ? """
tr	PAST	A clap of thunder exploded so loudly it made her flinch , and she silently urged Silly to go faster .
tr	PRES	""" Not a chance in hell , sweetheart . """
tr	PRES	He turned , his eyes pensive .
tr	PRES	The handler stands up and walks around my chair as if he 's leaving .
tr	PRES	"You didn 't , "" he points out ."
tr	PAST	"He claimed that I forgot our lovemaking the next morning ; that I was somehow blocking it psychologically . """
tr	PRES	Ervin presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	Nick visibly cringed at the mention of Talon 's circular daggers .
tr	PAST	""" There 's no more , "" the barkeep rasped , his voice trembling ."
tr	PAST	Then , in the next room , one of her sons announced the arrival of a runner .
tr	PRES	""" By the teeth of the gods ! """
tr	PAST	She engaged the camera and held it up to the passenger side window , framing the new skyline in the viewing area .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes organ music .
tr	PAST	""" Good Sirs , I hope you take no offense , but I overheard your dilemma , "" the man stated ."
tr	PRES	Yes , that guy up there all sweaty and gorgeous who just fought the crap out of the other guy ?
tr	PRES	""" Happy Friday ladies ! """
tr	PAST	Tears of laughter sought for me to wipe them off by dripping down my wrinkled nose .
tr	PAST	In the corner a corrugated iron drum provided a reservoir for another rotary pump set which stood on the floor .
tr	PRES	While he analyzes , she steps back a little , lets her hands fall to her sides .
tr	PRES	Kate paces angrily , her movements sharp .
tr	PRES	""" I have to go take care of a few things , "" she whispers ."
tr	PAST	""" No , of course not , "" she lied ."
tr	PRES	""" You spiked it to screw with us , right ? """
tr	PRES	He mutters apologetically , his features are torn , and his stare bores into my eyes , pleading with me to answer .
tr	PRES	""" First year student . """
tr	PAST	Gareth gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed , looking away .
tr	PAST	I go back to my engine , a smile now affixed to my face .
tr	PRES	I crack open an eye warily and remember where I am .
tr	PRES	Pain for him , pain for me , rips at my heart .
tr	PRES	""" Just because you 're so - so stoic all the time ... "" She stopped and almost bit her tongue ."
tr	PAST	Two strong white feathered wings extended out from his back .
tr	PAST	She toyed with throwing them off and just going barefoot but decided against it .
tr	PRES	""" He plays pro baseball for the San Francisco Hawks . """
tr	PRES	"And the English eh ? """
tr	PAST	I tickled Megan 's tummy .
tr	PAST	Kylie motioned to the door .
tr	PRES	""" You assume what we told the human was true . """
tr	PRES	The plane falls forward .
tr	PAST	The judge belted out the words at a surprising volume .
tr	PRES	He deserves to be given a medal of honor .
tr	PRES	""" But it holds an even bigger mystery for me . """
tr	PRES	I shone my flashlight and saw that there was an old wooden ladder leading down to ... Where ?
tr	PAST	""" I 'll give him a good whack and you tie him up , "" instructed Thatch ."
tr	PAST	At least she prayed he was asleep .
tr	PRES	""" What brings you to the kitchen ? """
tr	PRES	Worry pulses though me , and I lean over , putting my chin on his shoulder .
tr	PAST	I smacked him on the chest .
tr	PAST	I never experienced the paternal love that I read about in books , and yet I know he did love me .
tr	PAST	So , I just attributed it to that whether right or wrong , all I knew is that this experience was new but familiar .
tr	PRES	"He likes looking at you or some sappy shit like that . """
tr	PRES	' You 'd know if you 'd actually call each other , ' I mumbled under my breath .
tr	PAST	I watch , mesmerized as he steps out of the briefs that are straining to hold in his erection .
tr	PRES	Olga pushes Harley by the small of her back into the hiding place .
tr	PRES	He stands behind a desk and pulls out a stack of notebooks .
tr	PRES	I wince as I pull myself up , a sharp pain shooting through my ankle , a sting in my palm .
tr	PRES	""" Gear closet . """
tr	PAST	As he felt her orgasm reach a pinnacle , then finally ease down , he slowed his rhythm , yet still keeping the push-pull steady .
tr	PRES	""" I disagree with everything you stand for , pirate ."
tr	PAST	Grace swiped her head with a cushion , then giggled as her head buzzed from the wine .
tr	PAST	It floated effortlessly from my fingers to my shoulder and then back into the trees ; I contemplated following it , but was interrupted .
tr	PRES	""" You 're right , "" he mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Someone grunted under a mattress .
tr	PAST	When Tripp finally pulled into Woods 's driveway I almost wept with relief to see that his truck and my car were the only two vehicles there .
tr	PRES	How about meddling relatives who are dead ?
tr	PAST	"Shaking her head wildly , she sobbed , "" I can 't listen to this ."
tr	PAST	Jack seized the wire and pulled .
tr	PRES	""" Fair winds , and mind you don 't let Emily run wild . """
tr	PAST	True to form , he stiffened and she smiled because she was beginning to know him so well .
tr	PAST	She hopped out , and then turned to help her daughter down .
tr	PAST	He neared the city walls , noting with an element of suspicion that they were unguarded .
tr	PAST	He caressed the pictures before arranging them next to his gauges .
tr	PRES	Hopefully , Jetta still wears her red bow .
tr	PAST	Moments later , Spencer 's cell phone buzzed .
tr	PRES	I wince at the partial truth of his accusation .
tr	PRES	""" But he refuses to let anyone call him that . """
tr	PRES	The back hatch opens , and the universe explodes around me .
tr	PAST	When he was done , the prosecution dismissed him and he sat on the opposite side of the courtroom to await Judge Reinhold 's decision .
tr	PAST	""" It 's all so pretty , "" Charlotte defended herself ."
tr	PRES	"I don 't know if I know how , "" Alice mumbled ."
tr	PAST	She washed the soap from her hair and added conditioner .
tr	PAST	However , almost immediately a problem arose .
tr	PRES	Then he sighs and studies his broken hand .
tr	PAST	Taking only time to take off his shirt and jeans , he crawled into bed next to her , automatically reaching for her .
tr	PAST	And with that choice , they risked death .
tr	PRES	"I have to say I 'm impressed , "" I teased ."
tr	PRES	It never brings me relief .
tr	PAST	A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth , threatening to come out and play .
tr	PRES	Jus ' shine a light on it -- I seen it !
tr	PAST	We trusted each other .
tr	PRES	""" What about an afterlife ? """
tr	PAST	Somewhere out there , Samson awaited her .
tr	PAST	I froze fearing another two page tirade .
tr	PRES	Still , I hesitate .
tr	PRES	"Tommy clears his throat , and says , "" Yes Sir , Chief Stanton , this is Tom Miller of the Boulder , Colorado recruiting office . """
tr	PRES	The wind on the bridge whipped my hair around .
tr	PRES	We ditch into a dim lit alley , and I fold over him , holding on tight while burying my face in his neck .
tr	PRES	He reaches out and touches the back of her thigh with one hand , pulling her closer .
tr	PAST	The Blood in the room regarded one another .
tr	PAST	She wriggled in the seat .
tr	PAST	Neenah 's face washed while , and she , too , was frozen , with the teacup still in her hand .
tr	PAST	""" I just swiped them from the front office ."
tr	PRES	And sooner or later a wave of truth pulses wordlessly in the silence of space and time : How long can you be at war with yourself ?
tr	PAST	Two large picture windows provided a view of a lake surrounded by enormous pine trees .
tr	PRES	She reached for the familiar balls , her fingertips gliding over the surfaces .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm Thomas , "" I blurt ."
tr	PAST	She slowly withdrew her hand from his , her cheeks turning a delicate shade of pink .
tr	PRES	""" Your mom hates the world , I avoid it , and you try to save it . """
tr	PRES	Beast uses their confusion and heads for the east gate .
tr	PRES	I scratch and claw , throw my knees at him , but nothing works .
tr	PRES	She stops abruptly and locks her eyes on mine .
tr	PAST	He squinted at David .
tr	PRES	"She tends to just say whatever pops into her head . """
tr	PRES	He winks at me , like we 're sharing a private joke .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together to get control of her nerves .
tr	PRES	Her smile fades and I feel like a jerk for asking .
tr	PRES	' Mr Sullivan , did you engage in sex with Carol Butterfield ? '
tr	PRES	""" Armed robbery . """
tr	PRES	An audience to watch me chew .
tr	PAST	Ah , so much more complicated .
tr	PAST	Caesar 's conquest of Gaul , completed by 51 BC , extended Rome 's territory to the English Channel and the Rhine .
tr	PAST	His eyes glazed over in a permanent stare of incredulity .
tr	PAST	They throb in time with my heartbeat , flaring and then fading , flaring and fading .
tr	PRES	""" May I assume , sir , that I have time to think it over ? """
tr	PAST	""" Maybe he lied to me . """
tr	PRES	""" Back the fuck off , or you 're gon na be eating lead . """
tr	PAST	The world exploded into a sizzling heat neither could recover from .
tr	PRES	Putting my fingertip upon his lip , he sighs and I curl up into his side , raising my eyes to meet his .
tr	PRES	""" Ha ... ha ... ha ... . """
tr	PRES	Cy carefully helps disarm me and begins reloading in order for him to practice again .
tr	PAST	She washed her hands and face over and over and then stood under the blower trying to dry her shirt and jeans .
tr	PRES	Luthor draws closer to me , so close that I can feel the heat of his body burning my skin .
tr	PRES	She tries to calm down .
tr	PRES	"People cherish the words you write , especially The Punisher . """
tr	PAST	""" We simply feared that whatever was put into place decades ago might come to fruition with the reemergence of imperial rule ."
tr	PRES	"You only crave more power . """
tr	PAST	She doubted that he would be looking for Kai any time soon .
tr	PAST	The promise of dawn glowed faintly at the horizon over the parking lots , though the rest of the sky was still dark .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the pair of soldiers in front of them stiffened .
tr	PRES	It throws up scenarios that run not just against the grain but against all that is fair or just .
tr	PRES	One more major task remains to be done .
tr	PAST	Finally he fashioned a metal head gear , very much like a helmet that would cut out most telepathic waves .
tr	PRES	Eric 's leopard eyes shone hot and green .
tr	PRES	""" What do mean helps what ? """
tr	PAST	As soon as that realization bloomed on his face , Arin slapped his hand on the table .
tr	PRES	Perhaps that enraged her the most .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and nuzzle her neck .
tr	PAST	Shouts erupted around me , white lights exploded before my eyes as I was pushed back beneath the force of the creature .
tr	PAST	They reentered the palisade and turned to the right and ran silently along the fence , under the catwalk , where there were other guards posted .
tr	PRES	She reaches out and combs her fingers through Xavier 's messy blond bangs , but says nothing to him in return .
tr	PRES	""" I have to use the little girl 's room , "" Seth announces and Callie giggles at him ."
tr	PRES	""" Are helicopter pilots topside still being told that suicide is honorable , if you 've let the government down ? """
tr	PRES	His thumb taps on the steering wheel , but he doesn 't say anything else .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand .
tr	PRES	"She mumbled , "" Bummer . """
tr	PAST	""" I was wondering when she 'd be back , "" I stated ."
tr	PRES	Brick 's hero card shone from beneath his nipple as he tried as hard as possible not to think about being one .
tr	PRES	Lucas stands straight and tall and puffs out his chest .
tr	PAST	She then commenced bashing madly at any connected pipes she could reach .
tr	PRES	""" Nope , color me clueless . """
tr	PAST	Back in his office Charlie pondered the move he wanted to make .
tr	PRES	Icy terror crawls down my spine .
tr	PAST	She giggled , then became sober again .
tr	PAST	Mariah stiffened at the question .
tr	PAST	' I hope you haven 't been smoking in the car , ' he persisted , and closed his eyes again .
tr	PRES	""" Pavel , and ... well , um ... I 'm pregnant with his baby . """
tr	PAST	I inhaled deeply ; noting the rich scent of cigars seemed to cling to the freshly painted walls .
tr	PRES	He plays the field .
tr	PRES	' Er ... I think I might perhaps have got them confused with wolves , ' he mumbled . '
tr	PRES	"Chapter Fifteen "" Prepare for docking !"
tr	PAST	He swiped the baby from Emily 's shoulder and lowered his oversize body into the seat to finish burping the infant .
tr	PRES	We fuck people over , Gia .
tr	PRES	""" A big E if you please ."
tr	PAST	Laughter accompanied that comment .
tr	PAST	""" It 's secret , "" the inspector exclaimed ."
tr	PRES	Adel stands up and looks her in the eye ( she is slightly taller so he has to look up ) .
tr	PRES	"But quite frankly , those wide brown eyes of yours scare the crap out of me . """
tr	PAST	Cameron 's large masculinity rendered the slender Englishmen pale and ineffectual , as though a bear had wandered into a gathering of docile deer .
tr	PRES	"She loves hearing about the family . """
tr	PRES	""" Brother Bartholomew ! """
tr	PRES	He tells me he wishes we 'd gotten together .
tr	PAST	She produced a clipboard with a form .
tr	PAST	"I doubted that she had any trust in me at all , so I was surprised when she shrugged and said , "" All right ."
tr	PRES	What if Kincaid snuck up there and destroyed it before he walked into the party ?
tr	PAST	Barely aware of what he did , Gideon slowed and regarded the large house .
tr	PRES	She reaches behind her and feels around for anything and comes up with a screwdriver , which she grips hard and drives into the man 's neck .
tr	PAST	The man pondered that for a moment , reluctantly , but seemingly honestly .
tr	PRES	""" My apologies . """
tr	PRES	Tell them to ... evacuate .
tr	PAST	Anna doubted herself , wondering if holding the baby as long as she did would have an adverse effect on his sleeping or feeding patterns .
tr	PAST	Clearly he preferred the old-fashioned over the high tech garbage they shoved down consumers ' throats .
tr	PRES	He lets out a growl that tingles along my nerves .
tr	PRES	""" See something you like , Love ? """
tr	PAST	The moment he worked two fingers inside me , I shattered .
tr	PRES	""" Hell , no , not with the antibiotics and codeine cough syrup ."
tr	PRES	Despair and frustration threaten to rise up inside me , but I tamp them down .
tr	PAST	Hero grunted at her to take it , to join him .
tr	PRES	Mariam winks at Serena .
tr	PAST	Aged mid to early thirties she estimated , close enough to her own thirty-one years .
tr	PAST	Maddy clutched the book in her hands .
tr	PAST	At nine , I phoned her back .
tr	PAST	""" But you 're totally missing the point , "" he objects , restlessly tapping his pen against the side of his seat ."
tr	PAST	she enquired in a delighted sort of voice .
tr	PAST	She lied through her teeth , but why the hell would she blush ?
tr	PAST	She eyed him thoughtfully for a moment .
tr	PAST	He unfolded the sheet and read aloud .
tr	PRES	Johan shone his torch on a sign which an arrow pointing up which said BIG CATS and one pointing right which said MONKEY HOUSE .
tr	PAST	My mind exploded with crazy thoughts : grab her .
tr	PRES	""" So what brings you in this part of the woods ? """
tr	PAST	The chimney mortar had disintegrated and the bricks above the roof were just sitting there .
tr	PAST	She hooked her leg around his and knocked him off balance with the help of a rogue wave .
tr	PRES	""" I will tell no one , "" the boy begged in heavily accented English ."
tr	PRES	She sighs loud and slow .
tr	PRES	""" What kind of specialist ? """
tr	PRES	"It helps me to come . """
tr	PRES	They practice the move several times , until she starts to forget about her life drama and the anxiety she experiences about taking the self-defense class .
tr	PRES	His voice begins to crack .
tr	PRES	Somewhere in between , lies .
tr	PAST	The sympathy conjured up by her presence vanished at her words .
tr	PRES	Though Dalton didn 't see himself resting .
tr	PAST	But back to the more pressing questions for the moment , something that seemed all the more urgent with his hands curved to her bottom .
tr	PAST	Max persisted when she didn 't answer .
tr	PRES	The professor 's eyes shone brightly with terror .
tr	PRES	The wicked grin he gave her sent a wave of goose bumps shimmering across her skin .
tr	PRES	Help me , Ashe begged mentally .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Dawson eyed the cloak and forced her concern away .
tr	PRES	She sighs , presses a finger against the page -- to keep track of where she is -- and then she looks up at me .
tr	PAST	"I never sensed her there , and I usually ... Who knows what she heard ? """
tr	PRES	Finally making sure that he has not been followed , he returns to his tent .
tr	PRES	In Uncle Al 's lighthouse .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Apparently , he doubted her good sense , because he cast a sharp look at her and briefly tightened his grip in warning .
tr	PAST	Funny how you can get absorbed by physical activity and wind up zoning out of everything else .
tr	PAST	Elizabeth massaged her temples with her thumbs .
tr	PAST	She advanced and reached to steady him but he stepped back again , evading her touch .
tr	PAST	Wolf lent his head on his fathers shoulder .
tr	PRES	They dismantled a huge kite , threw it hurriedly into a wagon , and sent it clattering to shelter .
tr	PRES	He stalked down the front walk of the house , kicked the gate open , and strode up to Simon .
tr	PRES	"He likes to hear their screams . """
tr	PRES	""" Wait here , "" he whispers before sprinting to the living room across the hall , like he has lost his mind ."
tr	PRES	If I present salty food for you to eat , you detect that the food isn 't sweet .
tr	PRES	He reaches forward to turn the ignition on .
tr	PRES	Beside it , the bucket of lighter fluid , a box of matches and ... I swallowed .
tr	PRES	Panic shone in her eyes , but she didn 't jump back when Derek took a step closer .
tr	PAST	""" Ah , you 're still here , "" exclaimed Mikhail , hurrying into the room ."
tr	PAST	She collapsed and sobbed until there were no more tears .
tr	PAST	His arms convulsed around her , his heart ramping up until he could feel it slam against her soft back .
tr	PAST	""" I almost have it , "" he exclaimed , whipping back around as the raccoon circled him for about the millionth time ."
tr	PAST	I slapped the silence button as quick as I could .
tr	PRES	""" If that 's ok . """
tr	PAST	His free hand carved down her ass , down the back of her leg , then back up her thigh , along the inside now .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with honesty as he reached my spot in the water .
tr	PRES	""" Vodka tonic ? """
tr	PRES	' But just : yes perhaps , as just as our little wisdom allows .
tr	PAST	For a moment , as it pounded across the square , Carey feared that the carriage was going to career into their caravan .
tr	PRES	This rips several cables out of her metal body , her eyes widen and she releases a painful croak .
tr	PRES	""" Shut up , you idiot ."
tr	PRES	Skyla coils her legs around me .
tr	PAST	Arianna inhaled sharply , her gaze slid slowly back to him , her eyes bright in the light of the moon .
tr	PAST	She smacked him hard on the arm .
tr	PAST	I trusted you and then ... bam !
tr	PAST	There was only MaryAnn , his other half , and the sanctuary of pleasure she provided .
tr	PAST	Sam outlined the practice plan , and the speeches were over .
tr	PRES	""" Pretty Mama . """
tr	PRES	""" What brings you to Poland , young man ? """
tr	PAST	Yet every thought circled back around to Matt .
tr	PAST	It was all too much , and not nearly enough , Maggie in my room , the energy in the air charged but relaxed .
tr	PAST	The temptation she provided him from simply being available .
tr	PRES	All that she was disappears into nothing .
tr	PAST	Something leaped inside her chest then .
tr	PAST	We withdrew , troubled by this new information .
tr	PRES	""" What about the investigative piece on the Halloween carnival ?"
tr	PRES	Before she 'd had her morning tea her naturally blond hair was on its way to dark red with copper highlights .
tr	PAST	Gavin slowed down and then stopped .
tr	PRES	Kira whispers to me when I fall into the chair by the register .
tr	PAST	As she wiped away the blood , tiny rays of light pierced her line of vision .
tr	PAST	"Instead of fighting him , Eleanor subsided after one "" Really , Hart . """
tr	PAST	Worry pierced her center .
tr	PAST	I never dreamed then that knitting would become my friend , my refuge , my psychiatrist , sometimes my enemy , and ultimately lead to my career .
tr	PRES	His eyes darken as they elevate to me .
tr	PRES	She stands there a long while , just the two of them looking at each other , before she speaks .
tr	PRES	""" No magical objects ? """
tr	PRES	I lean closer to him and give him a lazy smile .
tr	PAST	She never pretended about anything .
tr	PRES	Some members wove toilet paper into the bushes as if they were decorating a Christmas tree .
tr	PAST	""" Wards are solid , "" Chance reported , coming back into the kitchen ."
tr	PRES	Olivia tries to jerk away from me , but I hold on tightly .
tr	PRES	Micha opens the door .
tr	PRES	""" Your idea sounds more dangerous , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Sliding her legs to the edge of the mattress , she attempted to leave the bed and was stopped by his hand at her elbow .
tr	PAST	Curling her fingers into the fabric , she tugged upward .
tr	PAST	Luna 's comments mingled with everyone else 's as they all gathered in the entry hall in a tableau similar to the one when he 'd arrived .
tr	PAST	Fitch dismissed them and sent them back to Washington .
tr	PRES	"He likes to snoop , and he 'll blow our cover . """
tr	PRES	""" Kindly describe them for me ."
tr	PAST	Forte cocked his head and looked contemplative .
tr	PRES	She carefully lays the bells down on the table in front of her so that the price tag is showing .
tr	PAST	Liv practically stomped her foot .
tr	PRES	""" It 's time to finally be rid of you , "" she mutters , squaring up her targets ."
tr	PRES	""" That Tench attack this afternoon ?"
tr	PAST	He tugged Helen even closer .
tr	PAST	"I transformed into an eagle to escape , but he transformed into a fox and got me between his razor teeth . """
tr	PRES	"Some freaky ritual murder ? """
tr	PRES	He points at the window , like the castle is somehow going to pop into view .
tr	PAST	Upon impact the blade shattered .
tr	PRES	He falls on top of me , his body lifeless .
tr	PRES	""" That she could make up her lies for all eternity and not reach the truth . """
tr	PAST	He thanked him for being his friend .
tr	PRES	Caleb points out houses where there used to be farms , and suggests we turn back toward the highway .
tr	PRES	' Yeah ... lucky you , Tam ! '
tr	PRES	"And seriously , find a change of clothes , cause you are just nasty , "" she teased ."
tr	PAST	He eyed Stuart from where he was standing .
tr	PRES	Today , fury fills his eyes .
tr	PAST	I bounced off people and tried to open my eyes , but the gas was too thick .
tr	PAST	""" Of course not , I never - "" She froze ."
tr	PAST	The minutes crawled by and became hours , and I watched as the sky grew darker and the sun set .
tr	PRES	A carriage hauled by two pawing black horses , enters rattling .
tr	PRES	""" Told you ... "" she sings to Serena ."
tr	PAST	I unbuttoned his pink dress shirt , quickly discarding it .
tr	PAST	She lingered there for some time , contemplating the night past , recalling Drake 's kisses , the sensual heat that had flared between them .
tr	PAST	""" They announced the nominees for the AVN Awards ."
tr	PAST	He tipped the envelope with two fingers and handed to me .
tr	PAST	Darien marveled at the tiny human pleasures .
tr	PAST	Marian slapped the book shut again and threw it on the counter .
tr	PAST	""" I agree , "" I mumbled , finding myself choked up and emotional ."
tr	PRES	He took a step closer , his long red cloak spreading behind him .
tr	PRES	Doug tries to put through a call to a computer in the storefront building in Wisconsin that serves as the Liberty Tea World Headquarters and Research Facility .
tr	PAST	It alighted beside me , and I looked towards its entrance , half expecting to see someone .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , no you don 't , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	The Gold Jester chuckles .
tr	PAST	When other guys appeared interested and began making moves on me , he acted fast for fear of losing me .
tr	PRES	""" Family resemblance , Reuben , positively uncanny ."
tr	PRES	"Should I warn the others ? """
tr	PAST	""" Dr. Patterson trusted me to save his daughter 's life , and I 've - "" He could not go on ."
tr	PRES	I text back : So you 're saying I should ... attack him ?
tr	PRES	""" A demonstration . """
tr	PRES	""" Bravo Yankee Six calling Tango Victor Two ."
tr	PAST	Most of the group still lingered around the fire , some had gone to bed and others were packing gear tightly away for the night .
tr	PAST	I lent it to someone .
tr	PAST	Right now she preferred to hate him than accept the other emotion that was developing .
tr	PAST	She caressed his face , as though she found something she liked in the scarred , harsh mess of it .
tr	PAST	He touches her arm , saying .
tr	PAST	When they were inside , he secured the door .
tr	PRES	""" She visits every couple of days ."
tr	PRES	Instead , the driver opens my door and Declan 's hand comes out to take mine .
tr	PAST	Rio then hauled himself out of the boat and stopped beside the old man .
tr	PAST	She yawned until her jaw cracked .
tr	PAST	She bounced around , trapped inside pure sensation as her body fragmented .
tr	PAST	"The leaves rustled as the Oracle answered , "" I was waiting for you . """
tr	PAST	My brows inched up my forehead .
tr	PAST	""" Gray messed up his ankle and you had to go in cold . """
tr	PAST	But he skipped out , slamming the door .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat ; looks over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	He climbs off me and stands .
tr	PAST	a voice boomed across the garden .
tr	PRES	""" Absolutely clueless . """
tr	PRES	The gate creaks in protest as I try to open it .
tr	PAST	An orange glow soon accompanied a crackle of flames .
tr	PRES	But no joke , he slams the rubbish into the bin like he 's punching a wall .
tr	PRES	""" You idiot girl !"
tr	PRES	He flinches from the pain and then turns fiercely and grabs me by my shoulders , backing me hard against the wall as I gasp .
tr	PRES	""" Yours silly . """
tr	PAST	She flicked a piece of broken glass off the counter .
tr	PRES	If it turns out to be a viable cancer cure , it belongs to the world , and no one should hold the patent .
tr	PAST	She shimmied back up his body , examining his injuries as she went .
tr	PRES	""" Mum , "" he mumbled ."
tr	PRES	The disbelief shone brighter .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately , they still bore the tags .
tr	PRES	But you assume that there needs to be something left of me to continue on .
tr	PAST	Pass you a note ?
tr	PAST	Then he tipped Felix 's head back until he was facing the sky .
tr	PRES	And thanks for opening up to me , Tam .
tr	PAST	I giggled , as I bounced around him like a giddy school girl .
tr	PRES	The oxygen tastes like cold water after a long drought .
tr	PAST	She withdrew her hand and the orb remained suspended in the air .
tr	PRES	I crack my knuckles against the table and then pop my neck .
tr	PAST	I cowered in the corner , my knees pressed against my chest .
tr	PRES	Murdoch asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	"The land rumbled and shook , and in minutes , the ocean swallowed every rock , hollow , and denizen . """
tr	PRES	When he mixes the two it cracks me up .
tr	PAST	As the crowd dispersed , Devlin limped out to the center of the ring .
tr	PAST	We exited the stadium where waiting fans lingered for autographs , pictures , and whatever else they could get from us players .
tr	PAST	Her father 's voice intruded on the Disney movie she was watching with Whitney .
tr	PRES	My dad reaches into his back pocket and pulls out two tickets .
tr	PRES	""" No , "" I echo ."
tr	PAST	Josh 's body stiffened in surprise .
tr	PAST	""" I don 't know , "" Della lied and opened her eyes ."
tr	PRES	I fel to my knees , clutched the sides of the toilet , and gagged until my body shook .
tr	PAST	Amy exclaimed ; but it encouraged her to see Moses thinking about his sister 's welfare .
tr	PAST	The sea drake emerged from her lair and cocked her head , to stare at the boy she once knew .
tr	PRES	She stands up and pushes her chair in .
tr	PAST	The ritual chant provided an anchor in the uncertain sea in which Jacques was floating .
tr	PAST	He adjusted the position of his headset and microphone .
tr	PAST	""" He is , "" Siri lied ."
tr	PAST	Each trip resulted in another much-needed infusion into Terrance 's nearly empty cash coffer .
tr	PAST	This freaked me out more than I was already freaked out at the very prospect of the evening 's festivities .
tr	PRES	I shine the torch at the girl .
tr	PAST	She desired him , but she was sure that was par for the course with his women .
tr	PAST	I sped up , pumping even harder to get away .
tr	PRES	The buffer potential of this storage unit here scattered those pulses through the system .
tr	PAST	He sensed rather than saw the two men behind him .
tr	PRES	With a silly smile plastered on my face , I retrieve my backpack from the passenger side of my car and wave at Isaiah before walking away .
tr	PRES	He quickly sees what would cause a man to give up everything .
tr	PAST	""" Himself is writing a letter , "" the old prostitute announced grandly as if throwing crumbs to the starving masses ."
tr	PAST	They meandered through the French Market , and Cade pointed out the Port where Naval ships dock .
tr	PAST	I hooked my feet one at a time into the steel diamonds , pushed myself up , and slotted my free foot into the next diamond .
tr	PAST	He cuffed me on the shoulder and wagged his gray eyebrows at me .
tr	PRES	""" I summon you forth with voice and blood ."
tr	PAST	He inhaled sharply as I began to grind up against him .
tr	PRES	The next position allows the user to open it for full contact as it is used under the pool .
tr	PRES	I padded into the bathroom to wash off my makeup and comb out my hair .
tr	PAST	She tipped her face up to look at him .
tr	PAST	She inches closer to me on the sofa .
tr	PRES	Call ' em off ! '
tr	PAST	The drums throb , replacing my pulse with theirs .
tr	PRES	""" Well that helps ."
tr	PRES	""" Two sodas , five candy bars , two packs of crackers ."
tr	PRES	"Such a shame . """
tr	PRES	Jagged yet graceful his movements , lips seductive , voice full of carefully modulated pain .
tr	PAST	Connections and money ruled .
tr	PAST	""" You claimed the sea monster 's flesh had the power - "" "" I lied , "" Yves said miserably ."
tr	PRES	""" What kind of proof ? """
tr	PAST	Ramsey regarded him for several moments .
tr	PAST	Dark magic writhed inside him , struggling against the emotions Victoria inspired .
tr	PAST	Her gaze flicked downward .
tr	PRES	All of a sudden the button on the chest begins beeping insistently startling them .
tr	PAST	I sensed a hallway that led into the back of the shop .
tr	PRES	' Not the poker ! '
tr	PAST	His skeptical eyebrows urged me forward .
tr	PRES	He points over his shoulder at the house behind him .
tr	PAST	I lay down on my stomach in the tent , my head propped up on two elbows , facing out the open flap .
tr	PRES	"No one likes tonguing an ashtray . """
tr	PRES	""" Romeo Charlie Charlie , please repeat for Fever two zero . """
tr	PRES	The sun shone down on the rolling land with lush green hills , meadows , and lakes .
tr	PRES	"Are you ok ? """
tr	PAST	Showering and dressing in record time , Jamie skipped makeup except for the basic blush , mascara , and lip gloss , and bolted out the door .
tr	PRES	""" What if my memory never returns ?"
tr	PRES	"Perhaps the one causes the other . """
tr	PRES	I bury a kiss into her belly button , and her insides quiver beneath me .
tr	PRES	""" A whole bunch , but now that I saw you ... "" she looked at her mother sheepishly ."
tr	PRES	Shame and relief crash simultaneously over me , rendering me speechless as Emerson turns to take me in .
tr	PAST	This time , his tongue swirled deeper into my mouth and he moved his hands up and down my neck and back .
tr	PAST	Every time there 's mention of the devil , it 's circled .
tr	PRES	He makes me sick , how he treats her , uses her lack of family as a weapon against her .
tr	PRES	""" You 're out of your mind , blinder boy , "" Baxter snaps at me ."
tr	PAST	""" I know , I know , "" she sobbed , covering the page with her hand ."
tr	PRES	""" Absolutely , positively sure . """
tr	PRES	Science also explains the same mechanisms but uses different terms and frameworks .
tr	PAST	Miranda dove back into her pint of ice cream .
tr	PAST	I dreamed about growling animals that night : they were all around me in the fog , and I was scared .
tr	PAST	""" That 's not true , "" Colette countered ."
tr	PRES	I strain to catch every one of them .
tr	PAST	The creature shrieked triumphantly as it reached to pluck Matthew from the saddle .
tr	PRES	Grief roars inside me .
tr	PRES	""" You better not , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	The girl 's mother lies dead at her daughter 's side , still holding her hand .
tr	PRES	Father , seemingly unaware of their presence , begins to head away from us .
tr	PAST	' Oh , that was Old Twister , ' another grizzled angler immediately identified the fish .
tr	PRES	Tammie sighs in exasperation .
tr	PRES	""" Is that Carla there ? """
tr	PRES	I 'm not going to lie to you and tell you it tastes amazing because , truthfully , it sucks .
tr	PRES	"I can 't see that , "" she explains to me ."
tr	PAST	The TV screen glowed to life .
tr	PAST	An old Impala chugged up .
tr	PRES	"A swordsman never lets go of his weapon . """
tr	PAST	Chapter 2 He 'd risked his neck for a woman who could teach a survival course at the base .
tr	PRES	""" Lady Daphne ? """
tr	PAST	William eyed his friend with a grim smile .
tr	PAST	Finding them , he donned them as quickly and quietly as possible .
tr	PRES	Aimee releases my hand and adjusts herself .
tr	PAST	"Sorry I bothered you . """
tr	PRES	The crack bellows like a shockwave throughout the room and Serena takes a step back .
tr	PRES	""" Just some crazy old dude who insisted I look at some flyers I 've never heard of ."
tr	PAST	""" Duke to Daddy "" topped the page ."
tr	PRES	I lean into him , exhausted from the long days .
tr	PAST	Light glowed from a spot on the ground nearby , as if a big lamp was shining out of a hole in the ground .
tr	PAST	She flicked her hands and from the ground came an hourglass .
tr	PRES	""" Good lass . """
tr	PAST	Thomas 's parents served Charlotte 's parents in the Institute , and now Thomas serves Charlotte and Henry .
tr	PAST	In the quiet of the room , Gray sensed a looming danger .
tr	PAST	Katy sobbed , pacing around the trailer .
tr	PRES	"Should I proceed ? """
tr	PAST	She doubted anyone knew where they were , but , better safe than sorry .
tr	PAST	I froze and cleared my mind , hoping she would try to talk to me through her mind .
tr	PRES	""" It belongs to both of us , asshole . """
tr	PRES	""" Because we wipe memory of us from their minds . """
tr	PRES	Jack slides off the dance floor back to Tim .
tr	PRES	Something about this bothers me , but I can 't put a finger on it .
tr	PRES	"Only my faithful servant sees me in my real form . """
tr	PAST	He tensed slightly under my fingertips , but I didn 't stop my words .
tr	PRES	""" And that brings me to my next point . """
tr	PRES	They mutter curses , and I jump back and clap my hands over my ears , the sound drilling into my head .
tr	PRES	He sat in a chair near the fire Julien had lit in the parlor , his socked feet resting on a stool .
tr	PAST	I threaded my fingers into his hair and met his seeking mouth .
tr	PAST	An exultant tone threaded through his feeble words .
tr	PRES	""" I know he has problems , "" I drag my butt off the bed and look around the room for my purse ."
tr	PRES	Stealing up noiselessly within ten yards , the Bushman throws his club with great force , and rarely misses his aim .
tr	PAST	He squinted towards the car .
tr	PRES	Mr. Goodwin glances up with a brief smile .
tr	PRES	Marcus remains in a coma , but there is no trace of Kayla 's pneumonia .
tr	PAST	""" Yeah , but you 'd better hurry and drink it before it demands citizenship , "" I advised ."
tr	PRES	So she punished those who had to stay but did not wish to stay .
tr	PAST	Jazz limped to her bedroom , found a reasonably clean floppy sweatshirt and tossed it to Lucia , who pulled it on .
tr	PAST	He flicked the blade open and shoved it straight into Pam 's leg .
tr	PAST	The slippers he stuffed in the bag .
tr	PAST	He clutched the chain , recalling earlier how she 'd stopped so suddenly .
tr	PRES	"then he points his weapon at the girl , "" terminate ! """
tr	PRES	""" Time to die , bro ! """
tr	PRES	""" Your boyfriend lets you run off for a weekend with your boss ? """
tr	PAST	He slapped his hands along the metal grating , grappling for something , anything to slow the drag toward the back .
tr	PRES	I bark , and then temper my tone , catching the professor 's eyes flicker up at us from his podium .
tr	PRES	Nothing mattered here , in this place with its marble hallways and learned men walking the halls .
tr	PRES	The sphere was open , the door gaping wide and black .
tr	PAST	Grinning , Stephan cuffed Edward for his impudence , his white teeth a contrast to flawless black skin .
tr	PAST	Still in work clothes he had food on his T-shirt , one hand resting down his pants the other clutching an empty wine bottle .
tr	PRES	I sell all that stuff , too .
tr	PAST	He awoke at night exhausted and Lydia came and gave him something sweet tasting to drink that made him sleep throughout the night .
tr	PAST	That sentiment probably extended to her whole family , except Tug , who gave him quite a bit of tree work .
tr	PAST	Nick crawled onto the bed , wrapping Kelly 's hips in his arms and pul ing him closer .
tr	PRES	Her face splits into a stunning smile and she reaches into the back pocket of her jeans .
tr	PAST	Noah cocked his head , pretending to consider that for a moment .
tr	PRES	Sidney giggles and nearly doubles over .
tr	PRES	Master Sole stands behind a desk with Roland standing on the other side .
tr	PRES	Her heart pounding , she releases the breath she was holding and finally starts breathing normally .
tr	PAST	She stripped down and put her feet in the hot water .
tr	PAST	He preferred to pitch his tent , as far away from them as possible .
tr	PAST	The way they asked always bothered her , as if they had this , well , hunger for bad news .
tr	PAST	She tensed , and turned her head slightly as fingers with incomprehensible strength closed around her and pulled her into the ruthless void .
tr	PAST	Around the area , torchlight wavered .
tr	PAST	""" It 'll heal quicker than the bullet wounds , "" Dee joked weakly ."
tr	PAST	The man provided him with more than he 'd hoped .
tr	PRES	I arrive at the restaurant in a matter of minutes .
tr	PRES	All those lectures and study groups and God-awful group presentations , ' he added , ' Why should I have to tick their stupid boxes ?
tr	PAST	""" Melanie , "" he cheered ."
tr	PRES	The truth that had sat so closely on my lips now shrinks away again , buried underneath my fears .
tr	PAST	I flung it every which way as I jostled down the stairs .
tr	PRES	Love , S. Christchurch , New Zealand December 17th , 1943 Dear S , Hello again !
tr	PAST	""" My name is Brianna , "" she mumbled "" Let 's go around the table . """
tr	PRES	When I volunteered to lead my team to find you , she begged me to keep you safe .
tr	PRES	""" You ever seen her without that bright red lipstick she likes ?"
tr	PAST	He created a language through the sounds he made for them , and I did my best to learn .
tr	PAST	A group of them shuffled together towards Steve , and I realized that by ' many of us ' he meant every single vampire except for Connor .
tr	PAST	"It 's a done deal , "" slurred Ana vehemently ."
tr	PRES	He joins me in front of the steamer trunk , reaching in to grab the belt that holds his bells .
tr	PRES	""" Well , "" Emerson sighs , swinging his legs around so that he 's sitting beside me ."
tr	PRES	The commander plucked a metal chair from the corner and straddled it , his arms resting along the back .
tr	PRES	""" Everyone will figure I was in a major fistfight , "" James teased ."
tr	PAST	Max dumped his bag on the floor and sat down beside me .
tr	PAST	He claimed to be Wesley Boss , but some of the things he said reminded her of Malcolm , so she gave me a call .
tr	PAST	But Sarah must have sensed something was bothering him because he saw her worried eyes .
tr	PRES	""" The House of Haag holds the key . """
tr	PRES	He tries to say it soberly but I can still hear the snigger in his voice .
tr	PAST	A shout pounded against his teeth , split his lips apart .
tr	PRES	His jaw opens like he 's going to say something , but the DING cuts him off and the doors open .
tr	PRES	"It will be good company for him , "" Geoff comments ."
tr	PRES	Although I know it seems irrational , pain fills my eyes for someone I don 't even know .
tr	PRES	' ' Well , it helps me escape from this world temporarily .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap wide and I back off to try another tactic .
tr	PAST	He stares at me as if trying to pull the answers from my very soul .
tr	PRES	He stands and turns to me .
tr	PRES	""" It probably helps that you 've had extra time on your hands without basketball this semester , am I right ? """
tr	PRES	His speed creeps up past eighty as we race toward town .
tr	PRES	Up in her office she reviewed the video footage as well as other data gathered from the sensors .
tr	PAST	""" The landlord never bothered to check ? """
tr	PRES	""" Not if they all arrive at once . """
tr	PAST	She doubted that she would be able to back out now .
tr	PAST	I giggled to myself as I stepped into the shower .
tr	PAST	Christianity achieved what it did , according to N. T. Wright , because Jesus rose from the dead .
tr	PRES	""" Sorry , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PAST	""" It 's probably the same wing that crashed into our warehouse door , "" he surmised , and ran across to look inside ."
tr	PRES	""" Me , "" she sniffs ."
tr	PAST	He caressed her face , her smooth white throat .
tr	PRES	His white skin shone with a little glow that distinguished vampires from humans .
tr	PAST	""" Sorry , "" she retracted , placing a hand over her heart ."
tr	PRES	Rage that has always been a part of me pushes to the surface .
tr	PRES	I fumble with the door handle .
tr	PAST	Mark scooted over to make room for the two of them .
tr	PRES	""" Good intentions . """
tr	PRES	He flicks his tongue across my aching clit , sending jolts of rapture through every inch of me .
tr	PAST	He flagged down a taxi , slammed the door hard and grunted out his destination .
tr	PAST	The cold air glided over her flushed skin and made her shiver .
tr	PRES	""" It explains everything ."
tr	PRES	Logan points to Sean 's mouth .
tr	PAST	Her head smacked back , and the pleasure I felt would worry therapists across the nation .
tr	PAST	She scribbled a few words and held it up for John to read .
tr	PAST	They split up and looked it over .
tr	PRES	Frank glances at me nervously and Jason is rooted to the spot .
tr	PAST	Honing in on it , he willed himself to her dream .
tr	PRES	Richard 's dark face shone in the light of the one lantern he held .
tr	PAST	""" That 's not true , they have Eden and Kiran , "" I countered , searching her eyes for where her argument was coming from ."
tr	PRES	""" Fine , "" he mumbled and clicked the keys on his laptop ."
tr	PRES	"Chapter Eleven - Megan "" Come on ! """
tr	PRES	""" Not talking to me , eh ?"
tr	PAST	Jen dismissed his comment and the negative emotions that went with it .
tr	PRES	Tracing the length of the petal edges with my gaze , I explore the picture like a honeybee searching dark voids for nectar .
tr	PRES	""" Still ... "" "" Ketchup , please ."
tr	PRES	She glances at it and then at me before she stamps my passport and hands it back .
tr	PRES	""" Bite him quick , Norm ! """
tr	PAST	As we drove to the station , the radio buzzed with static and updates on calls .
tr	PAST	Four uniformed CPD officers stepped around her .
tr	PAST	That bothered me more than it should .
tr	PRES	""" I remember how empty I felt that night I came home and found it waiting for me , a red bow sitting on top ."
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth , then closes it .
tr	PRES	Malice shone in eyes that were once bright and full of joy .
tr	PAST	She crouched at its highest point , counting slowly in her head .
tr	PAST	Once she had , she acted without thinking .
tr	PAST	Her scent wavered between mistrust and shock , though , telling him as much about her internal struggle to digest this information as her thoughts probably would .
tr	PAST	""" They invented the first Vampire and Werewolf stories . """
tr	PRES	"I hope that you can forgive us , "" she chokes out , her chest heaving with sobs ."
tr	PAST	""" All right , moving on , "" Regan announced in a way that said she had lots of experience stepping between her battling sons ."
tr	PRES	""" As you wish , Madam . """
tr	PRES	""" Now , I assume you want to be paid . """
tr	PAST	Mom eyed my faded University of Wisconsin t-shirt .
tr	PRES	""" Magic lovers undercover . """
tr	PRES	One night , she dares the inconceivable and leaves the safety of her home .
tr	PRES	""" The Protector remains where it was first hidden , cleverly guarded ."
tr	PAST	A faint smile curved her lips .
tr	PRES	The radio plays and the engine keeps cutting out .
tr	PAST	Jason eyed his father warily .
tr	PRES	"They huddle together like sheep around the same small stock of opinions . """
tr	PAST	Walls curved and assumed odd angles .
tr	PRES	However , the act states there are exceptions .
tr	PRES	""" This takes the heat off Cadogan , slides it right over to Grey ."
tr	PAST	Wandering over to a thick stem , Ed sniffed it two or three times , then lifted his leg to water it .
tr	PAST	I regarded him for a few heartbeats , then I reached up to curl my fingers around his hand .
tr	PRES	""" But hear me , lad ."
tr	PRES	From the windows , the first lights shine out .
tr	PRES	""" You do know there 's software for such things , "" I teased , no longer feeling queasy ."
tr	PRES	Goddamn it , man , she loves you !
tr	PRES	Max begins writing Officer Kent 's address .
tr	PAST	I crouched down and patted the dog 's head and as if bonding immediately , the dog got up and started licking my hand .
tr	PRES	""" He senses your fear , Francesco ."
tr	PAST	She restrained herself from gritting her teeth and growling .
tr	PAST	Thoughts of balls and parties fled her mind .
tr	PAST	""" I should have never put you on the Elixir , "" he countered ."
tr	PRES	""" You look lovely , "" he announces , his blue eyes warm ."
tr	PRES	After what feels like an eternity , Damian enters .
tr	PRES	He throws them over and over and Brenden dodges each one .
tr	PAST	""" We either hike to the van or figure out how to fly that thing out of here . """
tr	PAST	My arm freed from their weight , I jerked free , ripped my trusty diamond knife free and skewered another .
tr	PRES	He glances at my hair .
tr	PRES	I confess I find the process fascinating .
tr	PRES	She reaches up and wipes away some of his tears , yet they continue to stream down his face .
tr	PRES	A look of realization washes over his face .
tr	PRES	""" Ah , that explains a lot . """
tr	PRES	How his mouth had pressed against hers , feeling her tremble .
tr	PRES	Serena blushes as she stares at his calves .
tr	PAST	Zack dismissed the help with a smile , then gestured at the bottles .
tr	PRES	"Left a pair of young children orphaned . """
tr	PAST	He groped around to find where he had put the flashlight , grabbed it , and started to fiddle with the on / off switch .
tr	PRES	He likes to collect pelts and animal skulls and those types of things .
tr	PRES	""" My lease up ? """
tr	PAST	""" The sergeant reported that the leg was uninjured , sir ."
tr	PRES	A salty thaw washes the grime from cracks in the ancient buildings , leaving them clean as old crazed crockery .
tr	PRES	"She uses the bank where he works . """
tr	PAST	Peace stole into his heart and mind .
tr	PRES	I wipe off the filter mount and finish the rest of what I have to say .
tr	PAST	I shimmied closer to him , the heat from his body soaking into mine and calming me enough so I could twist my hand into his pocket .
tr	PRES	He lets his forehead rest against mine .
tr	PAST	God created them for various purposes .
tr	PRES	""" Ashley , dumbass . """
tr	PRES	His eyes narrow for an instant and a thread of suspicion enters his voice .
tr	PAST	The impact produced a blinding light and a wall of sand that completely erased the sun in a bright and cloudless sky .
tr	PRES	""" Well , "" Chris begins , taking one of the drinks from Alec 's hand when he extends it toward her ."
tr	PRES	The statue whispers to me .
tr	PRES	""" Damn you , "" she breathed , her nails digging into his skin ."
tr	PRES	I click connect on my cuff again , more urgently this time .
tr	PAST	""" An image projected onto molecules to give it shape and form . """
tr	PRES	That way he 'll look pretty silly , eh ? '
tr	PRES	Sliding in , he slides a little too close next to me .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and looked down at Carrie , forcing a smile .
tr	PRES	He stands there ; devilishly handsome as my eyes roam down to his powerful set of shoulders that are straining against his button down dress shirt .
tr	PAST	Her job took its toll in energy , and normally by Friday night , Carol collapsed the moment she got into bed , waking refreshed Saturday morning .
tr	PRES	He abruptly stops and hangs up the phone .
tr	PAST	I propped myself up on one elbow and squinted at the clock on the wall .
tr	PAST	""" I feared ... "" "" I was dead ? """
tr	PAST	She flung her boots onto the floor and slid off her vest .
tr	PAST	I just about convulsed when he said that .
tr	PRES	"He elbows Ethan , who says , "" Yeah , count me in . """
tr	PAST	She almost smacked herself for having that thought .
tr	PRES	""" They were putting him into the chamber when I heard you were waking and I came up here , "" Aria explains ."
tr	PAST	"Sarah tensed and pulled at her hand , but he gripped it and said , "" That came out wrong . """
tr	PRES	She sizes me up and I can see the hatred in her .
tr	PAST	As they approached , the dark shape readjusted its form , wings shifting and beak lifting to reveal a black pelican .
tr	PRES	She lies perfectly still as I lap up all the salt .
tr	PAST	Joy and sympathy washed her expression into something tender .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Beth shrieked at Brody .
tr	PAST	Of course , his people trusted in him , wanted to obey .
tr	PAST	Mom hacked at the cutting board .
tr	PAST	Once it was within a hundred feet he flicked his fingers at the craft , sending it toppling end over end into the Nile .
tr	PAST	Steamy dog breath tickled Tristan 's face .
tr	PRES	"He points and says , "" About ten minutes down that road , but we are not going there , okay ? """
tr	PRES	""" Because she doesn 't exist !"
tr	PRES	His cherry truck that has a crooked smile and is up on blocks at his house .
tr	PRES	"Would his eyes rot ? """
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with an unnatural glow .
tr	PAST	I mumbled something about dog fur and made sure he heard so when we didn 't find wolves he 'd know where the fur came from .
tr	PAST	But I preferred the boys shooting bottle rockets into the lake to shooting them toward my yard , which tended to give my dad a nervous breakdown .
tr	PAST	She sneezed twice and sniffled .
tr	PAST	His finger tipped her chin upward , causing Rema to reluctantly gaze into his eyes .
tr	PRES	She sighs and then waves before turning to leave .
tr	PRES	""" Come to me , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	But then his face clouded over and he shook his head .
tr	PRES	I request we wait for their arrival .
tr	PAST	He regarded me coolly , face perfectly at ease .
tr	PAST	All of those secrets he has scribbled away through his patients confessions .
tr	PRES	""" A target ? """
tr	PAST	Once again , I acted like a douche so she had to make the decision to stop because I couldn 't .
tr	PRES	But anyway , eventually the door opens and John 's dad walks out .
tr	PRES	He begged , bullied , coerced .
tr	PRES	""" Don "" t know how you do it , Mister Vimes ! """
tr	PRES	""" Are you ok to do more skiing today ?"
tr	PAST	Students perked up across the patio , and conversations ceased .
tr	PAST	The chair tipped over sideways .
tr	PAST	""" Someone destroyed my home and killed my family , Louise ."
tr	PAST	Hurt pierced Danica 's heart .
tr	PRES	Elijah tries not to notice and orders penne .
tr	PAST	""" Someone stole The Siren 's Heart . """
tr	PAST	Her thin hands clasped each other tightly .
tr	PAST	He holstered his weapon and advanced on her .
tr	PRES	A small sputter and the machine roars to life .
tr	PRES	"If you 're not worried about your own safety , what about Marley ? """
tr	PAST	I trusted my visions to get my scrolls into the intended hands .
tr	PRES	She stands there staunch , hands on hips and toe tapping .
tr	PRES	"Are you ok ? """
tr	PRES	Frigid water sheeted over the rails drenching them all .
tr	PAST	Then they untied their horses from the bushes and swung up into their saddles .
tr	PRES	The taller one stops before him .
tr	PRES	""" Getting permanently marked and becoming an outcast kills all those opportunities for me ."
tr	PAST	""" He only lied about , being a prince of nothingness . """
tr	PAST	His body tensed as he waited for the bullet to penetrate his scull and thrust his body forward into some spiritual tunnel .
tr	PRES	She deserves so much better than being beaten up by some monster .
tr	PAST	I much preferred Finn .
tr	PRES	Then ... she hears it .
tr	PRES	""" No need to be testy , Zane ."
tr	PAST	Iris shrieked , helpless to assist in the struggle .
tr	PRES	"We are all free , "" Blade states ."
tr	PAST	Beyond it , directly ahead , a staggering mountain range pierced the clouds .
tr	PAST	Eustace screeched while tossing his away .
tr	PAST	I replayed the footage of the thief , wondering if it was Zen herself .
tr	PRES	""" With Chief McCormick ? """
tr	PAST	I eyed my alarm clock .
tr	PRES	"Hiding myself behind a dumpster , I hiss into nothingness , "" No ."
tr	PRES	Another large group walked in , probably stragglers from the fight .
tr	PAST	I screwed my face up in concentration .
tr	PAST	Sage grunted again and turned away , mumbling something to himself as he disappeared into the shadows of the night .
tr	PAST	His hand wavered in midair before falling limply back to his side .
tr	PAST	Then she clipped a small piece of Gracie 's hair and added it to the pot , which contained what now was a bright red liquid .
tr	PAST	I tipped my chin higher , using defiance to mask my insecurity .
tr	PAST	She regarded her friend .
tr	PAST	They abandoned the swarthy man they 'd been tending , and hurried to him .
tr	PRES	""" Trojan education not all it 's cocked up to be , eh ? """
tr	PAST	"That 's just great , "" I wail , feeling like a complete idiot ."
tr	PAST	Chey pretended to be absorbed in studying her hands .
tr	PRES	His magic washes into me , seeping through my skin .
tr	PAST	"The parchment exploded . """
tr	PAST	He nuzzled against my hair , burrowing deep until he 'd moved all the way into my neck .
tr	PAST	The madness invaded their minds as they hurried to the house where Toni 's mom used to live .
tr	PAST	Tom dreamed again that night as he slept restlessly on the cold floor .
tr	PAST	""" You lied to me . """
tr	PRES	""" Ahhh , "" she breathes with a smile ."
tr	PAST	He cocked a challenging eyebrow at her .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone with intelligence .
tr	PAST	Angelina looked at her , a strange smile on her face and JC 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Bonita slapped his arm away and took a step toward Brooke .
tr	PRES	The slow shake of her head terrifies me .
tr	PAST	""" I experienced emotions ."
tr	PRES	As if the years had stolen something precious from him .
tr	PRES	""" Camille -- are you okay with sleeping alone , sweetie ? """
tr	PRES	Then again , wolves healed swiftly .
tr	PRES	A grin so heartless even his amusement was tainted .
tr	PAST	""" Shall we get started , "" his voice boomed ."
tr	PRES	But to this day , our destiny remains unclear .
tr	PAST	A piece of his construct shattered , and the whole thing began to crash downwards .
tr	PAST	Hands curved into claws .
tr	PRES	He crawls from beneath Bobby to see Piper ramming Frank 's head into the hood of the Jeep .
tr	PRES	""" No , "" I protest ."
tr	PRES	""" Won 't you , Your Highness ? """
tr	PRES	I lean down and grab Nurse Kell 's key card from her hip , and then , still carrying the tray , I rush from the room .
tr	PAST	He taped one phone to the underside of the vehicle 's running board .
tr	PAST	He pursued her across the California king until she reached the headboard and had nowhere left to go .
tr	PRES	""" Okay , but this falls under the roommate umbrella of secrecy ."
tr	PAST	I sensed the evil !
tr	PAST	Jordan 's familiar form reappeared out of the woods , and Erin let out a deep breath .
tr	PAST	Jealousy exploded around his heart .
tr	PRES	After a thorough examination , he begins to heal my ankle , raps it as a precaution and we head back toward our room .
tr	PAST	Ah , Jim ... ' The coachman bore down on Moist , his enormous driving cape flapping .
tr	PRES	""" What you 're doing ... the comments you 're making , "" Rose explained , "" ... about me . """
tr	PAST	Two men mopped their brows before retreating to the corner nearest the window , where a cool breeze slipped in under the sash .
tr	PAST	Pulling back , I risked a glance at Kellan .
tr	PRES	She throws her hood back , turns her head back and forth , all so I can get a good luck at how terrifying she looks .
tr	PAST	The lift jolted into life , and Douglas quickly held Margo as she nearly collided with the wall .
tr	PRES	Intelligent , beautiful , caring .
tr	PAST	The stronger and more alert he became , the more pain washed over him , consumed him .
tr	PAST	A tidal wave of failure washed over him .
tr	PRES	Then she learns that bodyguards and witches can also be mates .
tr	PRES	Walking into the village , Diana and her sisters attract the attention of the pirates .
tr	PAST	Dana described her design in more detail .
tr	PRES	' Resource extraction . '
tr	PRES	""" He said it was you , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	"It explains why you 're finding a derivative or doing integrations . """
tr	PRES	He flips through the pages , and the love I see in his eyes makes my knees go weak .
tr	PRES	No lights shone from any windows or outdoor fixtures .
tr	PAST	I hopped in and scrubbed away all of the day 's tension .
tr	PAST	Then I destroyed them .
tr	PRES	Their claws twitch as if in time to some beat I can 't quite hear .
tr	PRES	She sat quietly , her fists clenched tightly , wanting to cry and cry forever .
tr	PAST	The doctor produced a device about the size of a small lamp and placed it on the table .
tr	PRES	""" Sometimes the baby likes to stretch out ."
tr	PAST	He wept again and exited the room .
tr	PAST	To call for the lift would only alert any men posted below .
tr	PRES	Her name fits what she is perfectly .
tr	PAST	She shrieked and snatched the covers to her neck .
tr	PAST	He persisted , trying to quiet my words .
tr	PRES	""" Impressive , usually you yield so fast ."
tr	PRES	She stops right in front me .
tr	PRES	"His uncle Senator Maxwell Hammond ? """
tr	PAST	she sobbed , almost to herself .
tr	PRES	Day helps Eden and their caretaker inside first , and when they 're both buckled up , we climb in .
tr	PAST	Slowly , she replayed everything she 'd heard between Mr. Mercer and his mother , their cutting argument echoing in her mind .
tr	PAST	"It would be the perfect time to announce their betrothal , "" Renny secretly disclosed ."
tr	PRES	My drunken episodes differ enormously from my father 's .
tr	PRES	Dani whispered loudly and fanned herself with a menu .
tr	PAST	Colton smacked his lips .
tr	PAST	I edged farther into the darkness of the big den , my paws brushing against the old , stale grass , disturbing nothing more .
tr	PAST	""" I named Pierce as my attacker . """
tr	PRES	""" What the fuck ?"
tr	PRES	' Your Highness ! '
tr	PAST	The bird screeched in agony .
tr	PRES	""" Why change them , if they are going to get dirty anyway , "" he justified on more than one occasion ."
tr	PAST	He scooted his chair out from behind his desk , the wheels squeaking annoyingly as he did so , until he too was facing the blackboard .
tr	PAST	It bounced along the rutted ice , plowing with methodical sweeps .
tr	PRES	""" Which probably accounts for the person who jostled me as I returned to my seat ."
tr	PRES	He glances over to me and smiles .
tr	PRES	""" What about your friend , Ramsey ?"
tr	PRES	He chuckles , smiling , staring at the snow .
tr	PAST	Oliver took in my tight , balled fists , my stiff shoulders , my narrowed eyes , my flushed face .
tr	PAST	He was sprawled on top of the covers , propped up on some of the pillows with his hands resting behind his head .
tr	PAST	He suddenly slowed down and his shoulder sagged .
tr	PAST	He dialed the only number he knew by heart other than Centerville Pizza and waited for an answer .
tr	PRES	"The most votes ? """
tr	PAST	""" There has to be something I can do here that we can both live with , "" she persisted ."
tr	PRES	""" Miss Manners ' School for Girls ? """
tr	PRES	She sees me looking at her and her jaw snaps shut .
tr	PAST	""" Or me , "" Sage volunteered ."
tr	PRES	Nobody explains to him why that 's funny .
tr	PAST	As I went down on him , he caressed my cheek and moaned my name like a prayer .
tr	PRES	"I love you , Buddy , and I ask you to forgive me and trust me , "" Mandy begged ."
tr	PAST	His fingers threaded in her hair and he massaged her scalp .
tr	PRES	""" Better than being drooled on by a man twice your age , "" Emma mumbled ."
tr	PAST	* Stephanie received a call from Blackburn to say that Gerry Walton had passed away and she broke down in tears .
tr	PAST	I mumbled , wondering if she 'd somehow seen the fight and come to help .
tr	PAST	He emerged into the sunlight .
tr	PRES	""" Just being with you is dangerous , you idiot ."
tr	PRES	""" It ... , "" George begins ."
tr	PRES	""" Still on the outs with Marco ? """
tr	PRES	""" Your back-up project ."
tr	PRES	""" Fresh eggs ? """
tr	PAST	He voice was sad , resigned as if he had no choice in smoking .
tr	PAST	Dante leaped out of her arms so fast that she shrieked .
tr	PRES	As the bubble rises it pushes the water to the side taking its place .
tr	PAST	He clasped her hand quickly to check the thumb for warmth and a pulse .
tr	PAST	I dared the gods yesterday evening , insulted them , even .
tr	PRES	The headlights shone across the gravel but didn 't quite touch the end of the bridge .
tr	PRES	Everybody mumbled and panicked at the sight of them .
tr	PRES	No wonder the women had swooned over him in all fifty states when he was a pro football player .
tr	PRES	""" Is Aden now a vampire ? """
tr	PAST	The magic of this place revealed it to me .
tr	PAST	""" Practicality dictated someone take over the trust . """
tr	PRES	""" Come ' ere , you little bugger ! """
tr	PRES	""" That saint and I are related . """
tr	PAST	The mounted animal masks on the walls vibrated .
tr	PAST	Members of the chief 's squad slapped them across their faces and heads with batons .
tr	PAST	At the cliff 's edge , he flung out the hook until it bit into wood .
tr	PRES	And if we could get Veronique out of their tomb , Viggo and Mortimer could leave New York , vanish from the radar .
tr	PAST	""" Dave , it 's vital that your company be viewed as an independent contractor , "" Addison advised ."
tr	PRES	""" Because the fishermen mentioned large , healthy wolves . """
tr	PAST	The room glowed orange with the light of the setting sun coming through the windows as I stepped inside .
tr	PAST	Charles slowed to a fast walk .
tr	PAST	But dreamed it right .
tr	PRES	She digs in her purse and pulls out a billfold , opening it and extracting several business cards .
tr	PAST	Out in the field , Brown collapsed in a cloud of stinging insects .
tr	PAST	""" The world has not lied in naming you handsome . """
tr	PAST	The circular blur of color matched my thoughts in speed and tempo .
tr	PRES	""" Maybe , "" I confess , and stare straight ahead as I cross my ankles ."
tr	PRES	I smack her back towards him .
tr	PRES	Somehow , that eases my tension .
tr	PRES	Up many stairs and down many hallways , they padded like whispers .
tr	PAST	He motioned me forward .
tr	PAST	I installed a couple of antennae specifically to talk to Buck in New York and nearly a dozen across the country to California .
tr	PRES	My fingers tremble as I step forward , so I lace them together .
tr	PRES	Then one day she disappears and doesn 't take a thing .
tr	PRES	""" Because my mother died last winter  with a fever ."
tr	PRES	Her body falls to the floor in a violent seizure .
tr	PAST	Sibyl and Bertie , witnessing her ranting , feared she 'd sustained a terrible head injury as Scarlett carefully tended to her .
tr	PRES	Just under your hand , captain .
tr	PAST	""" Wouldn 't dream of it , "" Neil lied ."
tr	PRES	I scramble to my feet .
tr	PRES	Finding a discarded napkin here , the remains of wrapping paper there and throwing them away while Callum shut down the house for the night .
tr	PRES	"What kind of man holds his daughter responsible for not having a penis ? """
tr	PAST	Safely in the woods he collapsed and fell asleep .
tr	PRES	Both times untamed vampires roaming the streets had tried to attack her and he 'd had no choice .
tr	PRES	When she releases my hand , it tingles and the strange feeling lingers .
tr	PAST	She motioned to Tess to take a chair alongside .
tr	PRES	' Seems to be a bit of a technical fault , ' he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Lorena served them chamomile tea as Auron requested .
tr	PRES	She giggles , and the feel of it rolls through me .
tr	PRES	Grinning , she holds up the paintbrush with two fingers .
tr	PRES	She wears white robes with a necklace of gold , an emblem at its center .
tr	PAST	A few steps , hooves sinking into the sand , then the mist revealed her face to him , and his to her .
tr	PAST	""" The last time he attempted to ask me out , he spewed phlegm all over my shoes ."
tr	PAST	He reported that the attackers had already lost one of their ships and the rest were severely weakened and burnt out .
tr	PAST	I pondered whether to be grateful , angry , or downright mortified .
tr	PRES	He grasps my hand in his and pulls me close until his head rests against my stomach .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the lab about 30 minutes later .
tr	PRES	She gazes at its leather cover , then slides her finger over the cracked surface .
tr	PAST	Using the butt of the gun , he smashed the window , sending glass into the black room .
tr	PRES	""" Let 's just slice her , a little bit ... "" Duncan grabbed Saul 's hand , keeping those claws away from Holly ."
tr	PAST	It was her turn to be captivated , her attention riveted on each piece of skin revealed to her .
tr	PRES	"Everybody loves you . """
tr	PAST	Instead of speaking to the wedding guests , Mary extended one of her hands to Nicola .
tr	PAST	She awoke to a splash of blinding yellow which filled the room .
tr	PAST	She plopped back down , arms falling in her lap .
tr	PAST	Driving proved to be an exception .
tr	PAST	So , I trudged wearily downstairs and knocked on Will 's door as I passed .
tr	PRES	Whenever something is coming for you , snap its neck or double tap .
tr	PRES	""" Says the man who is a terrorist ."
tr	PRES	""" Look , Mitch ."
tr	PAST	As he considered doing just that , his comm unit buzzed in his pants pocket .
tr	PRES	So what brings you all this way in spite of the wars ? '
tr	PAST	She sensed Matt beside her , trying to hold her , but she could no more communicate with him than she could fly .
tr	PRES	""" A witch . """
tr	PRES	Her words echo in my head .
tr	PAST	""" Yes , "" I lied ."
tr	PAST	One pierced the top of the fire extinguisher beside Levi , sending an explosion of the white foamed cloud in all directions .
tr	PRES	One more piece of the puzzle throws the picture off completely .
tr	PAST	She bounced a little on her toes .
tr	PRES	At the top , Decker and Alton shone their lights down .
tr	PRES	What kind of guy tries to screw his brother over like that ?
tr	PAST	A quarter of a mile later , they exited the ravine and found themselves on a plain of red soil and scattered scrub brush .
tr	PAST	"What the fuck , Evangeline ? """
tr	PAST	His face split into a grin that made my heart soar .
tr	PAST	Skyler collapsed forward on the bed , gasping for air .
tr	PRES	""" Then untie me and I 'll tell you . """
tr	PRES	She glances at the phone in my hand .
tr	PRES	""" Celt loves children ."
tr	PRES	""" Tell me about it , "" I mutter ."
tr	PAST	""" Looks like an old fur coat , "" one of the men joked ."
tr	PAST	She pinched his hard cheek .
tr	PAST	He doubted this was one of those situations he 'd look back on years from now and find amusing .
tr	PAST	As if answering my dilemma , an increasingly loud rumble from outside announced the arrival of Stewart 's black 25th edition Camaro .
tr	PRES	He tickles my ribs gently .
tr	PRES	""" Their curse bears many names ."
tr	PAST	Rachel asked , voice pitched higher than she herself was accustomed to .
tr	PRES	She pushes the door shut slowly before shifting over to the stove , turning this knob and that as if testing it .
tr	PRES	But of course , none of that mattered now .
tr	PAST	I playfully smacked Kellan 's stomach as I came up to him in the kitchen the next morning .
tr	PRES	A mouth that at the moment looked rather innocent , but which might be sensuous if he were awake .
tr	PRES	Deep , deep , cleansing breaths .
tr	PRES	Kai lays a reassuring hand on Rayne 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	"I saw you checking them out , "" Jan teased ."
tr	PRES	Eden frowns for a second , digging through his memories , and then a grin lights up his face .
tr	PRES	""" Of course you can , "" Dante begins and then he realizes my meaning and he grins ."
tr	PAST	Jason selected five rocks of similar size .
tr	PAST	And he pondered her question for a while and then just said that this was different , but Mary couldn 't really see that it was .
tr	PRES	Before I 'm even out the door , Eight whispers some joke to Marina that immediately gets her giggling .
tr	PAST	""" You suggesting I 'd get hurt in a fight with Brett ? """
tr	PAST	Rather than run again , I leaped forward and plunged the blade into its eye .
tr	PAST	""" Knowing she experienced pain nearly destroys me every time I think of it ."
tr	PAST	Kate limped off across the yard .
tr	PRES	A fortress that size would take some doing and we 've been told that this son of the king can move very fast .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Kyle with a quick jerk of his head .
tr	PRES	"In other words , until lightning strikes again ! """
tr	PAST	The echo of their voices bounced off the weathered brick walls of the small dark tunnel along the path .
tr	PAST	Talbott produced a golden crown , bedazzled with all sorts of jewels , from who knew where and placed it respectfully on Kiran 's head .
tr	PRES	"Neither one of us trusts the other . """
tr	PRES	"Yes , he wears a claw fashioned like a crab 's . """
tr	PAST	A moment later Jonas reappeared with two glasses .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed at the exact moment I saw the tiny airplane taking off toward us .
tr	PAST	Amanda dumped another load of hot water over Julie .
tr	PAST	The shadows around her eyes troubled him , for they went deeper than the bruises .
tr	PAST	Finally , his tongue flicked over my clit , sending me rocketing toward my release .
tr	PAST	Without really intending it my Spirit extended and a spell was cast .
tr	PRES	""" You creep me out ."
tr	PAST	As Benny had stated , it bore only minor signs of damage .
tr	PRES	It sniffs the air like a dog and its lifeless eyes lock on me .
tr	PRES	The foul stench causes me to vomit again , but I don 't let go of the wriggling , furious demon .
tr	PRES	Hopefully Nicole sees me with her .
tr	PRES	""" I know , Becks ."
tr	PAST	She adjusted the settings on the machine and then stepped away .
tr	PAST	"Something you would have thanked me for if she 'd gone missing . """
tr	PAST	Simon plunged into the woods without hesitation .
tr	PRES	Pistol in hand , Bax reached forth and , with his fingertips , felt of the dark wall until he did in fact discover a door .
tr	PRES	Sinead stands beside him and cries as she holds her sister 's good hand .
tr	PRES	""" And Slade Spencer ? """
tr	PRES	he snaps , rage flaring as he regains his balance and barrels toward me .
tr	PAST	Marjorie demanded with such outrage , Gary retreated a step in surprise .
tr	PAST	She never bothered looking back .
tr	PAST	Liquid sloshed to her side .
tr	PRES	""" That explains the disappearing act in the room . """
tr	PRES	""" Please ... spare my passengers ... let them go to the escape pods ... please , "" Richard begs ."
tr	PRES	He clears his throat and explains more about how the shuttle works .
tr	PAST	Whenever someone died , their soul lingered for a brief time before it moved on .
tr	PAST	He crouched to look her straight in the eyes .
tr	PAST	Out of the wispy tendrils , two figures emerged .
tr	PRES	He releases my arm but beckons me forward , and , though I 'm still a bit wary , I follow .
tr	PRES	Leo opens his notebook , crossing out words with his pencil , and gets lost in his work once again .
tr	PAST	He stiffened in humiliation .
tr	PRES	""" Holy gods ... "" I jerked back , bouncing off of Aiden 's chest ."
tr	PRES	Tears prick my eyes , and when I look at Wilder , his face is screwed up in pain .
tr	PRES	An angry scraping sound filled the room as rusted metal grinded against worn hinges to move .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't underestimate yourself , Oliver ."
tr	PAST	The alarm buzzed , and she moved to the panel to disengage it .
tr	PRES	""" Of course , Antonietta . """
tr	PRES	A fever cooks my mind away .
tr	PAST	She eyed the fireball in his hand , and he allowed it to shrink and puff out .
tr	PRES	"He sings it a couple more times then says , "" What 's a milk man , daddy ? """
tr	PRES	Chapter 5 Katy The moment Blake and I stepped out of my cell , two military guys surrounded us .
tr	PAST	Shea stifled a sob , feeling a kinship for this poor murdered man .
tr	PRES	As the leather begins to give way , I swing at him with my knife .
tr	PAST	She withdrew it from her handbag beneath the table .
tr	PAST	His father was smiling faintly at Roland , his head propped on a fist .
tr	PRES	Every story of mine begins as nothing more than a simple Notepad file and then saved until completion before it 's revised .
tr	PRES	Soon they arrive , pulling around to the top of the island , putting the boat into a small inlet on an empty beach .
tr	PRES	Like swords , muskets and older pistols .
tr	PRES	""" It brings me great joy and even greater honor to share this day with you all ."
tr	PRES	My heart drums in a wild rhythm as he runs his fingertips over every inch of my face .
tr	PRES	""" Oh yeah , much easier , "" Lizzie gasped sarcastically , her breathing still ragged ."
tr	PRES	The buzzard swooped in , its tail prone , ready to strike .
tr	PRES	He revved the engine and pulled away from the curb .
tr	PAST	He flattened himself against the wall and peeked around the corner of the door .
tr	PAST	Sea spray needling the air again , he steered around small icebergs littering their path .
tr	PRES	When we switch back , I lean my head against the window and fall asleep .
tr	PAST	The cat perked its ears and ran toward a house and disappeared into a rubber pet door leading inside .
tr	PAST	"Come to lunch and I 'll tell you , "" Milly advised cheerfully ."
tr	PRES	""" An hourglass ? """
tr	PAST	"I motioned to the register asking , "" Shall we ? """
tr	PRES	Molly , I love Brant and promise to do everything in my power to fulfill my wedding vows .
tr	PAST	Grabbing the small black cell phone , she dialed the Chicago number and listened as it rang .
tr	PRES	Owing favors to men like him was dangerous , but did she really have much choice ?
tr	PRES	"You provide cookies and orange juice . """
tr	PAST	I slapped his hand away and stood on my own .
tr	PAST	His voice deepened , and I wondered if the offer came with the option to lick his fingers clean as well .
tr	PAST	""" The tidal wave washed nearly everything away . """
tr	PRES	She quickly unloaded the gun , put it back in the holster , and put both on the dining room table .
tr	PAST	""" Your ex-boyfriend ? """
tr	PAST	She collapsed on the toilet seat , fully clothed , and prayed the pain would cease .
tr	PRES	She considers for a second , and then draws a finger over my forearm .
tr	PAST	The helicopter plunged toward a fiery doom , spiraling down .
tr	PAST	He tipped his chin down to look at her .
tr	PRES	""" The plane isn 't working right , "" she explains ."
tr	PRES	Also , many warlocks not fabulous .
tr	PAST	' Thought so , ' he grunted .
tr	PRES	Then she sees my neck .
tr	PRES	Sure she likes him , too .
tr	PAST	The human horde , led by the Zinn , pursued .
tr	PRES	""" It will pass , "" Liam comforted her ."
tr	PRES	And , as you suspected , motion alarms in the main lounge and the hallway . '
tr	PAST	Katie collapsed on the sofa , exhausted yet still completely wound up .
tr	PAST	To his left , two sheriff 's deputies restrained Brother Follett from behind , forcing him to kneel in a twisted , contorted , painful position .
tr	PAST	She mumbled behind her gag and - He used a knife to cut the gag away .
tr	PRES	He flicks his finger at the paper .
tr	PAST	He slowed his step , mesmerised with near morbid fascination at the striking reminiscence of his nightmares .
tr	PRES	"Because she wanted to fuck with you . """
tr	PRES	The running helps clear my head ; I 'm pretty sure that this isn 't hell .
tr	PRES	When he reopened his eyes , they shone with compassion for his friend .
tr	PAST	My breathing sped as I rested my head back against his chest .
tr	PRES	""" By getting food I assume you mean sandwiches and soup , and not a meaty femur ? """
tr	PRES	She stops and runs a hand over her face .
tr	PAST	So , we served ourselves , like commoners .
tr	PAST	My jaw tightened , my teeth gritted .
tr	PRES	"The red stallion . """
tr	PRES	Dr. Liam wishes for you to have another day to remember , si ?
tr	PRES	""" But the ' great spirit ' holds your spirit there as well , does he not ? """
tr	PRES	""" Do not bother , Shea ."
tr	PRES	I smack my forehead for effect .
tr	PRES	""" Some of the stuff I said to you - about choices , being a vampire , and everything like that - Jesus ."
tr	PRES	"That boy of mine loves with every fiber of his being . """
tr	PAST	His hands rocket to his hips , fists balled .
tr	PRES	Then he hears her crying softly .
tr	PAST	startled in his tracks as he bumped the chair beside him dislodging the girl 's arm which swung down , her hand slapping him in the face .
tr	PRES	My foot eases off the accelerator .
tr	PRES	""" Mark , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	She stands next to me .
tr	PRES	Panic washes over me .
tr	PAST	I hopped over a few roofs and dropped into the market , grabbing his arm and pushing him out .
tr	PRES	Jack glares at me for a moment before he , too , stands and goes into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	"She mumbled back , hating herself for wishing she could confirm the question with a simple "" yes "" answer ."
tr	PAST	She collected the device from the doorframe , shut the door , and guided them down the gloomy hall on silent footsteps .
tr	PRES	""" Same type of files , "" Tammy mumbled to herself ."
tr	PAST	Connor eyed my bruised face , his arms crossing over his chest .
tr	PRES	""" To warn others . """
tr	PRES	I shout up to him .
tr	PRES	Every damn fraudster produces one .
tr	PAST	Catarina regarded the girl with a cold look in her narrowed eyes .
tr	PRES	He ticks his head to the side considering this .
tr	PRES	""" June , I ... , "" he whispers ."
tr	PAST	He announced this while scanning the menu , which he then set aside .
tr	PRES	He uses a plastic fork and digs in .
tr	PRES	He washes a glance over me with a pleased expression , and it sends chills across my flesh .
tr	PRES	"I pledge you my loyalty . """
tr	PAST	She claimed the truck keys and ascended the stairs .
tr	PRES	""" A couple weeks ago , "" Tammie sniffs , her tears returning with a vengeance ."
tr	PAST	Danika stiffened beside me .
tr	PAST	Things arose that had infused Edward with multiple causes for concern .
tr	PRES	""" Not that I recall ."
tr	PAST	Her phone vibrated in her purse , and she pulled it out .
tr	PRES	""" Aren 't you freezing ? """
tr	PRES	He brings his eyes back to mine and there 's an undeniable amount of lust in them .
tr	PAST	Captain Dafoe barreled into the gatehouse , slamming the door tight behind him .
tr	PRES	The frustration at not being able to hurt Ivy puddles in my fists .
tr	PAST	After three legions of human soldiers left the field and began to march , Caesar urged his four horses forward .
tr	PAST	I exhaled a breath - one I didn 't realize I 'd been holding .
tr	PAST	An open doorway revealed a large mess hall , where many of the guards were just sitting down to breakfast .
tr	PAST	My phone chimed , and an image of Sara filled my screen .
tr	PRES	Thankfully , my ability to speak returns immediately .
tr	PAST	The idea horrified him .
tr	PRES	And haan , no boyfriends inside the hostel . '
tr	PRES	Thomas swayed in the saddle fighting off the pin pricks dancing in front of him .
tr	PAST	"She eyed his lack of drink and smirked , "" Still are . """
tr	PRES	' However ... ' ' Shit , ' Julie whispers . '
tr	PRES	' What series ? '
tr	PAST	She inhaled sharply as Felix reached towards the wound .
tr	PRES	No way would she provide this odd man with the opportunity to break in on them .
tr	PRES	Way out on the edge of town , he mumbled .
tr	PRES	Her sweet breath smelled of the strawberry lips gloss she had a habit , I noticed , of applying every half hour .
tr	PAST	The give and take between her parents represented the best in a relationship , but they 'd married young .
tr	PAST	""" Oh Elliot , "" I exclaimed ."
tr	PRES	He dwelt on the nature of defeat .
tr	PRES	She frowned , her coffee cup halfway to her mouth .
tr	PRES	"' ' Walkers . """
tr	PRES	""" Of course , master . """
tr	PRES	""" Just pisses me off ."
tr	PRES	"Every one assume your position . """
tr	PAST	The thought jolted my eyes open and I was glad to see my vision was clear .
tr	PAST	Her soft hair tousled across the strange , sad look on her face .
tr	PAST	""" That 's ridiculous , "" Callum scoffed because it bloody well was ."
tr	PAST	Carefully , gingerly , I cleaned the blood from his knuckles , coaxing the towel along sinew and bone .
tr	PRES	""" Before Sebastian kills us all ."
tr	PAST	but Grant received no answer to that .
tr	PRES	My gaze drifts to his lips .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Sterling extended her hand to me .
tr	PRES	Sean 's eyes darken and fill with a carnal gaze that makes me too hot .
tr	PRES	""" What a bloody mess , "" spat Pierce as they re-entered the Brown Hall ."
tr	PAST	Markman stifled a laugh .
tr	PRES	Dad glances up from his medical journal , the glasses ready to slide off his nose .
tr	PRES	""" Sheila McKay . """
tr	PAST	""" He won 't come , "" Weasel predicted ."
tr	PAST	He regarded me quizzically for a moment before shaking his head slightly .
tr	PRES	Finally , after what felt like an age , bullets whizzing by all the while , Alexia attained the basket lip and tumbled in .
tr	PAST	Her slender arms circled his neck , and she buried her face in the comfort of his shoulder .
tr	PRES	""" What shots ? """
tr	PRES	Another vibration strikes , nearly shaking me loose from the pipe .
tr	PRES	I chew my nail .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone as he gazed down on me .
tr	PRES	""" Hey , we 're not so far gone , and we can turn back any time , "" Kim teased ."
tr	PRES	Ramona reaches over and pulls Milo toward her .
tr	PRES	"We worship you , and that makes you our god . """
tr	PAST	"Pearl 's voice floated out , "" What was that you said about never seeing another Flamingo Sweet ? """
tr	PAST	A smile split his gaunt face and made his sunken eyes light up .
tr	PRES	The streetlight from behind throws a halo around her face .
tr	PRES	""" Just tell me who , "" Lila begs me ."
tr	PAST	Gradually her breathing slowed and she drifted off once more , wrapped in his strong , capable arms .
tr	PAST	After some fumbling , they belted the elaborate wire framework onto Olivia 's behind .
tr	PRES	Harlin begins to argue with Monroe .
tr	PRES	A pang of sadness rips through my insides , slicing arteries and veins along its path .
tr	PRES	Mr. Martinez smiled , his teeth gleaming a perfect shade of white .
tr	PRES	"Sorry I disturbed your flirtation . """
tr	PAST	She crawled out of the car , peed in the bushes and then started back down the mountain road to the next town .
tr	PRES	"He slides me a handful of strange nuts and berries , "" Here , eat these ."
tr	PRES	The shower squeaks off abruptly .
tr	PRES	Chase touches my elbow , and it makes my skin crawl .
tr	PRES	""" Paul , Julianne , why don 't you come with me ."
tr	PRES	' Come on , come on , ' I begged .
tr	PRES	The mattress squeaks as Seth gets up from the bed and steps into my line of vision .
tr	PRES	For all I know , she helps the mechanic with repairs between the nuzzling and softly whispered words .
tr	PAST	Lily feared doing anything that might harm Hollister but Ryland had been adamant that they not bring in medical help .
tr	PAST	I protest , reaching for it again .
tr	PRES	""" The Bolo Kid ! """
tr	PAST	Silva 's nose smashed into the top of the cruiser and rained a fountain of blood .
tr	PAST	The rat yawned and opened her eyes .
tr	PAST	""" So deep ... "" I sobbed ."
tr	PRES	Tristan stops with me , observing me with curiosity .
tr	PAST	Steve shook his head , his face pinched in a deep frown .
tr	PAST	Elena 's blue eyes glowed with sorrow and anger .
tr	PAST	Her magic pricked at my skin like tiny , invisible needles , making me grind my teeth together .
tr	PAST	I trusted she 'd make it to the boat where Matteo would assist her .
tr	PRES	He glances around as if ensuring we 're alone before continuing in a lower voice .
tr	PAST	Stepping nimbly back , and taking only a little of the force obliquely on his shield , Ambrose calmly awaited the next attack .
tr	PAST	He smacked a red button on the side of the machine .
tr	PAST	Master slowly circled around to the back of the table and stood behind Faith .
tr	PRES	""" Some of that was for washing , "" I grumble ."
tr	PAST	""" There 's no heartbeat , "" she exclaimed , now understanding what I 'd been trying to tel her ."
tr	PAST	He never acted repulsed or impatient with her .
tr	PRES	Slowly he holds his hands up in front of his face .
tr	PAST	I clutched my aching stomach .
tr	PRES	I dive for them like I 've never seen food before .
tr	PRES	The supervising doctor pushes by me , checking Earl 's vitals .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm not normally a jealous guy , I swear , "" he offers as explanation ."
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air , checking from side to side before he settled his muzzle on his paws again with a huff .
tr	PAST	The children were well fed , their needs attended .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't cry , ok ? """
tr	PAST	With two vicious but careful slashes she disarmed him a second time .
tr	PAST	""" Not entirely professional , "" a familiar voice boomed from the bottom of the Ditch , "" but completely understandable , my dear ."
tr	PAST	"A gold standard would get our new nation on a stable footing from the start , "" Paul stated ."
tr	PAST	Her rough breath slowed and deepened and she did not cry .
tr	PRES	""" I belong to you , Jack . """
tr	PAST	Whitlock announced their return and went back to her position by the door .
tr	PAST	Yet her whole body tensed up with that final bit of sensation that sent her hurtling into fulfillment .
tr	PAST	Seems the security team busted the pickpocket ring that had been nicking chips left and right from tables all over town .
tr	PAST	Cameron 's voice rumbled from the other side of the room .
tr	PAST	""" Rocky , "" Rachel said , "" quit obsessing ."
tr	PRES	He kills every male jaguar child who has human blood in their veins .
tr	PRES	At present , our needs align .
tr	PRES	Therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it .
tr	PAST	She squinted into the darkness .
tr	PRES	I 'm glad you know now , kind of lets a little stress off the old shoulders .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm finished , "" he announced , jumping to his feet ."
tr	PRES	I slap his hand away .
tr	PRES	I apologise if I startled you , but you have also startled me .
tr	PAST	In fact , I often treated them like they were my sons .
tr	PRES	She folds her arms .
tr	PAST	My shallow breathing slowed , just a little .
tr	PRES	""" With your blood-soaked wings you resemble me now , brother ."
tr	PRES	He presses his lips together .
tr	PRES	"Would you kil your own cousin , too ? """
tr	PRES	Jewels shone upon fields of precious metal bright as stars , black as onyx .
tr	PRES	Zuzana deserves better than guy nature .
tr	PRES	You underestimate how many people do not wish to believe such things , and how far they will go to avoid the truth .
tr	PRES	"You scare me . """
tr	PRES	""" I ruined your tie . """
tr	PRES	""" Thank you for your assistance , "" Blade 's voice announces over the open channel ."
tr	PRES	I hesitate before walking onto the field .
tr	PRES	""" It tends to ."
tr	PRES	He always freaked when I was injured .
tr	PAST	If she charged it ?
tr	PAST	Aria 's gray eyes brightened .
tr	PRES	The lighthouse door opens as we approach and a women appears in the doorway .
tr	PRES	""" I assume you 're not making secret plans to become a vampire ? """
tr	PAST	The lady you served .
tr	PRES	""" Naturally , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PAST	She zigzagged to make her path irregular so they 'd have a harder time hitting their mark .
tr	PRES	New wallpaper or paint ?
tr	PAST	He grunted indistinct words and struck a match .
tr	PAST	The sensation unsettled her and the hairs on Serenity 's arms and the back of her neck stood to attention .
tr	PRES	Just a few swords and a worthless cloak .
tr	PRES	A picture pops up of gold lions , one on each side of a large ornamental gate .
tr	PRES	James reaches for the chair to steady himself , but I 'm watching Dallas with both sympathy and understanding .
tr	PAST	He breathed warm air against her , inhaled her scent .
tr	PAST	We visited the house of his mother and picked him up after releasing his mind .
tr	PRES	Ignoring my plea , Tash begins to read .
tr	PAST	Like flies on a bad banana , guilt buzzed around her chest .
tr	PRES	Jake reviewed his plans . .
tr	PRES	""" He likes you . """
tr	PRES	They occur when the mind in question has placed itself , by some voluntary choice , however vague , under the control of some hostile organism .
tr	PAST	"Maybe he busted into someone 's file cabinet after all . """
tr	PRES	He stares at her .
tr	PRES	' Any chance of quicker ? '
tr	PAST	Isaac motioned Marie forward , collected her bags , and followed her out the door .
tr	PRES	Between the columns were tall , dark creatures who looked like men , but were lean and had pale , almost glowing skin .
tr	PRES	""" And the Outer Worlds , the twenty-five million of them ?"
tr	PRES	Her breath ragged as it mingled with his while they kissed .
tr	PRES	Alaric glances at Liam .
tr	PRES	""" If it bothers you -- "" He interrupted her ."
tr	PAST	As the raft slowly drifted toward the planet , she floated her way through the zero-gravity of space back to her bedding .
tr	PAST	""" But I proposed to Maria for all the wrong reasons ."
tr	PAST	An officer in one of the last columns advised the people of the area to pack up whatever they could carry , and move south .
tr	PAST	She steadied her pistol , her finger finding the trigger .
tr	PAST	Ty stifled a snicker by pretending to cough .
tr	PRES	"If you expect to stay alive , then get to cases , 'cause I haven 't learned much , yet . """
tr	PAST	Even if he hadn 't meant it to be anything more than a lesson ... it had wrecked me .
tr	PAST	Ashe eyed the Shades at our right ... and then he charged .
tr	PAST	A rogue thought diluted his adrenaline .
tr	PAST	I clutched my stomach .
tr	PRES	The whole museum breathes .
tr	PRES	That you steal mon enfant .
tr	PRES	She destroys the last one , and then drops to her knees beside me , tucking her swords back into her harness .
tr	PRES	She drifts away to help the others , her echo glints on his empty pendant .
tr	PRES	"Turns out I need to go help out an old friend this morning . """
tr	PAST	He tipped her chin toward him and brushed her lips with a brief brush of a kiss .
tr	PRES	The earth holds me in her arms and heals me .
tr	PRES	""" That fits with Dave 's story ."
tr	PRES	"I warn , "" Honour ."
tr	PRES	She explains and I nod in understanding .
tr	PRES	"We arrive at the podium and the Director swings round and asks , "" Food production place is good , yes ? """
tr	PAST	I crisscrossed my legs and leaned forward , nodding at him to keep going .
tr	PAST	No-one claimed responsibility for the gesture , but he suspected that George might have been involved .
tr	PRES	""" Darth Vader . """
tr	PAST	She stomped in place and flapped her arms , trying to generate warmth .
tr	PAST	She crawled away coughing and hitching breath in painfully .
tr	PRES	"Still a bit stiff , but I get around all right . """
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed insistently on the nightstand , shattering the spell .
tr	PRES	I snap my gaze back up to his and he 's standing across the bar from me .
tr	PAST	But he froze in confusion at what he saw below him .
tr	PAST	Mac pretended to be in more pain than he was .
tr	PAST	"Rena withdrew her hand and asked , "" Did Maddy say something to you ? """
tr	PAST	Once someone was dead , I doubted it would be an easy task to return them to the world of the living .
tr	PRES	""" Three strikes and you 're out . """
tr	PAST	While Kylie couldn 't total y buy into Del a 's words , she sensed Del a believed it .
tr	PRES	"Someone bothers you , just let me know . """
tr	PAST	I downed the pill , wincing at the burn as it slid down my throat .
tr	PAST	Her tongue invaded his mouth and her hands pul ed at his clothes .
tr	PAST	You proved your point .
tr	PRES	""" I have no idea where that came from , but I 'm kinda liking it , "" I teased ."
tr	PRES	""" It looked superficial , and the girls insisted I call you , "" Marshall explains ."
tr	PAST	Questions asked too early usually received only a grunting response and a dismissive wave .
tr	PRES	""" So it remains a theory that no one on earth can put into practice . """
tr	PAST	Marcus 's mouth curved with blatant charm , a silent encouragement , and her heart stopped .
tr	PRES	she snorts with disgust .
tr	PRES	""" You 're sick , "" I murmur ."
tr	PAST	A raised voice from inside pierced through the door .
tr	PAST	Cecily would also have Alice over frequently who regarded Sarah as her arch enemy , realizing she was in the way of the one thing she desired .
tr	PRES	""" With what , lad ?"
tr	PRES	""" Do elves only build in the trees ? """
tr	PRES	""" A fitting tribute to your beauty , Mrs Bradshaw . """
tr	PAST	She flicked a long strand of copper hair back off her shoulder .
tr	PRES	""" And booze . """
tr	PAST	It bothered me a little bit .
tr	PAST	She preferred electric blue or a spring green , both colors that brought out her eyes .
tr	PRES	Carlos and I got back in the car and headed out , our tires spitting gravel all the way to the gate .
tr	PAST	Even with the amulet to help , it still required a lot of power , but the results were equally powerful .
tr	PRES	He lays some cash on the counter .
tr	PRES	he bellows over the wind , his face split in a wide grin .
tr	PRES	A vivid handprint bruise on her cheek .
tr	PAST	I froze , assuming his vampire senses noticed something in the water .
tr	PRES	He glances in my direction and smiles , and I return the expression .
tr	PRES	Jane snuck a glance at Jake .
tr	PRES	When Hank wasn 't around , Millie teased him .
tr	PRES	""" Are you guys ok ? """
tr	PAST	"I exhaled through my nose . """
tr	PAST	I fumed as I went back into the galley .
tr	PRES	Because Kenneth Yang was team captain back then , and one of the best policy debaters around .
tr	PAST	Liam stated what I picked up on pretty much everyone 's mind .
tr	PRES	Katrina announces with enthusiasm .
tr	PAST	King Ine was looking disturbed , his eyes troubled , and a droop to his shoulders that worried Lord Brogan .
tr	PRES	But they also mule it .
tr	PAST	Its eastern wall featured a small tower ; its western side sported a round , protruding sunroom .
tr	PAST	The receptionist provided the number and asked Kyle to hold a moment .
tr	PRES	"Just lean over this rock ... . """
tr	PRES	""" What clinic ? """
tr	PAST	He sensed movement around him and knew that others were approaching , but he was incapable of taking his eyes off of the thing before him .
tr	PAST	I awoke the next morning feeling satisfied , content , and in love with this wonderful ranch .
tr	PRES	"She hates me . """
tr	PRES	I bury a quick kiss over her mouth .
tr	PAST	He stares back at me with arrogance .
tr	PAST	The fragrances of roasting meat and baked bread mingled with the stench .
tr	PAST	The creature , larger and greater than the beasts within Erebus , advanced on the old woman .
tr	PRES	""" Your strikes are unfocused , "" he snaps one night as he teaches me the basics of sparring with a wooden sword ."
tr	PAST	""" Ma ma advised me to do so , al the way back at half past twelve ."
tr	PAST	Arms folded , she eyed him warily .
tr	PRES	Enough of yo ' lies !
tr	PRES	""" Mark , are you saying that you would like to interact with Beth , "" Jess teased , breaking the moment of charged silence ."
tr	PAST	We skipped stones across the creek , which sounds dumb but it wasn 't .
tr	PAST	The large support beams of the house collapsed and the walls began to cave in before they left the driveway .
tr	PAST	A sharp inhalation of breath before she stomped over , stopping just in front of him and glaring down with fiery hatred .
tr	PAST	She froze for an instant when he touched her breast .
tr	PRES	The wolf padded out the door .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth ; his face turns red and I quickly realise he 's now holding his breath .
tr	PRES	He likes to craft things .
tr	PAST	""" So he painted them ."
tr	PRES	"My chunk ... "" "" One of the first plague symptoms is loss of sexual capability , "" Star said ."
tr	PAST	You cost us a great deal of money when you blocked our mine up north .
tr	PRES	""" Bad vibes ? """
tr	PAST	""" Hm ... I must admit that I agree with Trenton on this one , "" Lord Moorland announced after a moment 's reflection ."
tr	PAST	He plopped down onto the bed and ran his hands through his messy blonde hair .
tr	PAST	After a quick look in the phone book , she dialed the Department of Veterans Affairs .
tr	PRES	They untie my hands .
tr	PRES	Magnus 's cat eyes shone with anger .
tr	PRES	Thought about saying , please wash them this morning mum !
tr	PRES	He sees in the dark and I am part of the dark .
tr	PAST	He stomped his foot and began to walk toward the long marble table .
tr	PRES	"And he swears he was alone in the room . """
tr	PAST	His eyes emaciated because of the sunlight .
tr	PAST	She feared for the lives of everyone more than for her own .
tr	PRES	""" I would debate the matter to your satisfaction if I could , Princess , but time is not on our side ."
tr	PAST	Ted caressed her cheek with the back of his hand .
tr	PAST	When his hand left my skin I braced myself for the fifth , but instead he gently rubbed my skin .
tr	PRES	She tries to laugh but it comes out all wrong .
tr	PAST	""" I am not jealous , "" Lacy lied ."
tr	PRES	Turns out he tortured many of the prisoners who were bomber crews .
tr	PRES	Holly reaches over and pats my arm .
tr	PAST	He crouched low , his hand hovering just above the hilt as the beast closed the distance .
tr	PAST	Vann preferred to take a month of sub duty followed by a week of shore time .
tr	PAST	A tingle of fear tickled his spine just from looking at her .
tr	PRES	And as if on cue , Fiona tossed it back in the dirty clothes pile .
tr	PRES	""" What about Lydia ? """
tr	PRES	"Doctor Owerri , please proceed . """
tr	PRES	""" Are you feeling okay today , Maggie ? """
tr	PRES	It slams into the Sentinel 's chest , sinking in to the hilt .
tr	PAST	He alighted and ran to the sergeant .
tr	PAST	William plopped down in the chair that belonged in the bargain basement of the Salvation Army and pulled me down onto his lap .
tr	PAST	I skipped away as Ry reached out to stop me .
tr	PAST	I giggled and surrendered willingly .
tr	PRES	"Now , "" she snaps ."
tr	PRES	Page one , photo two , sixteen black Hunters in a perfect diamond formation .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	The old man grunted at me .
tr	PAST	George sat quietly , hands clasped lightly in front of him on the table , fighting an awareness that he didn 't want to admit .
tr	PAST	Captain Tate presses a few more buttons , wincing in pain .
tr	PRES	Alex drums his fingers on the steering wheel as we gradient down the road and pass by a cemetery .
tr	PAST	The warriors treated their beasts , better than themselves .
tr	PRES	He went over onto his back , his eyes gleaming in the shadows .
tr	PRES	Just then , an email alert pops up on the monitor , and Timothy pauses his work to read it .
tr	PRES	Grace carries her to their home , sits her down by a fire and wraps her in blankets .
tr	PRES	' Should I hide this birthmark , Aunt Pol ? '
tr	PRES	"You belong to me and me to you . """
tr	PAST	I absorbed that for a second , and then I smacked him across the chest , making him grunt .
tr	PAST	His eyes lingered down my skin before turning back to the road .
tr	PRES	As she walks , Mel passes the turkey carcass and takes the carving knife .
tr	PRES	""" Okay , that all helps me understand how you perceive your space ."
tr	PAST	""" The little spy provided its coordinate information by transmitting a radio signal ."
tr	PAST	""" Oh my God , "" I whisper , horrified when I remember that his dad is the sheriff ."
tr	PAST	He slowed his approach , grabbed Sara 's hand , and pulled her against his body as they hugged the side of the tunnel .
tr	PRES	"It 'll be fun and it 's better than staring at your phone all night , "" I blurt out before thinking ."
tr	PAST	George sensed the undercurrents of hostility from Thomas , and he decided to remain silent .
tr	PRES	Annette finally reaches out , and tugs on Derek 's arm .
tr	PAST	Cameras exploded into action , every lens able to capture the heartbreaking pain flashing on Mairi 's face .
tr	PAST	Harden adjusted his jacket and straightened his tie .
tr	PRES	The eucalyptus tree dangling above us releases its soothing fragrance into the night air .
tr	PRES	The ring allows me to stay here and not forget .
tr	PAST	' No one ever died of delayed concussion , at least that I ever heard of , ' uttered the hidden Sullivan .
tr	PAST	""" Mmm , the coffee smells good , "" I announced as I walked into the kitchen ."
tr	PAST	' No , ' she concurred .
tr	PAST	Her eyes roamed up my bare chest before she thrust the balloon at my head .
tr	PAST	The thought of Garcia knowing that they were in San Antonio unsettled him never venturing far from Mike 's mind .
tr	PAST	The trees rustled overhead , the wind whistling until she could have sworn it all came together to play some kind of tune through the branches .
tr	PAST	When he was in his car , he phoned his mother .
tr	PRES	""" I plead the Fifth ."
tr	PAST	"The boss upgraded it this morning . """
tr	PRES	""" Thank you ... "" Elizabeth whispers softly ."
tr	PAST	He charged John and swung his staff high then down toward him .
tr	PRES	""" She refuses to talk about it . """
tr	PAST	At first it tickled and she struggled not to giggle and pull her feet away .
tr	PRES	""" Ha ha ha . """
tr	PRES	"Salina 's voice remains cool , "" We did nothing that she won 't recover from ."
tr	PRES	And Ray belongs to Jimmy and Jimmy belongs to Mr. Birch And nobody messes with Mr. Birch .
tr	PRES	Corr rises up , away from the pressure of it , but I follow him .
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat to an elderly lady and stepped aside so she could pass .
tr	PAST	The chill in the night air swirled my words around in a white mist .
tr	PRES	""" Your officer is aboard , "" Blade 's voice states with surprise ."
tr	PAST	Confused for a moment , Chris scampered after him .
tr	PRES	"He likes it too much . """
tr	PAST	In her arms she clutched the book .
tr	PAST	""" Ara , please , "" he begged , taking a step closer ."
tr	PAST	He wagged a finger at her .
tr	PRES	' It loves iron , but gold doesn 't interest it one little bit . '
tr	PAST	Someone else giggled next to Naomi , and Aria was pretty sure she knew who that was , too .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	""" Say no more , "" she instructed ."
tr	PRES	"Summer glances back at me and rolls her eyes , "" You never know what we 're going to need ."
tr	PRES	I project an image of the island to him , along with an imprint of where it would be from Olympus .
tr	PAST	The room exploded around her and swirled away as if it were being sucked into a black hole .
tr	PAST	When Gage didn 't return , he hooked the empty bag to the fence and started across the parking lot .
tr	PAST	A sense of calm washed over me as I realized every word was true .
tr	PAST	One or two vicious internal defences , bay door controls ... Their ship could easily be doomed by a random , accidentally triggered switch .
tr	PRES	"Worth the coin , even when you 're not protecting a princess from a rival kingdom . """
tr	PAST	""" Son of a ... "" I squealed , landing on the bed and rubbing my shin before bending down to gather up my mess ."
tr	PAST	She sobbed the entire time .
tr	PAST	Sometimes , I prayed for death .
tr	PAST	Two men emerged from the main building , catching her in the Warrior Pose .
tr	PRES	""" Come on , sweetheart ."
tr	PAST	""" No , wait , "" she urged him when he opened his mouth to say more ."
tr	PAST	They dusted and rechecked each item and placed it near the front door of the townhouse .
tr	PRES	""" Why , hello again , Amelie !"
tr	PRES	His voice dripped scorn .
tr	PRES	Good guys value tenderness for the civility it provides families and society towards greater peace and happiness .
tr	PAST	Jack 's dark eyes glowed with pride .
tr	PAST	Julian stormed outside , where he hoped the rain had stopped .
tr	PAST	I described how the vampire had returned to open the door , allowing me to escape .
tr	PRES	""" I do want to know , "" he said , his voice a low rumble ."
tr	PAST	Becka estimated they had spent at least half of their time so far cutting the damned things .
tr	PRES	' Ahhh , donuts . '
tr	PAST	As Cade passed , Bo eyed him suspiciously , the tension between them nearly palpable .
tr	PAST	Nothing in her life measured as amazing a gift .
tr	PAST	Ares adjusted the strap on his automatic rifle and stayed behind his father .
tr	PAST	My mother and the rest of the family being obliged to attend as witnesses , I accompanied them to the court .
tr	PRES	My parents witnessed firsthand the evil of the Leopard .
tr	PRES	She points to the left .
tr	PRES	""" Darcy , "" she whispered dryly , her head spinning ."
tr	PRES	""" I miss food , "" mumbled Paul with a loud grumbling inside his stomach ."
tr	PRES	The sun shone too brightly , and the flowers were gaudy and common in their disarray .
tr	PAST	When we reach the end of the alley , Tobias presses his shoulder to one wall and leans forward just enough to see around the corner .
tr	PRES	I stared for ages , feeling tears prick the back of my eyes .
tr	PRES	The question remains , however , just who were they and what were they doing breaking into such a place in the middle of the night ?
tr	PRES	Every time I think I know what 's going on , everything falls apart .
tr	PAST	Sea grass rustled in the breeze .
tr	PRES	' Seven years ... ' He breathes .
tr	PRES	""" I definitely am , "" he murmurs , watching me as I walk around the car to get in ."
tr	PRES	I mumbled the reassuring words a man might offer a dog with a sore paw .
tr	PAST	Celine 's smile fled .
tr	PAST	Regardless of who worked where , the event produced the same positive effect .
tr	PAST	"she shrieked but her panties were already at her ankles and he was lifting her up so she repeated , "" Callum ! """
tr	PAST	He clasped my nape in his free hand .
tr	PRES	The priest mumbled a toothless , mechanical response .
tr	PRES	To my dismay , my body shudders .
tr	PRES	""" Cut this strap , Gift . """
tr	PRES	"He loves us unconditionally . """
tr	PAST	""" I 'm fine , "" Danni lied ."
tr	PAST	Water soaked the collar and front of his white shirt , turning it transparent .
tr	PRES	Quick bursts instead of extended spells .
tr	PRES	""" Whoever loves Tamsin actually hates her . """
tr	PRES	"All right , "" I said , slapping Ethan on the butt ."
tr	PAST	"I designed the building . """
tr	PAST	Hunter eyed the doctor with cautiously .
tr	PAST	Instead , he adjusted his trousers , willing himself to calm down .
tr	PRES	I signal with my torch and the guard , Grant , slides the door open to meet our party .
tr	PRES	I know you won 't , ' she murmurs , nuzzling against me .
tr	PAST	On instinct , Tatiana retreated .
tr	PAST	Cracks unfolded on his skin , extending and transmuting the color of his skin to a chilling pitch-black .
tr	PAST	Mariah 's heartbeat sped up , whether from fear or some darker , more dangerous , unknown emotion .
tr	PRES	""" Your kin ? """
tr	PAST	He holstered his weapon , got down on one knee and wiped away the dirt and gravel to reveal a fine red fabric .
tr	PRES	The shock that his ex girlfriend died causes his condition .
tr	PRES	Stellar mass enters expanding condition .
tr	PRES	A little strand of hair falls over her face , and I know she is beautiful .
tr	PAST	Sebastian was right , the plug acted as a constant reminder of his presence .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth together .
tr	PRES	""" Nothing in Flattery 's collection matches these for quality . """
tr	PAST	""" Very sexy , really . """
tr	PRES	""" Clever , and he likes to show off ."
tr	PRES	' One who sings to the Moon .
tr	PAST	But a part of her preferred not knowing the truth just yet .
tr	PRES	Cautiously approaching the bubbling line of lava , he sees the shape the molten liquid carved remains , though the tenacity has decreased severely .
tr	PRES	Only shapes to see , perhaps , not to touch .
tr	PAST	"I underestimated you , despite your family connections . """
tr	PAST	Our tickets cost a little more than anyone else 's because of it .
tr	PAST	His firm provided security and military services across the globe .
tr	PRES	Emma attempts to back away as her father places his hands upon her dress and begins to pull up .
tr	PAST	The harbour of the city provided many shady docks , where one could fish out a whole variety of things from the water excluding fish .
tr	PRES	Then he lays me open again .
tr	PAST	As he dipped his head forward , Kit tipped hers back , and oh , so slowly , he covered her mouth with his .
tr	PRES	He opens them again , a sea of pain .
tr	PRES	Now it begins to make sense that a bomb was planted in his home ; nothing is more symbolic than striking the leader directly .
tr	PRES	""" Until next time , Princess . """
tr	PRES	""" Calm yourself , the Siren wishes to speak . """
tr	PRES	Page folds from the future , as you understood it .
tr	PAST	my mother countered with a sigh .
tr	PRES	I immediately dive in , even though I have a ton of questions .
tr	PRES	""" The lighthouse ? """
tr	PAST	Benji stuffed his backpack and smirked at me while I packed mine .
tr	PAST	Her shuddering lessened , and her expression calmed .
tr	PRES	"My body refuses to require rest , so I am up a great deal these days . """
tr	PRES	I shout to Beast as I pull my crossbow out and aim for the man in the tree .
tr	PAST	He dialed a number and waited .
tr	PAST	He must have sniffed every inch of it because two hours elapsed before he returned to the kitchen and graciously accepted a meal .
tr	PRES	Midna snaps back , gradually calming herself .
tr	PRES	""" Mm-hmm , "" she mumbled , and I wanted to silence her and make her moan all at the same time ."
tr	PRES	I murmur a good-bye and then follow Asa .
tr	PRES	"Our target down ? """
tr	PAST	Her voice slapped like a whip .
tr	PRES	As I wrap my arms around his waist , an image flashes before me of an amorous embrace with a man in a tuxedo .
tr	PRES	""" Not that I noticed , Your Highness ."
tr	PAST	Leaving his car with the valet , he navigated the lobby to the elevators and found himself standing in front of room 218 .
tr	PRES	She stands there in the centre , glancing around .
tr	PRES	The cape wraps around her arm , smelling of stale earth and wet dog .
tr	PAST	Stacy doubted that Libby was even looking for a life partner .
tr	PAST	The man 's friends chided him for his bad luck .
tr	PAST	There was nothing like actually living with a man to teach a woman about male needs , Diana reflected .
tr	PAST	I threaded my way through the gravestones with Nicky still holding my hand .
tr	PAST	Her laugh cheered him .
tr	PAST	I have only risked communication with Harmony .
tr	PAST	Kelly 's eyes zeroed in on his hand working out the kink .
tr	PAST	I hopped out of the specialized tub , reattached my leg , then wiped condensation from the mirror .
tr	PAST	Guy dismissed her sympathy .
tr	PAST	Just after you dashed away , Sophia , all full of tears , visited her best friend Lily .
tr	PAST	I braced myself on the counter behind me .
tr	PRES	He strokes my hair and leans in to drop a quick kiss on my forehead .
tr	PRES	"He plays a fiddle . """
tr	PRES	""" I don 't know , "" Adam sighs ."
tr	PAST	I busted out laughing , and he shoved a throw pillow at me .
tr	PAST	Twirling high above her head , weaving it 's self into a giant braid .
tr	PRES	Instantly realizing he intends to spit in his face , the king of thieves fails to control his rage .
tr	PAST	All of the suspects matched his description -- male , middling height , age and weight , greying brown hair .
tr	PAST	Reaching out , he slapped the coin flat against the marble .
tr	PAST	Marianne squealed like a teenage girl and clapped .
tr	PAST	The overhead lights flicked on .
tr	PRES	He stops and glances uneasily at Elis and Maxwell who are looking out the window , something of sudden interest having captured their attention .
tr	PRES	If Douglas says it 's dangerous , then I ken it 's true .
tr	PRES	He sees me and reaches down to pick the little girl up .
tr	PRES	Realm swears under his breath , rubbing roughly at his face .
tr	PAST	The surge of rage , of the need for violent action , swirled to the surface .
tr	PRES	""" All right , thirty-five miles per hour ."
tr	PRES	He stares wide-eyed at his roommate .
tr	PRES	William crawls onto the bed , on all fours , his white gut sagging to the sheets .
tr	PAST	Vin crouched on the sill .
tr	PRES	""" If you say so , Green Light . """
tr	PAST	Sawyer crawled in beside me , fired the engine , and flew out of the parking lot .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth wide and squirts cheese directly into her mouth .
tr	PAST	she teasingly slapped his shoulder with her riding gloves .
tr	PRES	He hates the fact that I 've remarried .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and kiss him .
tr	PAST	Without thought , Rand seized it , and in doing so was overwhelmed with those emotions he thought he 'd abandoned .
tr	PRES	She shone the light on the steel collapsible burglar door .
tr	PRES	And at the same time he no longer witnessed the climb of the elderly man .
tr	PAST	An osprey flapped away from its perch .
tr	PAST	He inhaled , but couldn 't smell mothballs either .
tr	PRES	""" Of course , Madam . """
tr	PAST	Genie eyed the long tables in the center of the room , hoping they wouldn 't be dining at one of those .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and held the envelope in front of her .
tr	PAST	David motioned toward the door .
tr	PAST	""" Lady Isabella , you too . """
tr	PRES	As the days went by , Justin snuck around from house to house peering through the bedroom windows where the lights were on .
tr	PRES	""" I 'll see you later , "" he beamed ."
tr	PAST	A hard smile curved his lips , making the hostess stumble in astonishment .
tr	PAST	Devon stifled a groan .
tr	PAST	Looking back at the list , he cringed .
tr	PRES	After speechless moments , she begins to cry out of both excitement and frustration .
tr	PAST	Her blue eyes twinkled briefly before she shrugged and returned to the cupboard to pull out plates .
tr	PAST	Above , the plane banked in a circle over the ruins .
tr	PRES	Ari chuckles while shaking her head .
tr	PAST	In turn , Jordan received and lit his own candle .
tr	PAST	He stuffed a dinner roll in his mouth .
tr	PRES	I exhale the fear and freight , viewing the ceiling .
tr	PRES	"When our paths cross , he pays his respects . """
tr	PRES	He gently touches the seed pouch of his favorite flower , and the realization that the time has come hits him with unimaginable force .
tr	PAST	As a soft snow continued to rise from her skin , Meikle gently floated to the floor .
tr	PAST	Mrs. White exclaimed , looking up at them .
tr	PRES	Tom 's feet and trainers stink if he doesn 't wear socks .
tr	PRES	Slow motion highlights replayed on the screen , holding their attention for a moment .
tr	PRES	She wraps a thin arm around my shoulders and sits silently .
tr	PAST	The sweet smell of blood assaulted Kylie before she saw the ghost had donned her bloody gown again .
tr	PRES	Yes , it bothers me .
tr	PRES	Pen pushes away from the window , a look of disgust curling her lips .
tr	PRES	For instance ( p. 199 ) he points out that the Wave Function has a value BETWEEN zero and one until it collapses .
tr	PRES	Discovering what Helmsley had done both saddened and angered her beyond compare , but at least she knew that she could still count on Robert .
tr	PRES	"Did she often trek off to foreign lands to play hockey ? """
tr	PAST	He yawned out loud as he stretched his massive hands in the air .
tr	PRES	""" I assume you 'll see that she 's taken care of while you 're busy playing in your band tonight ? """
tr	PAST	The PM laughingly scoffed and shook his head .
tr	PAST	So the babies stole bites from the pile of gunk in front of their mother .
tr	PRES	""" Unfortunately , everyone wanted them together , "" mutters Lorena , a guilty tone to her voice ."
tr	PAST	He flicked one drop of Andrea 's blood onto a slide , closed another over it , and eagerly went back to his microscope .
tr	PAST	"Amazing , simply amazing , "" exclaimed Henry ."
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered for the young lady , and my eyes went straight to Owen .
tr	PAST	as we stormed out the front door , down the rickety old stairs , flying forward .
tr	PRES	They surround us in every direction .
tr	PAST	He crumpled to the ground , gripping his hand as he tried to stop the bleeding .
tr	PRES	Are you saying you don 't believe those stories , Carey ? '
tr	PAST	Holding her breath , Alexia crouched down near the gravesite .
tr	PRES	""" That 's not what my dad and Dean say , "" she whispers , pulling her hand away and forcing mine to fall from her chest ."
tr	PRES	Three votes to acquit .
tr	PRES	""" He uses the program to funnel cash through ."
tr	PAST	A heavy sense of loss lingered inside .
tr	PRES	""" To the Dark Side ? """
tr	PAST	""" I don 't have any heat , "" she announced , tucking the thin scarf more tightly around her ears ."
tr	PAST	The surviving members of our tribe circled the lone soldier .
tr	PRES	Shelton tries to see him somewhere in the smoke but can see nothing but gutted shadows from the reflected fires on the glass .
tr	PRES	Their people still exist , but have nothing to show of their great former empire .
tr	PAST	He replaced his glasses and frowned at the nurse .
tr	PAST	Cowboy retreated not a step .
tr	PRES	A three dimensional medium to savor .
tr	PRES	The memory fades and I feel a dull pang of anger as I remember her words .
tr	PRES	""" Says What ? """
tr	PAST	""" We certainly underestimated him . """
tr	PRES	Mom never talks about him but she gets real sad sometimes and I think it has something to do with him .
tr	PRES	""" And that bothers you ? """
tr	PAST	Monitors beeped , and pumps clicked and wheezed .
tr	PRES	She throws her arms around his shoulders .
tr	PRES	Just then my bracelet begins to tingle .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , my eyes wide .
tr	PAST	The blades rake deep into the flesh of his back , ripping jagged lines across his skin .
tr	PRES	She removes a piece of invisible lint off my suit jacket and takes her time buttoning my shirt back up .
tr	PRES	Finally , the curtain falls , and I am overcome with emotion .
tr	PAST	He palmed the packet of photos and smiled at her .
tr	PRES	It strikes me then that he 's not like the other people from the club .
tr	PRES	"He whispers , "" They 're with me ."
tr	PAST	None of the family dared to mention the coincidence of the baby 's affliction and the expertise of his mother .
tr	PRES	' Be my guest . ' '
tr	PRES	Andrew 's eyes shone back at him .
tr	PRES	I slap his hand away .
tr	PAST	Lola cheered up by the time we got to the door .
tr	PRES	As she talks , my skin begins to tingle , much like the Need .
tr	PRES	Glowing red eyes glared at them , a thousand sins resting where pupils should have .
tr	PRES	"I promise you , I vow on my soul that 's not it . """
tr	PAST	I shuffled through it .
tr	PAST	The pilot readjusted his position to center himself behind the long control rods and waited for the tank to fill .
tr	PAST	On pure intuition I stalked to the front of the house , gathering up my things on the way .
tr	PRES	My mom touches the screen stealthily , and his voices enters the room .
tr	PAST	I inhaled a deep breathe .
tr	PRES	Alec stares at me and I suddenly feel self-conscious taking off the rubber wader pants .
tr	PAST	Even if they got into trouble , the highs she experienced with him were worth any lows .
tr	PRES	"We weaken each other 's powers . """
tr	PAST	""" Answer the question , "" she stated , her voice calm yet authoritative ."
tr	PRES	Gwendolyn releases a happy gasp .
tr	PRES	The door opens , and my heart leaps into my throat when I see Pete standing there .
tr	PRES	""" Terry , "" Mike hissed , "" snap out of it ."
tr	PRES	She landed awkwardly , her ankle buckling under the weight .
tr	PRES	""" You silly girl !"
tr	PRES	""" Maybe you assume I know too little ."
tr	PRES	""" Oh , well , nothing to be ashamed of , buddy ."
tr	PRES	"I merely assume my father 's position , since he cannot be there himself . """
tr	PRES	The Shrine announces suddenly and loudly over loud speakers hidden in the corridor walls .
tr	PAST	""" Sorry , no , "" I said , hating myself for it ."
tr	PRES	The bridge , its red paint peeling , stretches over the muck .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , turning away from him and walking out of the arcade .
tr	PAST	"She 's chased me all over Japan with that cursed sword . """
tr	PRES	He stands abruptly , and walks a few steps away , out of the shadow of the tree .
tr	PRES	Says it ages her .
tr	PAST	""" I think we 've all had enough for one day , "" Marlene announced , interrupting what looked as though it could turn into a battle ."
tr	PRES	"This explains why I didn 't find Evelyn 's computer or that damn camera at Poole 's house this morning . """
tr	PAST	When they crossed the threshold , wings flapped in the shadows , building to a furor before settling .
tr	PAST	Tessa resigned herself to the inevitable , glad that she hadn 't started fooling herself into hoping for any more from him .
tr	PAST	He sniffed and stiffened .
tr	PRES	My gaze drifts down the hall to where Sean is talking to the doctor .
tr	PRES	she mumbled as the adhesive tape tore off some of her lip 's skin .
tr	PRES	She slides off the edge of the table and turns to face me , though her eyes aren 't really reaching mine .
tr	PRES	""" Mamma likes her roses , but Uncle Justin said I could have some ."
tr	PAST	A shaft of sunlight pierced through the blue , lighting up a dozen different shades .
tr	PAST	Walking into the arrivals hall he noted the sign with his name , identified himself and was given a set of car keys .
tr	PAST	She exited her bedroom .
tr	PRES	""" Were the investment accounts the only thing they froze ? """
tr	PAST	Pushing through double doors , Aiden retreated to the chapel 's kitchen .
tr	PAST	She tugged her sleeve down , making sure it wasn 't visible to any of her classmates .
tr	PRES	""" And Daniel was correct , "" Dante points out ."
tr	PRES	""" You would think with a daughter and a baby on the way , you could at least act right in public , "" I teased ."
tr	PAST	I freeze , suddenly remembering that she 's only had sex once , and that was two months ago .
tr	PRES	""" Talking with you helps calm me ."
tr	PAST	Gary walled her in from the other side , recognizing the menacing glitter in the cold silver of Gregori 's eyes .
tr	PRES	I fling the store door open , forgetting that the hinges are broken and it slams loudly against the wall .
tr	PAST	Jacob balled his fist and hurled it towards the instrument panel on the side of the machine .
tr	PRES	In her mind 's eye she sees the family on the road , at the start , headed away from the drought and toward their new life .
tr	PAST	They wove a path through the trees to the narrow strip of paved parking area behind the shop .
tr	PRES	They chuckle and clink glasses .
tr	PRES	HOW DID YOU GET HERE ?
tr	PAST	Her voice wavered , and her eyes went distant .
tr	PRES	""" Hi , "" she whispers shyly ."
tr	PRES	The teacher stares at me .
tr	PAST	Quiet plan , she prayed .
tr	PRES	Her fingers slid down his back , her nails lightly scraping his skin .
tr	PRES	' Mercy , Agnes !
tr	PRES	""" Because they are my parents , not a science experiment ."
tr	PAST	He bounced into some exotic martial arts spin and kicked out at me , catching my leg and sending me to the floor .
tr	PAST	According to Josephus , he ruled for 37 years , 34 years of them after capturing Jerusalem .
tr	PRES	Out of choices , Serena opens her mouth and sings , pleading for help .
tr	PRES	He was behind me , his arms unbreakable bands that kept me from hurting her or anyone else .
tr	PAST	As if she 'd be likely to find out the truth in casual conversation , anyhow , she scoffed at herself inwardly .
tr	PAST	I squinted but couldn 't make out the detail from here .
tr	PAST	When a second one came he leaped out of bed and rushed to the hallway to see his sister standing there .
tr	PRES	Honour whispers from the backseat .
tr	PAST	Lou regained his footing and was standing chest deep in the river 10 feet away from shore .
tr	PRES	""" Al right , al right ."
tr	PRES	He holds up a thick paper bag that is moving , just a little bit .
tr	PRES	He holds my hand and leads me to his sexy car .
tr	PAST	The warmth of the sun urged him to wake .
tr	PRES	A first aid kit down to a single pill of Advil .
tr	PRES	He trades their services to the ship .
tr	PAST	""" Wow , you 're here early , "" she exclaimed , shrugging out of her coat and unwrapping her scarf ."
tr	PAST	Embarrassment and shame washed over her .
tr	PRES	Her head snaps up as he says something .
tr	PAST	First he stripped off the skin , then he picked out the bones , then he ate the fish .
tr	PAST	He motioned his men to stand ready and kept his eyes glued to the vehement woman .
tr	PAST	I instructed my voice to form a greeting , but I had apparently forgotten every word I knew in the English language .
tr	PRES	""" Them , of course . """
tr	PAST	A few fluffy clouds floated in the deep blue autumn sky , and the sun shone down with its last warmth .
tr	PRES	"Why - "" "" Out . """
tr	PRES	""" She wants you , "" Lily teased ."
tr	PAST	Clementine unzipped her jacket and took off her slouchy .
tr	PRES	Then the anger and everything else distilled into one very primitive urge , and all he could think about was burying himself inside her .
tr	PAST	Their compatriots , carrying Yves ' other baggage , abandoned the crates and the luggage and the shrouded figure and fled to their ship .
tr	PRES	His cheek rises on one side .
tr	PAST	The filmy material of her gown highlighted an amazing figure .
tr	PAST	A priest from the monastery on a nearby island conducted quiet services in Latin .
tr	PAST	""" What of Rand , his father ? """
tr	PRES	"My blood - "" The blood kept dripping from the scalpel ."
tr	PRES	"The door opens and we laugh as Frankie sighs , "" Stupid motherfuckers . """
tr	PAST	Davis sketched a salute .
tr	PRES	"If my Iseo remembers . """
tr	PRES	""" Because of what you did , "" she announces ."
tr	PAST	Although the men didn 't attract nearly the interest that she had on her own entrance , the tavern quieted upon their arrival .
tr	PAST	He sniffed , but didn 't smell a wolf .
tr	PAST	Bastille regarded him evenly .
tr	PRES	""" Che , I 've heard all this Christian stuff before , ok ?"
tr	PAST	Something exploded inside me .
tr	PAST	The wind ceased to blow , and for a moment there was total silence .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my backpack on my shoulder as I walked across the pavement towards the canopied baggage claim .
tr	PAST	She dialed the voicemail access number and punched in her code .
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , "" he said , his voice husky ."
tr	PAST	Finally she crawled over to me and lay her head in my lap .
tr	PAST	Always a proponent of getting the last word , I whipped around and flew up the stairs before we really got wound up .
tr	PAST	His lips tugged upward , but his face remained solemn .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her hold on Mille 's slim , hairy wrist , dragging his arm across her shoulders .
tr	PRES	They represent the future , the next generation , the continuation and growth of the species .
tr	PAST	She turned to look at him , her eyes squinted slightly against the setting sun .
tr	PRES	He reaches the end of the snake and starts to squeeze .
tr	PRES	Cooper reaches for my hand as I get closer , his big mitten of a hand envelopes mine and I let him guide me to his lap .
tr	PRES	""" And what of Henri ? """
tr	PRES	"She has brought her very own brightness here , "" Madam Enid announces ."
tr	PAST	Sophie exhaled , her heart thundering in her chest .
tr	PAST	A body of a young woman lied on the stone floor of a dark chamber .
tr	PRES	""" So , about my business proposition ."
tr	PAST	Love , Seth Kendra reread the note in stunned disbelief .
tr	PRES	"This helps Ormond later show his pupils how they are attacking , and how to improve . """
tr	PAST	someone shrieked behind them .
tr	PRES	Seen him thereby identify himself as an opponent .
tr	PAST	Kurt hopped into the passenger seat .
tr	PAST	I froze his body with magic .
tr	PAST	Her talons dig nicely into the compacted sand , giving her a speed she has never felt before .
tr	PRES	""" And waiting to hear what song you 're going to pick out for me always cheers me up . """
tr	PAST	Very little of the girl 's powers transmitted to her , but a part of her youth did .
tr	PAST	Upon seeing Chris , the dog leaped onto his chest and began licking what must have looked to him like candy splotches from his face .
tr	PRES	""" Whenever you 're ready , ladies . """
tr	PAST	His breathing grew laboured , the air rattling in and out of his lips in shallow pants .
tr	PAST	Legend claimed there was a spring of clear water in that country which bestowed wisdom to any man who drank from it .
tr	PRES	Down , down below , an icy river washes through a bed of grass - lush and verdant .
tr	PRES	I lean toward him , my voice urgent .
tr	PAST	He trusted her more than he trusted his executives and she worked harder that most of them .
tr	PRES	""" Look , I wanted to thank you , Alec . """
tr	PRES	He remains in a petrified state , inert , until somebody feeds him .
tr	PRES	He sighs , locking eyes with me as if this were about to get serious and quick .
tr	PRES	""" This kills your kind . """
tr	PAST	Eve once again marveled at how different the Mark looked in street clothes versus her work attire .
tr	PRES	Police in charge of the investigation describe the details of the murder as horrifying and too gruesome to reveal to the public at this point in time .
tr	PRES	She digs her fingers into my chest .
tr	PAST	""" Okay ... Got it ."
tr	PRES	The priest stops her as she stands .
tr	PRES	The genuineness of their shared misery strikes me .
tr	PAST	She tugged the petals free and stuffed them down into the leather pouch .
tr	PAST	I propped her up against the house and told her I was going to get her help .
tr	PAST	Even as she thought it , the truck jolted , as if it hit an invisible bump on the smooth road .
tr	PRES	""" I disagree with it being your fault but I 'm grateful for your help ."
tr	PRES	I slay many inconsequential enemies .
tr	PAST	A thing of human flesh created by aliens .
tr	PRES	""" Anything you set your mind to , you succeed at it ."
tr	PRES	And then , finally , Corr begins to keen as I prompt him .
tr	PAST	""" It 's not too hard to beat a bunch of posers , "" Paul countered , grinning ."
tr	PRES	It was widening quickly , the jagged crack becoming a vast chasm with sheer sides that dropped away into shadow .
tr	PRES	""" I teach dog obedience classes and I 'm training service dogs ."
tr	PRES	A ghost of a smile plays on Mack 's lips , creating deep crevices around his mouth .
tr	PAST	""" You both desired the change to occur . """
tr	PAST	I exhaled and forced myself to get out of bed and stumble toward the bathroom for a shower .
tr	PAST	But I doubted it , and secretly I resented the court politics which I blamed for devastating her nerves and inviting her to an early grave .
tr	PRES	Something that sounded like fear wove into his words .
tr	PAST	Carefully , I unscrewed the head of the pipe and shoved the potato into it , placing the showerhead back over the top .
tr	PRES	""" Listen Leah , "" he begins ."
tr	PAST	At once she flung herself into his arms , uncaring what he might think .
tr	PRES	""" What about the other vow ?"
tr	PRES	Bobby draws in a sharp breath .
tr	PRES	""" No Laura . """
tr	PAST	But , Stu underestimated Marlon 's reaction .
tr	PAST	Before leaving the bathroom , Hoppy vomited .
tr	PRES	""" And Blackwell . """
tr	PRES	"He blushes this time and says , "" I 'm glad you like it . """
tr	PAST	A sudden loud crack split the air , and I dropped into a squat on the kitchen floor , my heart pounding in my ears .
tr	PRES	"The other survivors ... "" He frowned heavily ."
tr	PRES	Now , how much of that is in her head and her head alone remains to be seen .
tr	PRES	His love for his mate , undeniable .
tr	PAST	She never doubted that he 'd agree .
tr	PAST	""" Promises , promises , "" I giggled into his ear as he rolled me over on the bed and hovered above me ."
tr	PRES	""" It opens in the front . """
tr	PRES	Buddy chuckles again at the last remark and nods , agreeing to run the samples .
tr	PRES	Dirk points the maser at my pretty head .
tr	PRES	Then he reaches the main entrance .
tr	PAST	Her face reflected a ravaged grief that made him hesitate only a second .
tr	PRES	I swing my pack off my back and dump it on the floor to get to Quickly 's journal .
tr	PRES	He glances at me sideways , then turns the magazine vertical and studies it closely .
tr	PAST	Christine 's sneer froze on her face .
tr	PAST	He pretended not to care , cracking his jokes and snorting here and there .
tr	PAST	Unable to trust her legs to support her she crawled toward him .
tr	PAST	Somehow , Savannah navigated this minefield without reacting to any stress I redirected her way .
tr	PRES	The gallery begins to fill and whispered voices greet each other .
tr	PRES	So I screwed up .
tr	PRES	""" Rabid wolves fighting to the death . """
tr	PRES	You belong with me .
tr	PRES	She reaches up to her face with her free hand and winces when she lightly touches her crushed nose .
tr	PRES	""" Of course , you silly man . """
tr	PRES	The man loves you .
tr	PRES	The thought chilled my bones and shook my belief in mankind .
tr	PRES	""" Even his daughters ? """
tr	PAST	he inquired of himself .
tr	PAST	But he doubted she 'd believe him even if he admitted it .
tr	PRES	He opens a door and shoves me inside another dark room .
tr	PAST	He pinched the bridge of his nose and squeezed his eyes shut , then took a long , deep breath .
tr	PAST	At first , he sensed by his son 's silent and motionless reaction to his arrival that something was not right with him .
tr	PAST	Tristan eyed the pole , keeping his distance .
tr	PAST	With a few typed commands , the drill reversed direction and soon burst out of the sand .
tr	PAST	The crown matched his tattoos .
tr	PRES	"Just a friend of Rachel 's , so don 't go postal on me , pup . """
tr	PRES	The tank holds a number of explosives that it can lay , as well as a gun with rubber bullets .
tr	PAST	I prayed for a red light to pause us on our trip , but it seemed the traffic lights were against me .
tr	PAST	"It wasn 't like I tried to touch her or anything , "" the man defended himself ."
tr	PRES	Gavin points to the circuit diagram .
tr	PRES	""" Maybe you wanted to move on to how folks in this town clean their toilets , "" she teased ."
tr	PAST	The wind tugged and whipped her dress and hair in all different directions , spiraling and gaining unnatural speed .
tr	PAST	She very much desired to be one with him .
tr	PAST	I rewind to the night in my bedroom when he listened to me , and he helped me , and he saw me through .
tr	PAST	""" You 're part of the network now , "" Julie announced stridently ."
tr	PRES	Whether he was really a Martian or really crazy barely even mattered .
tr	PAST	""" Have it your way , "" the voice boomed ."
tr	PRES	He glances up at the surrounding hills .
tr	PRES	Light from the window shone through as the sun began rising over the trees .
tr	PRES	My stomach fills with butterflies .
tr	PRES	"Please sit back , relax and thanks for flying PSA Air . """
tr	PAST	"she exclaimed in clear frustration , "" Let me out ! """
tr	PRES	Time and space render such concepts difficult to comprehend .
tr	PRES	She begins to kick violently at the hand that holds her wrist .
tr	PRES	She glances at me , confused by the shock in my voice .
tr	PRES	Nathan was no slump in the body category either , his heavy muscles gleaming with sweat and suntan lotion .
tr	PRES	Says Kol quickly drawing a dagger and knocking away the sword .
tr	PAST	Serena slowed the car to a stop next to a large tangle of trees .
tr	PRES	He dreaded going to school today and suffering the deluge of emotional energy imbalances that his peers and teachers suffered .
tr	PRES	Says she was born in Gary , Indiana , same as me .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , before you stands your fork ."
tr	PAST	Who cleaned mad scientist lairs , anyway ?
tr	PAST	Joan 's husband had skipped the country leaving her and her three kids without a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out .
tr	PRES	Reginald returns with two sparkling waters .
tr	PAST	A feeling of disappointment and disbelief tugged at his perceptions , threatening to topple over his ideals like an unbalanced block tower .
tr	PRES	She remains squatting on the rock holding her hands in the pile of black dust .
tr	PAST	His words washed over me like ice water and I stepped back away from him as if he 'd just slapped me .
tr	PRES	Shimmery blue light falls on me , on the lake and the clock , and the dark ground .
tr	PRES	Skye stands and helps herself to a soda from the fridge .
tr	PAST	To which Alexander gratefully thanked the man for his kindness .
tr	PRES	""" Why , thank you , "" Best beamed ."
tr	PRES	He parks the truck near the front , puts his hand on the shifter , and pushes it into park .
tr	PRES	Joel folds his arms , slanting back against the motorcycle .
tr	PRES	A few galleries later , Elijah gazes again at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	""" I 've chosen already , Peter , "" stated Sandra ."
tr	PRES	"THE END Max Castillo returns in "" Vendetta in Valencia , "" available now !"
tr	PAST	She thanked me and sat , her eyes darting here and there , probably trying to identify objects and make sense of what she was seeing .
tr	PAST	"Got its plate number . """
tr	PRES	"We 'll be attending the theater , polo matches ... you name it . """
tr	PAST	He extended his hand .
tr	PRES	""" I do know , Corinne ."
tr	PAST	He grunted as he thrust into her unrelentingly .
tr	PRES	"He loses touch with reality ? """
tr	PRES	""" I slipping . """
tr	PAST	Clarity dove in the pool and got the remote control .
tr	PAST	Gus motioned for the woman to lay out the items on the bed and to place the flip-flops on the floor .
tr	PRES	"No flashy passes . """
tr	PRES	Taking a moment to figure out how to answer them , Lucas approaches us .
tr	PRES	Whatever it was , it kil ed him cleanly and passed by without touching anyone else .
tr	PRES	A wolf , huge and savage , leaping at a fleeing man , powerful jaws boring through the chest to get at the heart .
tr	PAST	I thanked him for his time and left my number with him saying I needed to sleep on it and we left .
tr	PAST	""" Because I begged you to . """
tr	PRES	About the warlock FRU agent who 'd helped bury Chan .
tr	PRES	I lean back , resting my head on the chair .
tr	PRES	"I never tire of that tale . """
tr	PAST	"Laura , could you grab those sheets of paper on the table ? """
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , but then closes it again .
tr	PRES	The serpentine path wove its way beside the pond and onto the bridge from where Fitzwilliam surveyed the entire estate for some time .
tr	PAST	The quick glance he gave Paige silently advised her to do the same .
tr	PAST	As promised , Morgan protected them from the enchantment .
tr	PAST	I dialed his number and after three rings it went to his voice mail .
tr	PAST	The spell required no words or physical components and only the slightest of hand movements .
tr	PAST	The resilience of the heart never ceased to amaze him .
tr	PAST	She fanned a drunken hand through the air and scanned the empty beer bottles and cupcake wrappers littering the table between them .
tr	PRES	""" We 'll see , "" she hears herself saying , and notices Charlie 's expression turn dark as she does ."
tr	PAST	This saddened Jake who had experienced many highs and lows watching the local team .
tr	PRES	""" I disagree . """
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse , unfamiliar to his own ears .
tr	PAST	Shane untangled himself from Nick and reached inside his pants pocket to fish out the phone .
tr	PAST	Anger exploded inside my chest and I shoved the Reboots in front of me out of the way .
tr	PRES	She inhales the scent of the rabbit 's works , smells bitter and tart , fierce and demure .
tr	PRES	""" Woman , can you spare a drink of cool water ? """
tr	PAST	He just prayed those answers weren 't going to plunge Sunny right back into harm 's way .
tr	PAST	""" Idiot almost got himself killed , "" he volunteered ."
tr	PAST	It cost $ 7.50 , plus shipping .
tr	PAST	""" If you are even questioning it you probably should , "" Adie advised ."
tr	PRES	""" Two shots ? """
tr	PRES	screamed Rufus to his protege .
tr	PAST	He sniffed the bouquet , smiled to himself and indulged in a sip .
tr	PAST	Celia enquired as she walked across the room and put her arm around Ilona 's waist .
tr	PAST	Coop clasped his hand around the coffee mug .
tr	PRES	Here Rousseau describes the evening encampment and the sense of danger being so close to the large British army .
tr	PRES	I dismount and drop the reins at the base of the dune , effectively tethering Galen to the spot , before I help Samantha down .
tr	PRES	She lets me penetrate her slowly , sinking over me with her neck thrust back , a strangled cry ripping from her throat .
tr	PRES	It brings out the lines around your mouth .
tr	PAST	He deepened the kiss , thrusting his tongue far inside the recesses of her mouth .
tr	PRES	He climbs into the Shelby and cranks the engine , the sound of it coming to life a thing of sheer beauty .
tr	PAST	Surprise , gratitude , and a host of unfamiliar emotions washed over me .
tr	PAST	""" I never thought I 'd see the day when you would be force feeding me , "" Alec joked ."
tr	PAST	Every nerve of hers vibrated in anticipation .
tr	PRES	""" And Margaret ? """
tr	PAST	""" Not sure "" screeched Peddle ."
tr	PAST	The morning sped by and soon it was almost twelve and time to pick up Casey .
tr	PAST	Getting a mental verification of the big man 's position , Garn hopped down off of the gentleman and offered his thanks before moving on .
tr	PAST	"They 're nice people , "" Eve defended ."
tr	PAST	Angie scooted to the edge of her chair and sat the water glass on Alan 's desk .
tr	PAST	He fidgeted with a gold signet ring on his right hand , which bore a complicate crest .
tr	PRES	""" Is everything ok ? """
tr	PAST	""" Two of them , "" he reported quietly ."
tr	PAST	Emma 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Her body crumpled as though dead , arms and legs hitting the ground at funny angles .
tr	PRES	"The interview is over , Miss Chester . """
tr	PAST	He cocked one ear and opened one eye to watch as I walked slowly around the room .
tr	PRES	My heart rate begins to speed up .
tr	PRES	Seth offers it to Callie a few times , but she shakes her head and declines each offer .
tr	PAST	My lungs froze and my heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	He sees me and waves .
tr	PRES	""" I 'd definitely not be going to a party , "" I mutter to myself ."
tr	PRES	Magic is alive , it breathes .
tr	PRES	Mel stills her hands and presses her lips together .
tr	PRES	I grieve to upset you with these thoughts , my Love , and I dearly hope that I find myself in error .
tr	PRES	Amy opens her mouth to protest .
tr	PAST	In fact , it troubled me more and more as the drive continued , not knowing the full extent of what she 'd been through .
tr	PAST	Unusually for a police officer , he had a gun , its holster and belt strapped smartly around his waist .
tr	PAST	She stares at herself forever and I can tell she 's about to cry .
tr	PAST	Sparks of blue electricity coiled around its body , and even from where she stood Zoey could smell a mixture of rotten eggs and pig manure .
tr	PAST	Danica 's heartbeat sped up .
tr	PAST	One of the men , the one obviously in charge , shuffled over to her .
tr	PRES	Bronwen likes our horses .
tr	PRES	""" Daddy loves you . """
tr	PRES	As we level off in the air I relax .
tr	PRES	He climbs off me and I push myself up on my elbows .
tr	PAST	""" Be silent , McDonald , "" the king reprimanded ."
tr	PAST	""" I invented it . """
tr	PAST	Calling Matt back into his office , he outlined the counter requests for the negotiations .
tr	PRES	When Friday comes , I practically drag James from the building , so relieved that I won 't have to fake it through another day .
tr	PRES	Cash helps me look for ewes with new lambs .
tr	PAST	The world exploded in light .
tr	PRES	A few planes were on the airstrip running in the night , lights blinking .
tr	PRES	""" And now , "" Ada said , gliding out of the wall in cold silver and black , "" you belong to me ."
tr	PRES	Keita abruptly pul ed back from him and punched him in the chest .
tr	PRES	""" Shhh , "" Jack whispers , gently rubbing the back of my neck ."
tr	PAST	I fantasized about changing my last name to Wheeler .
tr	PRES	""" ' Deep in the forest lies the tomb Protected from all evil ."
tr	PAST	The pilot duly arrived , a man named Teague Boyle who was well known around those parts as an expert coastal pilot as far south as Limerick .
tr	PAST	She dumped a full bag of coffee into the filter unit , leaning over to sniff the rich earthy scent .
tr	PAST	Junior belted out a snarl , responding to the spike of aggression in Aden 's veins .
tr	PAST	Pleasure washed her body , her mind , her soul .
tr	PRES	The sensation pushes me to close my eyes and memorize the feeling .
tr	PAST	He caressed his hands down my spine , massaged my lower back , then traced his fingers up to my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Unfortunately my fair skin glowed faintly red in the black underworld , even in shadow .
tr	PAST	Two soldiers joked with each other as they meandered back to their truck .
tr	PRES	But , now he talks about other things as well .
tr	PAST	They remarried , and nine months later Elizabeth was born .
tr	PRES	In the end , my faith even offers another viewpoint on our own people 's past .
tr	PAST	""" Oh good you 're dressed , "" Anita announced as I walked into the room ."
tr	PAST	The T-shirt she wore rasped her aching nipples , tempting her to remove it , but she knew better .
tr	PAST	She never conjured spirits .
tr	PRES	""" Apparently his word stands . """
tr	PAST	He cringed but sat up and put his feet on the floor .
tr	PRES	""" I think it 's almost three now , "" Della helps ."
tr	PAST	""" No , "" Nicolas persisted ."
tr	PAST	I eyed the toilet suspiciously .
tr	PRES	""" He wants to see us , Mommy , but he can 't find us , "" I mumbled against her skin ."
tr	PAST	Then the bed caved in around me , and I was tumbling head long into oblivion .
tr	PRES	""" Human blood tastes quite good . """
tr	PRES	I shout again , but it only repeats its plea .
tr	PRES	His only hope of rescue lies with Matilda , their hideously deformed and needy daughter , who lurks in the shadows in her bloodied wedding dress .
tr	PRES	Love weaves itself from hundreds of threads .
tr	PAST	He roamed free while I lived in a prison .
tr	PRES	They file onto the stage , standing shortest to tallest .
tr	PAST	You also stole weapons and left the grounds without permission .
tr	PAST	Clarissa pinched her husband 's hard cheek .
tr	PRES	""" Maybe if all else fails ."
tr	PRES	""" And me just being seen there helps ? """
tr	PAST	Growling , he restrained himself , fighting his desire and his hardening cock , before kissing her roughly , claiming her mouth as his .
tr	PAST	She tugged the starter cord .
tr	PRES	' Okay , so you tell me , ' I snap .
tr	PRES	""" You bin at 'em agen ."
tr	PAST	She squinted her cute little eyebrows together .
tr	PRES	He releases my hand and strolls to the front of me , deliberately skimming me from head to toe .
tr	PRES	""" Whew , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" Sabrina , what are you doing to me , lass ? """
tr	PAST	A few hours later , as the sun was rising over Sam Houston Park , Callum awoke , to see Richard sitting beside him .
tr	PRES	It was cruel , his expression menacing as he watched the poor wretches trail by .
tr	PRES	He strokes my hair , his expression tender .
tr	PAST	He smacked a hand against his forehead and extended the other one toward the dark heavens .
tr	PAST	Lisa 's expression sobered and turned back to the girl .
tr	PAST	He cocked his hat in the most stylish manner .
tr	PAST	""" Oh my God , "" she exclaimed as she looked around ."
tr	PAST	Sworn now to the Church , each served God as both warrior and priest .
tr	PRES	""" What fits ? """
tr	PAST	""" Don 't worry , "" Carl reassured him ."
tr	PRES	""" A branch off your head line curves down to the heel of your palm ."
tr	PAST	Phelps casually tugged his waistband into place .
tr	PAST	Lili either underestimated me or she was hoping for a show .
tr	PAST	With Coral 's help she donned her helmet and slung her shield .
tr	PRES	Adam pushes a plate of food in front of me ; the strength of his gaze is like a white-hot poker pressed against my skin .
tr	PRES	"That suit produces the same outputs as the HS unit 's , right ? """
tr	PAST	The two men shuffled awkwardly in place , their eyes darting to the floor .
tr	PAST	"Got him away from the followers he kept so close . """
tr	PRES	His loud emphasis on the word crusader , followed by a pause , signals the supporters to explode again into cheers .
tr	PAST	"We are losing hull strength , "" the Mirage reported ."
tr	PAST	He acted out of mercy .
tr	PRES	His awkward fourteen-year-old whiskers .
tr	PAST	The shift in tempo charged the air around them , turning it into a living , breathing being .
tr	PAST	he rasped in exasperation .
tr	PRES	Since we 're born of magic , for the most part we wield it painlessly .
tr	PRES	It collects the infected like a magnet through metal shavings .
tr	PRES	His voice softens , but I feel him stiffen beside me .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , a sense of freedom provided an urge to pack up and leave his hated life behind .
tr	PRES	""" You have a point , "" Dervish chuckles ."
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PAST	"Max trusted me , and I let him down . """
tr	PAST	Mai elbowed Clint , returning his eyes to the front .
tr	PRES	""" The latter , I assume ."
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in a voice too fearful and high-pitched .
tr	PAST	He scoffed at her .
tr	PRES	Edwin 's school trousers .
tr	PRES	""" No one for at least a mile , "" he replied , "" and probably not beyond that either . """
tr	PRES	""" Every tabloid in the stands . """
tr	PRES	""" You a cop ? """
tr	PRES	At that moment someone cranks up the music and the roadies march in to start hauling off the stage setup .
tr	PAST	But she sensed that he was only trying to intimidate her , and she refused to let him know he 'd succeeded .
tr	PAST	Alex 's blue green eyes twinkled at the mention of the hot water springs and how they were used in the heating and lighting of the homes .
tr	PRES	When your father rebelled many in Wales sided with Richard ; he forgave many fee farms in thanks for it .
tr	PRES	"I simply compelled her to free her prisoner . """
tr	PAST	Simon gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	Only one line of the letter bothered her .
tr	PAST	""" What finally tipped you off ? """
tr	PAST	The orangutan leaped through the air , his mystical sword shrouded in deadly green light .
tr	PAST	I pretended to mull it over .
tr	PAST	The truck slowed to a stop .
tr	PRES	""" It pays the bills . """
tr	PRES	Thomas , how would you disapprove !
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	The porter wishes her a nice stay .
tr	PAST	Haley unfolded her hands .
tr	PAST	He shuffled back , squirming and grabbing the hem of a coat one of his men was wearing .
tr	PAST	Unlike this morning , I restrained myself to another kiss across the table , without throwing the rest of my body after it .
tr	PAST	He tensed and glared at her stubbornly .
tr	PAST	""" Gee Sarge , at least let the kid shoot at him first , "" a young soldier piped up ."
tr	PAST	As she left , Crabtree and the Stevens re-entered the tavern and returned to the table .
tr	PRES	Robin holds up her hands .
tr	PAST	Not much bothered me right now .
tr	PAST	""" And I dreamed of you ."
tr	PRES	Due to my quaking hand , the numbers barely resemble squiggles .
tr	PRES	I shout , frightening both of them .
tr	PAST	As he spoke , his thumb glided over my neck , pausing at my rapidly beating pulse .
tr	PRES	He stops drumming his fingers and picks up a fork .
tr	PAST	"Wary , I propped myself up in bed and asked , "" What do you want with me ? """
tr	PAST	Coffee sloshed down my wrist , and I snatched a tissue from one of the many boxes scattered around the room to blot at it .
tr	PRES	""" He likes to expose himself ."
tr	PRES	The man holds his hand out expectantly .
tr	PRES	"He likes to cook , but says I won 't do it when he 's not around . """
tr	PAST	They secured him onto the backboard .
tr	PAST	Ash tensed as she sank her long canine teeth into his neck .
tr	PRES	""" It falls in with Reasoning . """
tr	PAST	Stepping away from the light , he tugged at one of the black curtains .
tr	PRES	""" Well , once the Court grants me judgment I 'll send over a U.S. Marshall to collect the money ."
tr	PRES	""" And right now , "" he guessed , "" you especially detest me . """
tr	PAST	This command produced a certain amount of grumbling .
tr	PRES	"With no teeth to match to dental records , no fingerprints ... "" Probably he was shrugging ."
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , cutting her off .
tr	PAST	""" These legs , "" he mumbled at my mouth , squeezing into my flesh , taking wild handfuls like he could never get enough ."
tr	PAST	""" Yes , "" Gloria chimed in ."
tr	PRES	' Then relay this to them : tell them to let me do my job .
tr	PRES	She winks and then waltzes down the hall with a little sway of her hips .
tr	PAST	As he reached for her , she smacked his hand away .
tr	PAST	""" That is not all , Seor Seguin , "" she uttered bluntly , adding , "" Sit back down ! "" ."
tr	PRES	""" Did you sew these seams ? """
tr	PAST	She tensed and turned back around to look at me .
tr	PAST	Her eyes soaked up the sight of him after so many weeks apart .
tr	PAST	Her tongue flicked over his throat and he cursed , his body tightening .
tr	PRES	A series of chambers permits entry to the vault where I imagine all the extremely hazardous items are stored .
tr	PRES	Our footsteps echo in the small , empty chamber .
tr	PAST	Considering the ugly things we 'd talked about tonight , my mind had doubted this moment would come , but my heart had known .
tr	PRES	Not cold though , warm for September , pleasant almost .
tr	PRES	"She loses interest easily and I 'm sure there 's something new to occupy her attention . """
tr	PRES	Inside the cabin of the boat , Doug opens a refrigerated compartment and pulls out a deep vegetable drawer at the bottom .
tr	PRES	Hands clammy with sweat , Jane watched uncertainly as the knob turned and the door opened .
tr	PRES	The morning sun shone painfully through the uncovered windows , forcing her to squint .
tr	PAST	Silky hair only heightened the effect on her skin .
tr	PAST	His knife slowed along the apple .
tr	PAST	He cocked a smile like he owned the place .
tr	PAST	Then they turned around and headed straight toward me , their hands outstretched like claws and their expressions murderous .
tr	PRES	He glances from Beast to me , then back to Beast again , unsure as to what is going on .
tr	PRES	Nonetheless , she kills him .
tr	PRES	My loves , she wrote , missing them so sharply it was difficult to go on .
tr	PRES	I can see her face light up , her demeanor relax .
tr	PRES	""" You 're so easy to get excited , "" I teased ."
tr	PRES	She helps with the brewing and distilling , though she 's careful never to inhale when steam bursts from beneath lids and wafts up in fragrant clouds .
tr	PAST	A Paramore song suddenly exploded from Emma 's bag .
tr	PAST	""" I 'll get you some blankets , "" Daniel volunteered ."
tr	PRES	""" So Inquisition raid ? """
tr	PAST	""" Those are called oversized rats , "" Danny chimed in and Taylor hit him in the arm ."
tr	PAST	Half the church wall collapsed inward while the crumpled helicopter fuselage crashed to the ground like a big , broken toy .
tr	PRES	""" Not if they knew you and knew how clumsy you are , "" the one with the ponytail teased ."
tr	PAST	He massaged them , studying them curiously .
tr	PRES	"No one deserves to be pounded by Broderick for no reason . """
tr	PRES	Before then , I urge you to take this chance to travel , see the world and all of what 's out there .
tr	PRES	I assume he 'll correct me if that 's wrong .
tr	PRES	I pump my arms and churn my legs .
tr	PAST	""" Most people aren 't aware of their surroundings , "" she stated ."
tr	PRES	On his last downward stroke , Alec lets his hands trail down to my hips .
tr	PAST	Yeshua never defended such a course .
tr	PAST	An American flag gently fanned its pole in front of the larger building .
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone under her bangs and she grinned .
tr	PAST	Suppressed guilt unleashed its agony and bitter tears sprung to his eyes .
tr	PAST	Long , deep , satisfying strokes matched the little sizzles of power from the tiny amulets .
tr	PAST	Angie made herself laugh , prayed it sounded more natural than it felt .
tr	PAST	He scribbled a note , folded it , and convinced Loreen Duke to hold it without reading it .
tr	PAST	She seized the subject , petting the steering wheel .
tr	PAST	The river , a ribbon of frothy blue , winds through the symmetry of the streets , everything in miniature from this height , even the destruction .
tr	PAST	She slapped his hand .
tr	PRES	""" Lost means I know where I 'm going , "" I snap ."
tr	PRES	He whispers closer to me .
tr	PRES	""" Faith Michelle Lawrence . """
tr	PAST	In early April , they advised me there would be traffic on the river but it was only after several delays the group left Jacksonville .
tr	PRES	"Hence the coffee filters . """
tr	PAST	""" I trusted you and this is what you do to me ? """
tr	PRES	He lets me take a shower first as he comes in and out of the bathroom freely .
tr	PRES	She reaches for the glass of milk , takes a sip and then takes me in her mouth until I feel the back of her throat .
tr	PAST	I leaped up them .
tr	PRES	' Come on , think , ' I mumbled to myself .
tr	PAST	White and silver adorned every surface , contrasting severely with the black stone floor .
tr	PRES	He whispers in his ear and then they both move alerting Catherine , Eva , Serena , Damian and Francis .
tr	PAST	Screwing his eyes , his mind sought the verse lyrics .
tr	PAST	I unzipped and opened the bag .
tr	PRES	""" This feline and I share a spirit bond ."
tr	PAST	Meyer thanked her and headed for his own office .
tr	PRES	Sleep out by the pool .
tr	PAST	If ever she had thought she was brave , that moment proved her wrong .
tr	PAST	He unbuttoned his top shirt and took it off .
tr	PAST	At this she dared stop and turn .
tr	PRES	""" Ho d Hi minus Hi d Ho over Ho Ho ."
tr	PRES	""" And I belong to you . """
tr	PRES	He slams the door shut ; the bells above it rumbling .
tr	PRES	"The Khazars exact a stiff tribute , but they earn it with the lives of their young men . """
tr	PRES	An iPod plays on the nightstand and I grin when I hear the music .
tr	PAST	The comment puzzled Kendall .
tr	PAST	Though she didn 't have a time line , she sensed that until months ago , she 'd held the same convictions .
tr	PRES	Some of the voices in the crowd mumbled .
tr	PAST	Clearly not expecting him to agree , she treated him to a mock punch in the shoulder .
tr	PRES	Abe snorts back a laugh .
tr	PAST	He withdrew the necklace and lovingly passed to Sarah .
tr	PRES	They represent our love .
tr	PRES	Knowing at that moment what he truly was , I realized that everything was just lies .
tr	PAST	Dale 's mouth curved up at the corners .
tr	PAST	A further search revealed nothing else of consequence .
tr	PAST	It dealt with the timing of future events , when the world would cross over from this age to the next .
tr	PAST	A Wise One visited that most sacred city twice in her life .
tr	PRES	I wipe the blood out of my eye again and slowly sit up .
tr	PRES	"About your ... similar pasts . """
tr	PAST	She downed the contents of her whisky , gagged momentarily as the fire hit her throat and stormed his desk .
tr	PRES	Nicole returns , continuing to type .
tr	PAST	His features reflected a moment of embarrassment before he turned to assess the slender girl .
tr	PAST	He tugged her away , but only the barest of inches so he could look down into her eyes .
tr	PAST	Some rats ran into the fire , others attempted to find the end of it .
tr	PRES	Black hair with long , messy bangs .
tr	PRES	""" Did you hike around Half Dome ? """
tr	PRES	Slowly walking to the other end of the platform , he scrutinized the prisoners .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms around my stomach , as though I can press it deep and down .
tr	PAST	' I 'm going to shower , ' I announced .
tr	PAST	She stared at him in amazement , her hand still half extended .
tr	PRES	Looking up , he sees his father 's long hair blowing in the wind , swirling around his face .
tr	PRES	A second man enters with the wood that will soon become a fire .
tr	PAST	On the other side of the glass , a hand mirrored mine , five fingertips aligning with my own .
tr	PAST	He grieved for that bright happy young woman he first met on Christmas Eve , who wrote such vivacious letters .
tr	PRES	I slap him so hard his face jerks to the side .
tr	PAST	Skylar regarded her with a musing look .
tr	PAST	They ascend into the heavens ; they have discovered how the blood circulates , and the nature of the air we breathe .
tr	PRES	In front of us lies a long hallway , poorly lit by buzzing overhead lights , casting shadows on the few doors that lie along the way .
tr	PAST	Edward stiffened , and a low hiss sounded in my ear .
tr	PAST	I pretended I wasn 't in love with you .
tr	PRES	The bed legs creak against the stone floor and the door launches open .
tr	PRES	""" How about dessert ?"
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven There 's something sexy about a short dress and cowboy boots .
tr	PAST	Clara 's tits bounced with the jerk of her h * ps as he plunged deep into her .
tr	PRES	"So much for age making you smarter . """
tr	PAST	""" Hurry , "" she urged him , but how could he resist the scent , the taste of her ?"
tr	PAST	At that moment , Jon sensed motion on his other side .
tr	PAST	Momma elbowed Daddy in the ribs and forced a laugh past her gritted teeth .
tr	PRES	He touches my shoulder and I wrench away .
tr	PAST	Several groans arose from the crowd , and Nick glared at them .
tr	PRES	"Michael loves you . """
tr	PAST	His smile faltered , but the hand wrapped around mine tightened reassuringly .
tr	PRES	He slides his finger across it and the page virtually turns and I 'm staring at chapter one .
tr	PAST	They giggled like teenagers when they hustled back in the room .
tr	PAST	When she avoided him , he sought her out .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I examined each detail he had re-created .
tr	PAST	Slater untangled himself from the blonde and followed me out the door .
tr	PAST	As we drew apart , though , I sensed a reluctance in him .
tr	PRES	""" What of a ... Stephen ? """
tr	PRES	But first , I relive the moment for myself , seeking my own safe place in The Program .
tr	PAST	"She might be a little eccentric but she 's not like that , "" Michael stated ."
tr	PRES	"Aunt Judith cal ed up , sounding impatient , "" Elena ! """
tr	PRES	"He also wishes you to know that your monthly allowance will cease effective immediately . """
tr	PAST	In the soft moonlight , the clean white of the fur and feathers nearly glowed .
tr	PRES	That explains her elevation to girlfriend status .
tr	PRES	""" Last night changes everything . """
tr	PAST	Somewhere along the way , anger replaced fear .
tr	PRES	I assume they must have been here to reveal the power you and Andrew have on this plane together .
tr	PRES	""" No one in their right mind ever allows themselves to acquire that ward ."
tr	PAST	She slowed and came to a stop .
tr	PRES	No one moves , talks , breathes .
tr	PAST	He mumbled something under his breath and wrapped his big hands around one of my feet .
tr	PAST	And these people marveled at it .
tr	PRES	The ball slams into the fence right in Brian 's face .
tr	PRES	""" Shane , take us to the dance floor , "" Lisa begged ."
tr	PRES	The urine stank as it dried beneath him .
tr	PAST	I washed and dried a couple of dishes while I tried to imagine what Claude and Niall might be doing at this moment .
tr	PRES	""" She tastes divine . """
tr	PAST	Blood soaked the battleground .
tr	PRES	I exhale slowly , my fists balling up to stop my hands from trembling .
tr	PAST	She inhaled the fragrant steam .
tr	PAST	Ray grunted his response and shifted his body so he stood directly behind me as I reached for my doorknob .
tr	PAST	""" Let me take care of that , "" Lorraine volunteered ."
tr	PAST	He always acted so composed , so perfect .
tr	PRES	He states confidently , but his eyes shift to Serena and I catch their brief , but very worried glances .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , Scott , please , "" she begged ."
tr	PRES	I ponder that option .
tr	PAST	He purified the water , divided it , and took Rand 's share back up the side of the dune .
tr	PAST	I skipped away before I broke down completely .
tr	PRES	The pleasure tingles and builds , gathering low in my stomach .
tr	PAST	Callum squinted at them as we passed .
tr	PAST	Upon opening the antique mahogany armoire in Patch 's bedroom , my frantic search slowed .
tr	PAST	My stomach rumbled at the thought of food ... I had never been this hungry before .
tr	PRES	""" Oh relax ! """
tr	PAST	""" Steel -- yourself , "" he rasped before they reached a door at the end ."
tr	PRES	"She taunts , "" Tell me ."
tr	PRES	My mouth pops open and no words come out .
tr	PRES	Vampires feed off humans .
tr	PRES	""" Cut the crap , Hayden , "" Dax snaps ."
tr	PRES	A few thudding heartbeats later , Renzo realized that he 'd shot to a sitting position and was staring at them , and they were staring back .
tr	PAST	In his position beside Timberlake , Flattery clutched a stanchion , asked himself : Where is Prue ?
tr	PRES	He helps me to my feet .
tr	PRES	' And some Christmas crackers , not the cheap ones you get with a tiny plastic toy inside that you 'll never use or play with .
tr	PAST	Murderous intent mingled with magic and I was completely focused on the looming battle ; but something familiar about the leader forced me to second guess myself .
tr	PRES	My feet slap the floor and sound way too loud .
tr	PAST	Celaena clutched the amulet on her chest .
tr	PAST	The woman giggled to herself and her eyes were truly terrifying .
tr	PAST	A voice over the loudspeaker announced that they had reached their destination and needed to get off .
tr	PRES	The phone buzzes again .
tr	PAST	Then we plunged into the deep water and all was dark .
tr	PRES	He reaches for my hand .
tr	PRES	I crack up laughing .
tr	PAST	""" What I obtained for Mr. Horne cost him a large sum of money ."
tr	PRES	""" Marcia loves to entertain ."
tr	PRES	Jake grasps the knob and tries to turn it clockwise .
tr	PRES	"I salute you . """
tr	PRES	' Captain Justus ? '
tr	PRES	Then he stands up , stretches , says good night , and climbs back down the trellis .
tr	PAST	She tugged him over to a chair , then sat on the footstool in front of him .
tr	PRES	""" The prisoner carts . """
tr	PAST	"Don 't fret , "" Charles reassured me ."
tr	PRES	""" He describes here , for instance , a procedure that he developed : litigating the temporal artery to prevent migraines . """
tr	PAST	Dean slapped Nick 's hand away .
tr	PRES	""" Trade me seats . """
tr	PRES	"Tiny rises to his feet with his sword pointed upward to the sky "" May I speak with you , Empress ? """
tr	PRES	""" Mind keeping your voice down , pal ?"
tr	PRES	Barr 's prints all over it .
tr	PRES	"' ' Looks like they forgot one . """
tr	PAST	Anakin floated the trooper over to Obi-Wan .
tr	PAST	Evie yawned again and got up herself .
tr	PAST	He stowed the bag , then lifted her onto the seat .
tr	PAST	Ice glazed the mirror over the fireplace , formed a crust over the carpet .
tr	PRES	Dean folds up the newspaper and tosses it into the table by the cookie jar .
tr	PAST	Immediately , I inhaled a sharp breath and my vision clouded , as pain vibrated through my skull .
tr	PRES	Charlotte flinched , a slight movement of her brows that he would have missed if he hadn 't been determinedly searching for it .
tr	PAST	I ' d swung too hard , hitting the ball over the fence .
tr	PAST	""" Taking a pretty girl to a bar isn 't that big a deal , "" he reassured me again , trying to bolster my spirits ."
tr	PRES	""" Bianca sees him as a friend ."
tr	PRES	""" Did I arrive in time to save the Bazaar Den ? """
tr	PRES	On cue , rays of light creep forward , warming the ocean as the sun rises over the treetops .
tr	PAST	She swiped out with her hand and yanked the ski mask off the man who 'd held her .
tr	PAST	Grace squealed as she let Teddy dunk her in the water , and Joe returned his attention to the lake .
tr	PRES	He holds his fingers over his mouth and inspects for blood .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eight I tore myself from his tale , ripping myself from the seams of my sanity .
tr	PRES	He opens the door for me ; the little bell jingles .
tr	PAST	She waited patiently for Malcolm to show his bespectacled face , then proceeded to ask .
tr	PAST	""" That 's exactly correct , Mrs. Beecham , "" he lied ."
tr	PAST	""" But Billy matched their order ."
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , Grady ."
tr	PRES	"I chuckle , "" But you love me anyway . """
tr	PAST	She floated past the ruined white buildings , her head hanging low .
tr	PRES	"Do whatever you have to , "" my mommy begged with tears streaming down her face ."
tr	PAST	Silas flicked an imaginary speck of dust from his sleeve with a fingernail as sharp as a blade .
tr	PRES	""" Love your dress , doll ."
tr	PAST	We were then ambushed by English dragoons .
tr	PRES	""" Are we safe , Oliver ? """
tr	PAST	The night revealed what in day could not be seen .
tr	PRES	Maci protects her head with her arms , her breaths fitful as she jumps to her feet .
tr	PAST	I seized my notes from the writing table and flung them into the fire .
tr	PAST	But her expression sobered almost as fast , crazy quick , as she approached Elise .
tr	PAST	Cade eyed her cautiously .
tr	PAST	He tugged on my hips to pull me even closer .
tr	PAST	He tipped his head toward the stairs .
tr	PAST	Then he crouched with his gun at the ready and began working his way to the back of the house .
tr	PAST	Before anyone would hazard a guess , Lisa 's radio buzzed .
tr	PAST	Now it fanned the flames of her desire .
tr	PAST	She bounced against his back as he ran .
tr	PAST	Even dusted a few of the artifact cases in the stacks .
tr	PAST	He eyed her suspiciously .
tr	PAST	Her fingers painted a trail of goose bumps down his neck then his sides before hooking in his belt .
tr	PAST	Molly crawled back into bed and rested her chin on her knees .
tr	PAST	"Maddy countered , "" He would have flown in if he 'd wanted to ."
tr	PAST	""" This ship 's falling apart , "" Born stated in frustration ."
tr	PRES	""" Talk Talk ? """
tr	PRES	""" The king returns tomorrow , Thomas . """
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest .
tr	PRES	""" That remains to be seen . """
tr	PRES	Gently lifting my feet , he slides first one heel off and then another .
tr	PRES	Cade lets out a loud sigh and throws the towel on the counter .
tr	PRES	She likes me and I 'd like to keep it that way .
tr	PAST	Nigel exclaimed , looking at Simon .
tr	PRES	""" Have you figured it out yet , Rach ? """
tr	PAST	"Got nothing more to say about what happened to Laura . """
tr	PAST	Four people piled into the car and they took off down the road .
tr	PRES	""" I am so happy that Jody is with me , "" Ian comments , watching his daughter as she continues to dance ."
tr	PAST	She tidied the papers and periodicals , freeing up a chair in the process .
tr	PRES	""" Perhaps calling it a law is a bit of a stretch , "" he teased before his smile disappeared and his face turned serious again ."
tr	PRES	His fingers fan out as they skate over my bare skin , sliding to my rib cage to graze the various scar ridges .
tr	PAST	Detective Harrison said , bass voice pitched deep with intensity as he made his point .
tr	PRES	""" You drag me out of an important meeting and subject me to these baseless accusations ."
tr	PAST	He inched over , grinning .
tr	PAST	""" Just pretend like you belong here , "" I instructed , taking Laurel 's hand ."
tr	PAST	I dialed up Jeff 's number .
tr	PRES	April reaches over to examine the color of my drying hair .
tr	PRES	""" He likes to travel and meet new people . """
tr	PRES	I dwelt lovingly on this image to quell my fears .
tr	PAST	Destiny tugged at her , regaining the older woman 's attention .
tr	PAST	He inched into her , stretching her impossibly .
tr	PRES	It shone in perfect harmony with her impressive soprano voice .
tr	PRES	He holds up a machete and grunts as he slices the seat belt right off my shoulder from the back .
tr	PAST	Turning Styx regarded the frail man with a sharp pang of horror .
tr	PAST	The evidence piled against the sleeping girl .
tr	PAST	One of the Cobras scoffed .
tr	PRES	This freezes my hand on my glass .
tr	PRES	Of course , I assume that not every place is like this .
tr	PAST	Chapter 37 Ambassador Varg fled through the tunnels of the Deeps , and Tavi followed .
tr	PRES	One of them rises up from her crouch , carefully notches an arrow to her bow , and aims at the Inquisitors .
tr	PRES	""" How dare you show your defiled face here again , Xavier ."
tr	PAST	I thanked him and took it .
tr	PRES	""" Not to mention shout at me . """
tr	PRES	""" You befriended someone ."
tr	PRES	"Soccer , little league , some kind of martial arts classes , guitar lessons and so on . """
tr	PAST	His tongue invaded her mouth , mastering her , controlling her with the desire he was igniting inside of her body instead of by brute strength .
tr	PAST	""" Lean your head forward , "" he instructed ."
tr	PAST	""" Somewhere in the trillions , easily ."
tr	PRES	"That dark green hair passes every time . """
tr	PRES	""" What about Jasmine ? """
tr	PAST	Mrs. Bethany urged us forward .
tr	PRES	""" Just orange juice ? """
tr	PAST	Pam eyed Carol suspiciously .
tr	PRES	The doctor begins shuffling around the room gathering tools and cloth and that dreaded saw readied to be used .
tr	PAST	She squinted , trying in vain to read the small card .
tr	PAST	"I have no idea what you 're talking about , "" she lied once again ."
tr	PRES	""" The Wonderful and Mysterious Sex Life of Lucky . """
tr	PAST	He tugged at a tangle in her glossy hair .
tr	PRES	He begins to glow and change .
tr	PAST	The girl staring back at me glowed in the halo of flames dancing a finger 's width above her skin .
tr	PRES	""" My general wishes to inform you that he has no intention of leaving ."
tr	PAST	He froze , staring .
tr	PAST	The smell of burnt clothes and flesh mingled with the metallic scent of blood .
tr	PAST	Air swirled around us like a whirlwind , picking up the dust and debris from the ground .
tr	PRES	""" An advice column ? """
tr	PRES	He points at my shoes .
tr	PAST	She barged through and slammed the door behind her .
tr	PRES	The monster roared , the sound ringing my ears , and snapped its head back at Scar with eye level .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to reach across the table and cup her surprisingly full breasts in each of his hands .
tr	PRES	His eyes were blazing , the triumph blatant , searing into me , so hot , so fierce , I felt branded .
tr	PRES	It kind of freaked me the hell out , but what could I do ?
tr	PRES	"If you remember , what occurs on this mission affects all of us . """
tr	PRES	June uses a small sword I practiced with when I was little .
tr	PAST	A chromosome scan of the Galli girl proved she was human .
tr	PRES	""" Thanks , sis ."
tr	PRES	Dried tears laced her cheeks in a dim gloss .
tr	PRES	""" Now mingle , girls !"
tr	PRES	Rico stands up , looks me in the eye , and extends his hand to me .
tr	PRES	I march towards him .
tr	PRES	Her red hair frames her face , and she doesn 't look a thing like Skyla .
tr	PRES	""" I-I don 't know , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	The filmy sun sinking into the smoke beyond the trees of Kim 's back yard signals to Shelton an ending , and not of the nightmare .
tr	PRES	"Do you hear the forest quieting - "" Another rumble ."
tr	PAST	I announced in a defiant manner .
tr	PAST	They prayed and readied themselves to kill the innocent .
tr	PRES	He grits his teeth , blowing out a breath between them .
tr	PAST	The engine droned on as they approached the pass .
tr	PAST	The room exploded and reverberated with the retort .
tr	PAST	My skin is being tugged .
tr	PRES	""" Sometimes a girl loves to be told . """
tr	PRES	( Liz likes questions too much to ever let one go unanswered . )
tr	PAST	From the black shirt and white Roman collar , Strang surmised the man had more of right to be in the church than him .
tr	PRES	"He lets go just as quickly and adds , "" You have to wait for it to light up . """
tr	PRES	Tia joins me a minute later , in a pair of loose cotton trousers and a holey cardigan she 'd never wear outside of the house .
tr	PRES	"My friend , Marcy , loves to read though . """
tr	PAST	Then they all collapsed on the ground in exhaustion .
tr	PAST	I bounced the baby to distract myself even as Holly moved toward the groceries .
tr	PRES	My head pops up to find a humongous guy pointing at Rory , who keeps on kissing Vanessa like he can 't hear a thing .
tr	PAST	Instead , he eyed her and moved her out of the way of a huge guy barreling toward them .
tr	PAST	Her breath bounced off the rock and blew back into her face .
tr	PAST	The shadow of a beard accented his jaw , the outline of his lips .
tr	PRES	Rian points behind him .
tr	PAST	A frown replaced his smile .
tr	PRES	She holds the paper out to me , and I take it .
tr	PAST	she squealed , throwing her arms around me in a giant hug .
tr	PRES	""" Skyla and Gage , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	""" OK , a million bucks ."
tr	PRES	""" He armed ? """
tr	PAST	Brand awoke in the light of a blazing fire .
tr	PRES	""" Please don 't make me let go , "" she begged through pale lips ."
tr	PRES	Trust me , then it all changes .
tr	PAST	The folding card table vibrated slightly as he wrote .
tr	PRES	Her hand twitches , itching to leave the court and retrieve her property .
tr	PRES	""" Did you cheat on Madoc ? """
tr	PRES	""" Well hello , Mr. Blythe ."
tr	PAST	She sobbed the words against his chest .
tr	PAST	By some innate instinct he navigated to the center of town and found himself in the town square .
tr	PRES	""" It 's that raven , "" she whispers ."
tr	PAST	At Jo 's question , Ruby stiffened and clutched her bag .
tr	PAST	Looking down at his feet , he cocked an eyebrow at her in confusion .
tr	PAST	Or not in high school , anyhow .
tr	PRES	My body begins to tremble , and I 'm sure he can see it .
tr	PRES	"Chapter Eight Allie "" Allie , right ? """
tr	PAST	He much preferred the ruggedness and variety of nature .
tr	PAST	the dragon uttered cheerfully .
tr	PAST	"Emergency landing sequence initiated , "" the auto-pilot announced ."
tr	PRES	""" Good heavens . """
tr	PRES	"But it helps . """
tr	PAST	"You 're damn right you can , "" exclaimed Pat ."
tr	PAST	She slowly unbuttoned them and slid her fingers underneath the denim before sliding them over her hips .
tr	PRES	"Everyone loves you , Elena . """
tr	PRES	""" Since a police officer was in the room this morning , I assume local officials are aware ."
tr	PRES	"Please ... "" Kim begged ."
tr	PRES	""" Your father left a message on the answering machine , "" she announces ."
tr	PRES	Heads snap toward the sound .
tr	PAST	Lavina shuffled in her chair and gazed back .
tr	PRES	He sees the photo of Sam and grows solemn .
tr	PAST	The party backtracked and found a fracture in the mountain and through this passageway they traveled by threes .
tr	PAST	The old couple split the contents of the bag and took turns setting them out on the pavement as they walked .
tr	PRES	""" When the moon is full it causes a magnetic -- "" "" You 've been on that internet again , haven 't you ? """
tr	PRES	""" ... Love . """
tr	PRES	""" Come on , sweetheart ."
tr	PRES	""" They request time to draw up a proposal for peace . """
tr	PRES	""" Never mind , luv ."
tr	PAST	His thumb massaged over a raw patch of skin on the other palm .
tr	PRES	Heat crawls up her cheeks and she considers concealing herself higher again .
tr	PAST	""" The whole place just collapsed in on itself ."
tr	PAST	As he had the night before , Percival dreamed of flying through the woods toward the old manor house .
tr	PRES	I tickle her ribs .
tr	PAST	""" So MIT emailed me today . """
tr	PRES	I wiggle inside the chair then chew , swallow and burp up more cookie crumbs .
tr	PAST	A long , brilliant wooden table flanked by sixteen ornately carved wooden chairs .
tr	PAST	' It 's working , ' Xander dared to whisper .
tr	PRES	He wraps an arm around my shoulder and leans in .
tr	PAST	Dean motioned to the sofa and waved his hand at it before running a hand through his hair .
tr	PAST	The side of his head exploded onto the wall next to us .
tr	PRES	""" Clothing optional . """
tr	PRES	He towers above Society , one throne replaced by another .
tr	PRES	""" These waves affect our vision by vibrating our eyeballs ."
tr	PAST	I stripped off my armor , set it carefully on the mats and waited .
tr	PAST	Trevor crouched atop the Sweet Tooth Ice Cream and Candy Shoppe .
tr	PAST	My mom and dad treated her like their kid and fussed over her ( which she secretly loved ) .
tr	PAST	Then the rat froze .
tr	PRES	' Home for the holidays , eh ? '
tr	PAST	Watson exited the front passenger 's side , his arm in the sling .
tr	PAST	""" I have it , "" I announced ."
tr	PRES	First you danced with Lord Waterstone , who 's a spineless fop .
tr	PAST	After what seemed like an absolute age Sarah then exclaimed , ' Wow and wow !
tr	PRES	Amanda loves drama , and she just won the lead to play Maria in West Side Story .
tr	PRES	Standing in a stunned stupor from the torrent of information , Link fails to hear the voices calling his name .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , my dear heavens . """
tr	PAST	The mask rustled as the man inside it shook his head .
tr	PAST	I trusted him completely and he wasn 't worth that trust .
tr	PAST	After a few seconds of serene darkness , the sky exploded into an infinity of colors .
tr	PAST	Part of me cringed , acknowledging the vulnerability that coursed within me .
tr	PAST	Barlow 's barking laugh subsided , but his heavy shoulders kept heaving .
tr	PAST	Besides , they 'd already balked when she 'd asked .
tr	PAST	The housekeeper reappeared and placed a steaming plate in front of each of them .
tr	PAST	That depth she 'd seen in the workshop .
tr	PRES	The chalice holds a piece of Abner 's light .
tr	PRES	Jackson tuned everything out and pulled Stephanie tighter as he watched the paramedics enter the room and tend to his upper arm wound .
tr	PAST	But he doubted he could explain the complex emotions that had motivated his first call .
tr	PRES	The door that leads from the garage into the kitchen opens , and the sound of keys landing on the counter rings out .
tr	PRES	""" Perhaps we should change your job to court jester instead , just in case , "" he teased ."
tr	PRES	Oh , it explains everything - the ridiculous contradictions from the Mendocino officials , and from the San Francisco laboratories .
tr	PRES	My mouth fills with sand and I can barely swallow .
tr	PRES	""" A thank-you . """
tr	PRES	Will holds a black umbrella over me .
tr	PAST	I giggled , pressing my head into his kiss .
tr	PRES	His tall , athletic body was still spare and showed the uniform to advantage .
tr	PRES	""" I urge you to approach her with extreme caution . """
tr	PAST	He withdrew , lifted her gently in his arms , and carried her up the stairs to his loft bedroom .
tr	PRES	""" Well , come on , sweetheart ."
tr	PAST	he zipped it up for me .
tr	PRES	Abraham , slice up your son for me .
tr	PRES	""" What kind of talents ? """
tr	PRES	""" Even if I should have to go begging in the streets ."
tr	PAST	Johnny piled the winnings next to it and counted saying , ' That 's the five hundred you gave me to start with . '
tr	PRES	Raven holds up a hand .
tr	PRES	""" Run , Chloe , "" I shout as I head out towards Ellis ."
tr	PRES	YES , YOU HAVE .
tr	PAST	They cost between 18 and 30 pounds sterling depending on their quality .
tr	PAST	The ticket nearly cleaned out her savings , but she 'd just paid rent , and all of her other bills were up to date .
tr	PAST	""" He handled it very well ."
tr	PAST	""" Yes , "" he grunted ."
tr	PRES	She came up for air , a water nymph laughing at him .
tr	PAST	"A truck smashed in to Kate 's - . """
tr	PRES	Therefore in a medal competition , for results purposes only , ladies add these 2 adjustments shots to their handicaps to lower their net score .
tr	PRES	We request that the first thing you do after the officer meeting upon return is translate our volumes .
tr	PAST	Emily regarded him with concern .
tr	PRES	""" People will see that supporting such regimes causes people like me to occur , causes the hatred that spawns our activities ."
tr	PRES	""" No one likes to be rejected , Mad . """
tr	PAST	She stood facing him , sword arm extended down and to the side .
tr	PRES	Tad pops open a bag of chips .
tr	PAST	""" Not far to go "" , his companion grunted ."
tr	PAST	A swarm of fireflies floated like animated stardust over the ingress of hanging vines .
tr	PAST	He gently caressed my cheek with his finger .
tr	PRES	"That occurs in about 75 % of patients . """
tr	PRES	Chisholm rips a corner off a roll and pops it into his mouth .
tr	PAST	Bobby slowed his wave .
tr	PRES	I bat my eyelashes .
tr	PRES	The cop talks at the same time as Mel .
tr	PAST	Then he rummaged in his bag for new tools , and I tried not to picture a needle and thread .
tr	PRES	' Still he tries to be virtuous . '
tr	PRES	""" Don 't make the affair more disagreeable than it need be , Lydia ."
tr	PRES	She lays a pan on the stove and ignites the flame .
tr	PAST	""" I boxed everything up and brought it to the cottage for Lauren . """
tr	PRES	Ahead , the hurtling Crewe wraps his gun into position to cover Cy .
tr	PRES	' OK then , Judas .
tr	PAST	She desired a loving kiss before class like Joan received .
tr	PAST	Stark , white piles of paper created a perfectly ordered checkerboard atop the dark wood .
tr	PRES	""" Let 's go swim . """
tr	PRES	He opens his door and both officers flash their badges at him .
tr	PRES	Get back in the house , you idiot !
tr	PRES	""" The crocodile ? """
tr	PAST	The door screeched as the warden pushed it open wide .
tr	PAST	""" Show me , "" he rasped ."
tr	PRES	Friedrich glares at him .
tr	PAST	The evidence piled up and he forgot about sleep .
tr	PAST	I stomp the soil with my boot toe , nodding and smiling with fun playfully like , before .
tr	PAST	"Dennis stiffened and said , "" Who ? """
tr	PRES	She winks and lightly blows on her nails again .
tr	PRES	""" Ummm ... "" The girl begins to squirm in her seat ."
tr	PRES	Chapter 10 Jessie She was stalling .
tr	PAST	She secured the figures from last night 's auction from him .
tr	PRES	In America , Italy , even here on this beautiful tropical island , hospitals stank of antibacterial cleansers and fear .
tr	PAST	Her guards slowed and cleared their throats , alerting the prince to their presence .
tr	PAST	She massaged her temples and groaned .
tr	PRES	She pushes her hair behind her ear .
tr	PRES	Or worse , she would cast him pitying , disgusted glances the entire time they worked .
tr	PAST	James caressed her cheek , smoothed her hair .
tr	PRES	She chokes on a laugh and then lowers her head toward my chest .
tr	PAST	Paul estimated that they had made it out just in time .
tr	PAST	Then I measured off some more distances and did some more quick arithmetic .
tr	PRES	""" You can 't stop me , "" I protest ."
tr	PAST	Without really thinking about it , I sling my arm around her shoulders .
tr	PAST	Motions clipped , Atlas tore his shirt over his head and tossed the material aside , revealing his chest , the ropes of his stomach .
tr	PAST	The doorbell chimed again .
tr	PRES	All those bits of plastic bag and stuff tangled up in the fence , she wove them in on purpose .
tr	PRES	"No one bothers an old woman . """
tr	PRES	A man who has devoted all his life to the service of the Lord and the Temple , and now joins this sect of heretics .
tr	PAST	As Rachel looked up into his eyes , a wide grin split her face , making Adriane look back with suspicion .
tr	PRES	"I assume you heard about Noah ? """
tr	PRES	Skye 's mouth opens so wide that I fear her jaw might come unhinged .
tr	PRES	This time my heart completely stops .
tr	PRES	Even the skin loses some of its glow .
tr	PAST	When they opened again , the relaxing breath proved to be futile .
tr	PAST	Vin regarded the bundle with curiosity , and he handed it to her with a smile .
tr	PRES	The first person begins to scream and my body cringes at the sound .
tr	PAST	While his mouth consumed hers she palmed the muscles of his back , his buttocks , his strong thighs .
tr	PRES	""" I 'll just get some extra sheets , "" she mumbled as she all but sprinted for the supply closet ."
tr	PRES	"As we stopped moving , still clutching each other , I heard someone downstairs say , "" Hello ? """
tr	PRES	I connect needles with reviving from death and always hate them because of this .
tr	PAST	""" Hello to you , too , "" she chided as she brought her exercise gear to the laundry room ."
tr	PAST	""" We 're going to do this , "" Lucas stated ."
tr	PAST	She sped away , her dark hair flying behind her , her thighs clenching the powerful animal beneath her .
tr	PRES	""" Sugar pie , my ass , "" she says , then storms out ."
tr	PRES	But when the flavor beads dissolve , the gum soon tastes like shower curtain .
tr	PAST	More volunteers erected temporary housing , hammers and saws echoing while dump trucks hauled away debris from fallen structures .
tr	PAST	"her voice pierced through the din of mingling civilians who fell silent , "" It 's time to start moving ."
tr	PRES	""" ' Very well , "" she mumbled , and they headed for their rooms ."
tr	PRES	""" And how on earth will that prove his guilt , Becky ?"
tr	PAST	Raffaello Palazzo 's voice rumbled through the air causing Ari to jump in her seat .
tr	PRES	Not even Ryan , the eternal optimist , tries to say anything to lighten the mood .
tr	PRES	""" You don 't look as if you 've ever been happy , "" she mumbled , her cheek resting on his back again ."
tr	PAST	He received word from the CTA that no air traffic was in their immediate vicinity but there were rainy conditions .
tr	PRES	He gazes at me with a mysterious twinkle in his eye .
tr	PRES	I recall it 's narrow but the traffic is slow enough they can usually work around us well enough .
tr	PAST	I freed up one of my hands and opened the sliding glass door then stepped through and shut it behind us .
tr	PAST	The woman hooked her thumb toward the bus stop far from where the drama had taken place .
tr	PRES	In the sky beyond it , stars shone faintly next to a crescent moon .
tr	PAST	"Several voices yell out from the radio , "" Kick it ! """
tr	PAST	The phantom shaft plunged deep into my belly , bringing its fire to my stomach and kidneys .
tr	PRES	More soldiers arrive -- they 've got a horse .
tr	PAST	The other one leaped onto Levi , got his arm around Levi 's neck , and held something against it .
tr	PAST	The vast anonymous throng of dancers provided a sort of instant protective covering for them .
tr	PRES	""" A nap ? """
tr	PAST	She practically crawled into my lap , and I chuckled .
tr	PAST	The captain fanned his fingers out from his left palm and the rest of the squad sealed off the studio area .
tr	PAST	Astrid retracted her blades and dropped to the ground before the troll could catch sight of her .
tr	PAST	And that whatever this thing is , I destroyed the planet ?
tr	PRES	The victim breathes the mist in , and it takes a while for it to get into his blood .
tr	PRES	He offers a jerky nod .
tr	PAST	""" Do it , "" she instructed the soldiers and at once they ran for the exits , hunting out other survivors ."
tr	PRES	I snuggle into his muscular chest .
tr	PRES	"' Tis probable that a period of calm reflection will do much to make the matter clear . """
tr	PAST	I risked a glance behind me and saw more than one gigantic talon blink into existence .
tr	PAST	""" He 's not all that bad , "" she lied ."
tr	PRES	""" She hates me and is bent on revenge but she wants to hurt me through you ."
tr	PAST	The stone walls dimmed the light of the sun , and the air chilled .
tr	PRES	""" And even today he uses this technique in his Dreamscape ."
tr	PRES	As we draw nearer , the sight before us freezes us in our tracks .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Noah , and his friend started crossing the room toward him .
tr	PAST	White , to the Japanese , represented death , and gaudy wrapping paper was unacceptable .
tr	PAST	Rusty slapped his thigh , and all the leprechauns laughed like this was the best joke they 'd ever heard .
tr	PRES	""" What a shame . """
tr	PAST	He unclipped the back of the jeep and opened a box shoved inside .
tr	PRES	The parasite affects their brain in such a way that they do that .
tr	PRES	""" Please forgive me , Harmonia ."
tr	PRES	Stepping forward , he offers Storm his arm .
tr	PAST	The hood prevented her from seeing his hair , but she thought it was close cropped .
tr	PAST	His heart sped up a bit .
tr	PRES	""" Then lets see if we can do something about that ."
tr	PAST	She prayed that Mary would still be alive .
tr	PAST	He immediately provided the map of the room for her .
tr	PAST	Doc stifled a yawn .
tr	PRES	""" Now your death begins . """
tr	PRES	""" And you belong to me . """
tr	PAST	She caressed the muscled arm encircling her and rolled over .
tr	PAST	He sped through the night , his only thought of getting to her before she was harmed .
tr	PRES	Feeling a little bit despondent she logged into her social media accounts to see what had happened since she last checked them on Thursday night .
tr	PRES	Again , nervous whispers at the mention of the McGill .
tr	PRES	""" About the army getting bigger as it marches . """
tr	PAST	She exhaled before turning on her heel and stomping past him toward the kitchen .
tr	PAST	""" He dumped you ."
tr	PAST	She rivaled Angel 's sweetness as far as he was concerned .
tr	PAST	A swell of dust arose .
tr	PRES	Apparently , that one simple move momentarily melts his resolve and for a second , his tongue meets my neck .
tr	PAST	The dance required that someone be the hunter and someone else be the hunted .
tr	PAST	Louise phoned the neighbour and quickly explained what Joyce was going through .
tr	PRES	""" You disagree ? """
tr	PAST	She faked down and to the left and then came back up to hit a man in the head with the flat of her blade .
tr	PAST	I still mourned him , for he had been a good companion .
tr	PRES	Blood streams freely , driving them to greater excitement .
tr	PAST	Ryan eyed her pensively but she could tell he approved of her decision .
tr	PAST	Nick yawned as his exhaustion caught up with him .
tr	PRES	""" The mayor likes to keep his indiscretions discrete . """
tr	PRES	""" What chick ? """
tr	PAST	She crouched down , saw the thick congealed blood shining black in the mist , and covered her mouth .
tr	PRES	In the Health Centre there .
tr	PRES	Steam rises over the brim as she blows on the liquid .
tr	PRES	The room shrinks with each gasp , but I want him .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his cool nose against my neck , causing another stirring deep within me .
tr	PRES	I race across the parking lot , but she cranks the engine before I 'm even halfway to her car .
tr	PRES	"Eventually , everyone hears enough of it to start believing there must be some truth in it . """
tr	PRES	""" Just relax . """
tr	PRES	""" Following a tight meal plan helps control his blood sugar . """
tr	PAST	"So , I slapped her , straight across the face . """
tr	PRES	"We preach Christ crucified as the way to heaven is the defining doctrine . """
tr	PAST	And all thought of anything else fled his mind .
tr	PRES	"Made more than a couple of noses bleed back in the day . """
tr	PAST	""" Wow ... "" He exclaimed at my gift - "" Alice in Wonderland "" ."
tr	PAST	His body froze , every muscle tight , every tendon ready .
tr	PRES	"She never ... woke up from her coma . """
tr	PAST	He propped up on his elbow and stared into her green eyes .
tr	PAST	The crisp , purified air of the office matched the clean , smooth walls .
tr	PRES	He grinned and pushed himself off the red hood and gracefully sauntered over to where I stood , my jaw resting on the pavement .
tr	PAST	Snakes coiled along twisted limbs , hiding among blossoms drenched in rain .
tr	PRES	""" No she isn 't , Dare ."
tr	PRES	""" Oh , your highness ."
tr	PAST	""" Com ' on then , fugly , "" Andy taunted , waggling her blades in warning ."
tr	PAST	He treated the computer like another person .
tr	PAST	Edward tipped back his head and laughed .
tr	PRES	Failing to see the coming swarm until the last second , the boy sees Mai 's strategy too late to opt out .
tr	PRES	"' ' You okay sis ? """
tr	PRES	""" Because it holds out the possibility of enhancing talent . """
tr	PRES	He loves to go for walks .
tr	PAST	He stated that with emphasis and a slight shrug that told her he wasn 't going to argue her skill set any longer .
tr	PRES	""" He loves me ."
tr	PRES	""" What brings you by today ? """
tr	PRES	More mycelia then sprout out of the ant , and securely anchor it to the plant substrate while secreting antimicrobials to ward off competition .
tr	PRES	His heart rate , recorded on the monitor in front of Amar , rises and rises , like a bird taking flight .
tr	PRES	Unlike the black screen , they provide a view of two streets that I don 't recognise .
tr	PAST	Michael hopped over the couch and ran into the bedroom .
tr	PRES	No life passes as symbol only , without a purpose behind it .
tr	PRES	Who carries a dime ?
tr	PAST	She blinked up at him , her big blue eyes softer now , more aroused than worried .
tr	PAST	""" You can 't help someone who doesn 't want it , Jackson , "" Liv urged ."
tr	PRES	"No , 'cause everyone hears you when you talk . """
tr	PRES	"You belong to me , and I 'm going to see to it that you never forget it . """
tr	PRES	He offers another quick embrace and buries a kiss over the back of my head .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	The light dimmed and wavered .
tr	PAST	""" Interesting , "" Lavina grunted as they lifted it to the bench top and pulled away the newspaper ."
tr	PRES	""" A good one , but she has to be smart , ok MJ ? """
tr	PAST	Every objection from Lion only served to increase my frustration .
tr	PRES	The captain returns to his little boat as Damien and I step from the dock to the white sand .
tr	PRES	On the right , the foyer opens up to a huge living room .
tr	PRES	Dad slams around the barn for a few more minutes while I feed Tequila a carrot .
tr	PRES	""" That woman owes her life to you . """
tr	PAST	""" Of course it 's from Ian , "" Emily urged ."
tr	PAST	The wolves crouched together in instinctive synchrony , their hind legs tensing to leap .
tr	PRES	Carter brings her hands up and covers her mouth without bothering to finish her sentence .
tr	PRES	Fruit never falls far from the tree .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed as I pulled her into an embrace .
tr	PAST	The other guard saluted him and moved before the crowd .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , I assume that I was . """
tr	PRES	"Girls ' blood always tastes sweeter , especially when they 're young . """
tr	PAST	He flicked the power switch .
tr	PAST	Tick slapped at his dad 's face with cupped hands , like a dog digging for a bone .
tr	PRES	Tammie begins to cry .
tr	PRES	"Well I I 'm so sorry , Bella . """
tr	PRES	""" He likes the research best , but he doesn 't mind the teaching ."
tr	PRES	""" And very secretive ."
tr	PRES	""" Blood and severed limbs . """
tr	PRES	A shy smile curves his mouth as he watches her out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PAST	This lottery dictated who would live and who would die .
tr	PAST	she shrieked , and even though the sky was blue and clear , thunder rumbled through the air .
tr	PAST	""" I 'll be back as quickly as I can , "" I lied ."
tr	PRES	With a wink , Cronus whistled loudly and stepped back as the hell hounds pounced forward , their muscles pulsing with strength and determination .
tr	PRES	"For another , he loves you . """
tr	PAST	I motioned toward where the trees were thickest , and we maneuvered our way over , managing to find a dry place despite everything .
tr	PAST	And then I ascend into the clouds .
tr	PAST	She giggled when her back hit the wall .
tr	PRES	He sighs and then leans in , presses his body against mine .
tr	PAST	Thinking of his failure with the Black Dwarf , Jack doubted his ability .
tr	PRES	He mistook the fabric of his suit for his own skin , itching a thick seam over his elbow .
tr	PAST	She acted as if Rachel was really a ghost that was haunting people .
tr	PRES	The day passes , my muscles ache , and at night Echo lies six feet away and cries quietly to herself .
tr	PAST	Those created after them witnessed this .
tr	PRES	Smiling , he opens his mouth , like he wants me to give him a fry .
tr	PAST	He slowed as he glanced at her .
tr	PRES	This scarcely contented Laurence .
tr	PRES	We arrive at her office , after walking through the series of hallways .
tr	PAST	Patrick motioned to his empty glass at the waitress that looked like she 'd been the inspiration for the Bavarian barmaid depiction .
tr	PRES	""" But ... isn 't that illegal ? """
tr	PRES	It glances towards my window and we make brief eye contact , just before the girl cuts out its eyes .
tr	PAST	' Thou hast performed thy mournful task most excellently , my Lord , ' I thanked him .
tr	PAST	Sasha trusted him to get her to where he wanted her safely .
tr	PAST	The small town appealed to her , coming from the overcrowded city with tall buildings and too many people .
tr	PAST	She replayed her last encounter with Everett , searching for clues she 'd missed .
tr	PAST	He scooted imperceptibly closer on the couch .
tr	PRES	""" Thanks for the information , Sasha ."
tr	PRES	Herr 'D on clapped loudly and bashed his fist against the carriage wall .
tr	PRES	Dev disappears back away from the gates and we 're left with a group of approaching Crawlers .
tr	PRES	A thick , dark anger begins to build inside me .
tr	PRES	""" The tracker serum - "" Adam nods , his eyes heavy , distraught ."
tr	PRES	He opens a drawer and pulls out a vinyl case , which he unwraps on the surface of the desk .
tr	PRES	Even more purely lovely , yet timeless as before .
tr	PAST	The license read , William Combs , and gave a Clay County address from the DOB I calculated he was 36 .
tr	PAST	"Looks Victorian , like mine . """
tr	PRES	""" Love , ha ."
tr	PRES	Evan stares at me for an eternity and pity surfaces in his eyes as he presses his lips together .
tr	PAST	It disconcerted her to have him laugh just then , a low , rumbling sound , as if her words amused him .
tr	PRES	The cocksucker deserves a good tossing .
tr	PAST	We never anticipated this will happen since the weather yesterday was so fine .
tr	PRES	Fred Klein hurried in , his pipe stem sticking up from the handkerchief pocket of his Harris tweed jacket .
tr	PRES	She lets me pull her into the library .
tr	PAST	Outright lied to him .
tr	PAST	Behind this regal figure shuffled a mustachioed chauffeur in a uniform of sky-blue velvet .
tr	PAST	Aly flicked a bean at Christopher 's head .
tr	PRES	"Just a generic sports bra . """
tr	PAST	Alexia inched toward her .
tr	PRES	""" Leah wasn 't hurt , "" Edward mumbled ."
tr	PRES	And in worlds beyond counting , you exist .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head , listening intently to the conversations around him , finally picking up the drift of what they were saying .
tr	PRES	A sluggish movement brings his eyes up to mine .
tr	PAST	""" I 've seen it before , Hank ."
tr	PRES	Never anger , happiness , sadness ... nothing besides tranquility and peace .
tr	PAST	Pushing herself to a sitting position , she swiped at her eyes with the back of her hand , then shook her head .
tr	PAST	Goose bumps emerged on her otherwise smooth flesh .
tr	PRES	He opens a drawer on his desk and takes out a thick book .
tr	PRES	As , Julia is speaking to him , his mind begins to open .
tr	PRES	Fox stands up immediately while Rian stands up too .
tr	PAST	He untied the rope , and Lawson pulled it back toward us .
tr	PAST	Though she believed this , in her eyes there still lingered some doubts .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	The words echo around the square and beyond as the mike amplifies my voice .
tr	PAST	Seven of Jake 's friends all squished themselves into that little front room - I could hardly breathe .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm glad that one of us does , "" Emma whispers ."
tr	PRES	""" You 're beautiful , "" Atlas whispered , his nose nuzzling her ear , practically purring ."
tr	PRES	"He deserves to miss me and wonder what I 'm doing . """
tr	PRES	"Reckon you 've come down in the world in your servant 's clothes , eh ? """
tr	PAST	My hand presses against his chest , but not to push him away , just to feel his heart racing beneath my touch .
tr	PAST	I scooted just enough to slowly drop down over his hardness , letting him slide inside of my hot sex .
tr	PRES	""" She loves the ranch , William ."
tr	PRES	He slides them into my wetness and he groans into my ear .
tr	PRES	He pushes it back at her .
tr	PRES	My hair falls out of its neat bun and strands of it stick against my face .
tr	PAST	"A few weeks later , your parents received an anonymous donation , enough to help them get their store up and running again . """
tr	PRES	""" No big tree , or road , or mile marker ."
tr	PRES	""" Sir Blakely ? """
tr	PRES	""" Does it involve computers ? """
tr	PAST	""" He treated my parents most selfishly ."
tr	PRES	The walls echoed to the clap , snap !
tr	PRES	""" Hey , "" he softly opens his eyes ."
tr	PAST	Richard claimed the band in question , Iron Oxide , possessed timeless classic values .
tr	PAST	Mentally , she slapped herself and rolled up her sleeves , trying , through her haze of tears , to be brave .
tr	PRES	He offers an assessing look , and his expression turns cagey .
tr	PAST	Of course , this triggered another piece of the security system that dropped another iron gate down in the middle of the section Adam was standing in .
tr	PAST	The image wavered , and the energy flowed back around the outline of my body instead of into my elbow .
tr	PAST	Amelie 's cool fingers adjusted the covers minutely - for Amelie , that was positively fussy .
tr	PRES	""" He definitely likes you ."
tr	PAST	When Tar found Angelica 's body , his sorrow deepened and he wept bitter tears and he cried out .
tr	PAST	It slowly rotated out of view and he thought little of it as he approached until the man 's head rotated out several inches into the companionway .
tr	PAST	He pulled up his personnel file and dialed Harris 's wife then he dialed his own .
tr	PAST	he inquired politely , noting the dark shadows under her tired eyes .
tr	PAST	She accented ' breakfast ' with her sweetest tone .
tr	PAST	Violet crouched beside him .
tr	PRES	Logan opens his mouth then shuts it as Brielle dives in on top , blanketing me with a hug .
tr	PRES	memories Sighing and shaking his head , he flips the chest over and shoves the lid open to claim his key .
tr	PRES	And find out about the other subs . '
tr	PRES	""" What a shame ."
tr	PAST	When I slide my hand under her chin to lift her face and she twists away , I clue in and mentally kick myself .
tr	PRES	He removes the helmet and shakes his head , dark hair falling into his eyes , a midnight blue dark enough to drown in .
tr	PRES	""" I saw your race , "" she beamed ."
tr	PAST	""" Upon my carefully created ' death ' the military seized all of my papers and experiments ."
tr	PAST	I fisted my hands and tipped my chin up .
tr	PRES	Being popular is not a negative but having it as the sole aim , removes the work from the sphere of art .
tr	PRES	""" And your clan protects him ? """
tr	PRES	""" Did you undergo the memory analysis ? """
tr	PRES	Elder slams his fist into the elevator call button .
tr	PAST	Or at least the version of him before The Shade destroyed him .
tr	PRES	He likes to keep tabs on everybody and have tags and numbers on them so he knows exactly where they are at all times .
tr	PAST	That spot on her right temple itched .
tr	PRES	""" Loosen up , Katie ."
tr	PRES	Uriah reaches for me , but Tobias sets a hand on his shoulder to stop him .
tr	PRES	Then the sky opens up to us , a white tornado bleeding gray at the edges .
tr	PAST	Abbott cocked an eyebrow and frowned .
tr	PAST	Then the beat and the motor dimmed , and the neighborhood returned to sleep mode .
tr	PRES	""" General , continue as planned ; total neutrality on this end until further developments occur ."
tr	PRES	He glances at Seth then back at me and his shoulder shifts forward as he wraps an arm around my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Her teeth gritted even tighter .
tr	PRES	Strings of lights twinkle from the canopy above us .
tr	PAST	No longer trusted the sixth sense she used in her relationships with people .
tr	PRES	""" Bad headache . """
tr	PAST	I thought about that and I said as he said , they ceased linking me to her .
tr	PAST	Scared , she tugged her hand from the sea monster 's grip , careless of the sharp claws .
tr	PAST	A grin tugged at her full pink lips , which in turn tugged at his self-control .
tr	PRES	Just leaning on the door opens the door !
tr	PAST	I am also faxing the letter he deposited with me at the time he executed the will .
tr	PRES	""" And your nails ."
tr	PRES	"But mom , I think maybe I screwed up this morning . """
tr	PRES	But the fear in her eyes practically reaches in and crumbles my spirit into twisted up bits .
tr	PRES	""" What if she sings to his blood as strongly as she sings to yours ? """
tr	PRES	""" It 's code word for he 's probably a lot more experienced , Pris ."
tr	PAST	Besides , I doubted that getting drunk would drown out these feelings that I 'd suddenly developed for Logan Quinn .
tr	PAST	He already mourned the game they would hunt , the animals who would die so savagely .
tr	PRES	March dives low on the other side , and they slice in unison as the monster makes a grab for me .
tr	PRES	""" Well , you 've said my name several times , "" he teased ."
tr	PRES	The air buzzes with energy .
tr	PAST	Stella shouted , her hands balled into fists at her sides .
tr	PRES	""" Breaking and entering , eh ?"
tr	PRES	The door knob rattles and it sounds like he kicks the door .
tr	PRES	"She tastes like hope . """
tr	PAST	His deep voice vibrated too close to her ear .
tr	PAST	They limped along now as fast as they were able down the gentle slopes of a pine forest in a slanting path leading steadily southwards .
tr	PAST	I freed the photograph nestled at the bottom of the box and handed it to Ashlyn .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver .
tr	PRES	She begins in Nathan 's bedroom by going through a tall chest of drawers .
tr	PAST	A thread bare carpet that shone a once regal pattern now supported the old man and his briefcase .
tr	PRES	"Sibyl loves Victoria Sponge so I made her one especially . """
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with emotion .
tr	PAST	I smacked his chest .
tr	PRES	Liz frowns at me .
tr	PRES	He whispers as if we 're in a conspiracy together .
tr	PRES	""" That tickles ! """
tr	PRES	""" Let me explain , "" he begins , his hands moving to mine ."
tr	PAST	The numbers on the indicator panel above the lintel glowed as the cabin on the left ascended into the fortress .
tr	PAST	He wavered for just a second before the weakness passed and he smiled .
tr	PRES	""" About a quarter mile from here . """
tr	PRES	Max points at himself and feigns surprise .
tr	PRES	"A boy touches you , and you mistake hormones for magic . """
tr	PRES	The smile fades from his eyes as he begins his performance .
tr	PAST	The publican 's wife chattered on , leaning on her hands until white ridges appeared on the sides of her palms .
tr	PAST	He grunted behind me .
tr	PAST	The arrow exploded and the snow ball was disintegrated showering both Frost and Bark with slush .
tr	PRES	I lean down next to him .
tr	PAST	Looking at the menu boards Raphael predicted an inferior supper to his mum 's French cuisine .
tr	PAST	"As she got more advanced ? """
tr	PAST	Carol screeched , raising her hand .
tr	PRES	Controls were lost , shipwrecked , lost in space , she remains unnamed .
tr	PRES	""" Caught you looking , "" Selena teased ."
tr	PAST	He sensed my hesitation and spoke .
tr	PRES	But still , my finger taps on .
tr	PAST	Bed , three meals a day , and hump provided if necessary .
tr	PAST	He nuzzled his nose against hers .
tr	PRES	He reaches for something on the top shelf , which is stacked with board games .
tr	PAST	No trees swayed in the breeze , no animals scampered in the forest , as if the world itself had come to a halt .
tr	PAST	The sure way he caressed and kissed .
tr	PAST	David steered Colby into the kitchen , then glanced back at Valerie , scowling at the suitcase in her hand .
tr	PAST	His intense gaze bore into hers , causing a pulse-pounding heaviness in her chest .
tr	PRES	""" Now you roam the world as an Immortal doing what ? """
tr	PRES	""" And you were right , "" Julie teased ."
tr	PRES	""" I think you have a one up on me when it comes to that , "" Mandi teased ."
tr	PAST	"Ardent "" s face now bore an expression of amused contempt that Vimes longed to remove ."
tr	PRES	"In a flash she peered up at me , "" What brings you hear my dear ? """
tr	PAST	""" Victory , "" the man scoffed ."
tr	PAST	The next hand Bradford split 8 's , and drew 18 and 17 , while the dealer showed 16 .
tr	PAST	inquired the officer with a mixture of curiosity and doubt .
tr	PAST	""" I got it , "" resigned Dmitri , returning to his seat ."
tr	PAST	Then he crawled beneath the covers he 'd arranged and closed his eyes .
tr	PAST	Sable attempted to shake off his grip , but couldn 't .
tr	PRES	He lies on the couch , just as he 'd been before the disaster , and stares at the flame and Elaine 's swollen face .
tr	PRES	Good to meet you , Mitch .
tr	PRES	I mutter curses as people move their cars out of my lane and go around me .
tr	PRES	The steel door creaks open , and I stand blocking Junie .
tr	PAST	At that , my phone beeped again .
tr	PRES	""" The success of our plan hinges on this , sweetheart . """
tr	PAST	She hopped on one foot .
tr	PAST	And I never lied to you .
tr	PRES	""" Harlin needs you , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	Nicole 's brows knit together as if she wished she could confirm Sara 's identity .
tr	PRES	""" Are you okay , Bride ? """
tr	PAST	Hank just designed it .
tr	PAST	The guy cuffed my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Rachel slapped a hand over her mouth .
tr	PRES	We traverse perhaps a hundred yards of pasture before we reach the end of the tether 's length .
tr	PAST	"He dealt us a hand , and now he wants to play . """
tr	PAST	The dust swirled up in the hard light .
tr	PAST	"she exclaimed "" But what was she doing up here . """
tr	PAST	My body jolted as the gates to the mansion opened .
tr	PRES	On four legs , he padded toward me .
tr	PRES	He parks on the seventh floor and we head for the entrance .
tr	PAST	Their merriment ceased abruptly , however , when , as one , they realized the precariousness of their position .
tr	PRES	Brandon points to me .
tr	PRES	All that loneliness and pain .
tr	PRES	""" Weird , very weird , "" mumbled Will , his brain trying to fathom what was going on ."
tr	PRES	Like the strike of lightning , Nash reaches in and snatches the keys from the ignition .
tr	PRES	""" Saved by another emergency "" he mutters rising ."
tr	PAST	His friends sensed Jake had become a pond covered with a fragile sheet of ice .
tr	PAST	The Sheriff exhaled and coughed lightly .
tr	PAST	This game of barter between them walled off the kind of hurt they 'd both been dealt at the hands of whimsical lovers .
tr	PRES	""" You helm a media company ."
tr	PAST	Two guys emerged from a bedroom , both shorter in stature .
tr	PRES	She beamed and gently took it from him .
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table , his hand shaking as he gives my hand a soft squeeze .
tr	PRES	The distinct sound of an ocarina floats through the air among the sparse insects and drifting leaves .
tr	PAST	""" Thanks for the advice , Mom , "" Sibyl uttered the expression of gratitude but her tone said very clearly she didn 't mean it ."
tr	PAST	Iris conjured an icicle missile and quickly sent it speeding toward the enemy .
tr	PRES	I scramble into my new togs , realizing they 've effectively isolated me from my old life in a surprisingly short time .
tr	PRES	How his repeated infidelities ate away at her heart until her son was left with the mangled remains .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone brightly .
tr	PRES	""" Until she returns . """
tr	PRES	He lets the words hang in the air .
tr	PAST	Topless with a hawk of swirling feathers tattooed on his chest .
tr	PRES	One of them points at Nihil , who now is leaning against the wall , absorbed in thought .
tr	PAST	He swiped his hand across his forehead , frustration making him want to yell .
tr	PRES	The cold air tingles on my skin as I step onto the porch , and the voices and music lower to a steady , unrecognizable hum .
tr	PAST	He dismissed her even as he was pulling the strap off his arm , making the blood pressure machine start beeping .
tr	PAST	For a long time , I battled with my parents about getting up for school .
tr	PAST	""" Sometimes I race stock cars down here ."
tr	PRES	I wipe my palms off on the hem of my shirt .
tr	PAST	Liz giggled and rested back into him .
tr	PAST	""" Still not a demon , "" I denied his allegation ."
tr	PAST	Her footsteps slowed as her mind and heart softened .
tr	PRES	My whole body twitches and my whole week replays in my mind looking for any happening that would 've bought me a ticket in her office .
tr	PRES	"Maybe , it terrifies you that she could be your downfall ; the one person who could take you down ? """
tr	PRES	""" Your Christmas presents ."
tr	PAST	So he withdrew slightly faster than they advanced .
tr	PAST	The thermometer beeped , and I removed it from his mouth .
tr	PAST	Brick squinted for a better view .
tr	PRES	The hostess approaches me .
tr	PAST	And Izzy cringed from the sound of cracking bones and watched Keita grip her hand and stomp her feet .
tr	PAST	They instinctively protected their faces from the bats that they knew would be at the twenty metre mark .
tr	PAST	He reiterated Mayor Fritz 's accusations with a few additions .
tr	PRES	"He glances briefly at me , then clicks on his mike and says , "" Yes ? """
tr	PRES	She removes an old painting of the castle from one of the lower shelves and reaches to the back .
tr	PAST	He squinted at her .
tr	PRES	"Just another weirdo . """
tr	PAST	I adjusted the sunglasses on my nose .
tr	PRES	That bots blue stripes , that one 's rigged grating -- they all had been part of my creations .
tr	PAST	If Carl had engaged in any street drugs , she doubted that his parents would have known about it .
tr	PAST	During this time , a man named Ashoka became king .
tr	PAST	He clasped his hands to his lips , trying very hard to stay composed .
tr	PRES	""" Our powers stem from nature ."
tr	PRES	The sound of my name being called brings me back to reality and I glance up to the front of the room .
tr	PAST	Satisfied , she pretended not to hear .
tr	PRES	Silver stops walking for a moment ; I look at Damien .
tr	PAST	"My cell phone vibrated in my pocket ; I flipped it open and answered , "" Merit 's House of Carpentry . """
tr	PRES	This choice does not erase the past , it changes only the future .
tr	PRES	""" ' Tis only crumbs , you silly thing . """
tr	PAST	""" The vampire bitch destroyed this body ."
tr	PRES	The head exploded in front of me , my ears ringing .
tr	PRES	""" Shut up , you little mutant . """
tr	PAST	A fire destroyed the inn in less than an hour .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , how delightful . """
tr	PRES	He arches his brow .
tr	PRES	The XV stands for Extreme Vehicle .
tr	PAST	I sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	He perused the audience , boasting a dangerous tale , and asked the crowd for silence and meditation to avoid injury .
tr	PRES	""" No ... "" "" Call him Chey ."
tr	PAST	My eyes roamed over a whole bookcase full of mystery novels .
tr	PAST	""" He might not have any plans , but I do , "" Dee stated ."
tr	PRES	Sean stops speaking , but continues to look at my lips .
tr	PAST	Cassius hopped down and offered me his hand .
tr	PAST	I chased leads all yesterday , but he was running like a rat from one hole in Atlanta to another because someone else was after him .
tr	PAST	He destroyed his own family to get what he wanted .
tr	PAST	He extended a large hand with a smile .
tr	PRES	She yawns , stretching her arms above her and I catch a glimpse of her bare stomach ; flat , tiny , and firm .
tr	PRES	The love and honor vows .
tr	PAST	I stripped off the sopping clothes and stood under the blast of hot water in the shower until it turned cold .
tr	PRES	""" Why borrow from her ?"
tr	PRES	"It lies with the board , and he who controls the board , controls the Company . """
tr	PAST	The wakeboard floated on its side in front of me as I crouched behind it with my knees spread .
tr	PRES	Then , I wash the rest of the makeup off my face .
tr	PRES	""" Carmine uses it a lot . """
tr	PAST	As Hannah settled against him , he stiffened involuntarily .
tr	PAST	Will reappeared in the foyer .
tr	PAST	Mortimer stiffened against her , and Sam smiled wryly when his gaze turned sharp on her face .
tr	PRES	It shone more brightly , the light nearly blinding me .
tr	PRES	""" A nap ? """
tr	PRES	Clothes , empty food wrappers and beer bottles littered the floor and tabletop surfaces .
tr	PAST	I clutched the bag to my chest .
tr	PAST	My universe shrank to the size of my body .
tr	PAST	His loose , straight jeans flattered his waistline .
tr	PAST	Silver produced his staff .
tr	PAST	The soldier slung the belt around Colton 's waist and clasped a chrome buckle in the front .
tr	PAST	She had on a slim fitting , navy striped long-sleeved shirt and baggy jeans .
tr	PRES	"My sister Louisa pens the funniest things . """
tr	PAST	""" And I advertised for riders to share , but no one was interested . """
tr	PAST	She shrieked as a hand grabbed her forearm .
tr	PAST	""" The tracks split here . """
tr	PAST	He sniffed his nose heavily and swallowed .
tr	PRES	""" Attempting to steal official Vatican correspondence , eh ? """
tr	PRES	If we say yes to one , it opens the door to another and another .
tr	PAST	He inhaled the steam deeply into his lungs .
tr	PAST	""" Standby , 532 , "" the dispatcher advised ."
tr	PAST	Before he 'd finished the last word , the lights flicked on .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed her .
tr	PRES	""" A Taser fits inside a purse ."
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and stared at me .
tr	PRES	She tries with tireless perseverance to shove me away , but I 've screwed my feet into the floor and become an impenetrable wall .
tr	PRES	""" He loves me ?"
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , "" I mumbled again ."
tr	PRES	""" Don 't you dare ... "" he whispers ."
tr	PRES	""" It helps you to get to know me better . """
tr	PRES	He slides several papers across to me .
tr	PRES	Finding a swimming pool on the upper deck surprised and pleased Camille .
tr	PRES	""" Me , too ? """
tr	PAST	Aboard a large patrol boat , Edward bore witness to the island 's slow destruction .
tr	PAST	Here , the law operated however he wanted it to .
tr	PRES	' You silly old man ! '
tr	PAST	""" We aren 't married -- Not a damn thing has been settled between us , "" he announced , as though this should be shocking news ."
tr	PRES	""" Coop ... "" She hates it ."
tr	PRES	And she approaches it , taking small , cautionary steps as though something in the back of her mind is warning her to stay away .
tr	PAST	""" Sure , "" Gregor mumbled , heading back to the kitchen to fix another ."
tr	PRES	After kissing Penny , I snuck Maryanne here .
tr	PRES	"And whatever Dare 's reasons , maybe he wishes the same thing . """
tr	PRES	I lean forward and put my forehead on my knees .
tr	PRES	Henry asked , his voice a quiet rumble .
tr	PRES	Garrett spun around , his back to the basement staircase as his eyes hardened .
tr	PRES	"Thanks for letting me crash here last night . """
tr	PRES	Nicholas ' hand on my arm causes me to jump .
tr	PRES	Fred bursts into the hall and comes striding toward me , just after I 've closed the door to his study .
tr	PRES	""" In Aspen ? """
tr	PAST	His eyes bore creepily into my skin and I wanted to rub my hands over myself to shed the feeling .
tr	PRES	""" SHOOT THEM NOW ! """
tr	PAST	Suddenly , Daniel regained the advantage by dropping down , rolling Frank over the top of him and out the opening .
tr	PRES	He mutters to himself , answering my question .
tr	PRES	He disappears through the door and I turn to say something to Nicole .
tr	PAST	He pushes me up the bed , his lips still curved , his eyes never leaving mine .
tr	PRES	""" I confess that I do not think much of it , Laura dear ."
tr	PAST	I stole the man she brought home to marry .
tr	PRES	""" Ellen just likes to give me a hard time . """
tr	PRES	""" A lot of the guys cheat on their wives , Kitten ."
tr	PAST	His tongue flicked out on an exploratory mission .
tr	PAST	Abruptly , she yawned .
tr	PAST	""" Another long frustrating night then ? """
tr	PAST	Lips curved into a conspirator 's smile , the woman plucked up a different pair .
tr	PRES	""" It belongs to a Blake Severin , but I do not believe he is involved . """
tr	PAST	Sasha extended his hand and shook the mayor 's , then the bank president 's .
tr	PRES	Cole reaches out and catches the meat before it hits the floor .
tr	PRES	His dad laughed , a mere sputter between heavy breaths .
tr	PAST	Anna 's almond shaped eyes glowed with happiness as Garcia approached her .
tr	PRES	' The El Greco resort . ' '
tr	PRES	"What ought I to do ? """
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Brant acted like he hadn 't heard the old woman .
tr	PRES	She stretches before descending the front steps and heads around the side .
tr	PRES	"Did you divorce Edward ? """
tr	PAST	""" You ambushed me and tried to rob me ."
tr	PAST	He charged towards the metal detectors while bewildered security personnel stared blankly at them both and scattered .
tr	PAST	Taking the pillow off my face , I squinted at her .
tr	PAST	When he reluctantly opened his eyes , her psychic scent still lingered , but he knew she was gone .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and if he could have seen her face right then he 'd have thought she was a volcano about to erupt .
tr	PAST	Something glass shattered as it hit the floor behind the clatter of what sounded like a small table .
tr	PRES	Something flashes in his eyes for a split second , then disappears .
tr	PRES	The Mog flips over me and goes smashing through a coffee table .
tr	PAST	Felix 's face soured .
tr	PAST	Ruth cleaned me up and then retreated with the doctor .
tr	PRES	A guard stands fifteen meters to my right , and another three are twenty meters to my left .
tr	PRES	""" Uh , 'cause I 'm a guy ? """
tr	PRES	When her arms drop , the tires squeal as we peel out .
tr	PRES	The bastard owes us big and he knows it .
tr	PAST	Lizzie edged backwards , her feet resting on the tip of the platform , glancing behind her to the other set of steps .
tr	PAST	Returning inside , I rummaged through my ditty bag retrieved from my airplane before departing Gulfport .
tr	PAST	Whenever he was drunk , he always accused her of cheating on him .
tr	PAST	His wide mouth curved into a surprisingly sweet smile , lighting his hawkish eyes and pressing a dimple into one hard cheek .
tr	PAST	Bright light pierced his eyes , causing the pounding in his head to intensify .
tr	PAST	With the other hand she twirled a curl of her hair , pulled it straight , then let it flop back onto her forehead .
tr	PRES	I wipe the tears from her face and offer a reserved smile .
tr	PRES	I sidestep and closed the refrigerator .
tr	PAST	With his enormous sword flailing , he protected the other half of the battlefield the same way that Raine did his .
tr	PRES	""" Because I wish not to relive it for a second , or a third , or a fourth , or you get the idea . """
tr	PAST	He served six months in juvie .
tr	PAST	He fisted his hands against his hips and stared out at the waves .
tr	PRES	A murmured hiss like the flecked exhalation of a snake .
tr	PRES	""" I have no more time for this , "" he whispers ."
tr	PAST	Webb predicted my face would fall by the way he said it .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , obviously amused at my eagerness .
tr	PAST	Chapter 2 Josephine inhaled the aroma of her lasagna with satisfaction as it baked in Jake 's oven .
tr	PRES	""" She hates me , doesn 't she ? """
tr	PRES	""" I love you , "" I murmur ."
tr	PRES	""" What the fuck ?"
tr	PAST	Seth charged up the stairs , kicking up dust with each step , leaving footprints on the dingy carpeting .
tr	PAST	He just acted like I was fully clothed and we went out swimming like it was no big deal .
tr	PAST	Saturday , December 21 Sam visited all the manufacturers who were working overtime to get his next shipment ready .
tr	PAST	He exhaled hard , and though she could see this was difficult for him , she needed more than a surface explanation .
tr	PAST	"She collected vintage clothes and vintage hats . """
tr	PRES	""" Uh ... sorry , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Tears pricked my eyes .
tr	PAST	She tensed for a moment , but as the movie began , he felt her relax and she eventually even rested her head back on his shoulders .
tr	PAST	Ezio hurled Sofia onto the driver 's seat , smacked one of the horse 's flanks , and leapt on after her .
tr	PRES	He never wears a watch ( his own rebellion against time , against watching ) .
tr	PRES	Amory whispered , clearly enraged .
tr	PRES	A screen shone in front of them , which showed them where all these events had taken place .
tr	PAST	Jordan extended his hand , his feet so sure against the jostling waves that could too easily send the priceless gem to the bottom of the bay .
tr	PAST	Macey cocked a perfectly plucked eyebrow .
tr	PAST	Sam shuffled back and then saw the menacing curve of his smile .
tr	PAST	He handled each person that came over to him with dignity and finesse regardless of whether they agreed with his policy changes or hated them .
tr	PRES	""" Du n no . """
tr	PRES	""" You 're welcome , "" Sabine mumbled as she jerked her head to the right to find Dante and Ryder fighting it out ."
tr	PRES	""" Let 's just get out of here , ok ?"
tr	PAST	He tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	""" All them doctors and priests ."
tr	PRES	When the body breaks down fat stores , it throws off a by-product called ketones , and that 's bad for the kidneys .
tr	PAST	As he lightly slid his hands from the swell of her breasts down to her hips , the wicked gleam in his eyes stole her breath .
tr	PAST	Princes , apparently , dreamed on a bigger scale .
tr	PRES	""" Warm seeps ? """
tr	PRES	A slow , unsteady breath eases from my lips .
tr	PAST	Billy suspiciously eyed Maria and Connor before excusing them from the event then resumed his conversation .
tr	PAST	""" Accompanied only by those he trusted best . """
tr	PRES	"Coming from the noble 's tent , a servant hears what the noble is saying , "" Who ? """
tr	PRES	""" The twelve , "" it said , "" long since gone to dust . """
tr	PAST	She squealed and swirled around .
tr	PAST	But when she pulled back , apprehension dimmed her eyes .
tr	PAST	""" You 're lying , "" the man on the right countered ."
tr	PRES	"While he rules , the Kingdom fades . """
tr	PRES	My stomach flips and I pray my face does not betray me with a blush .
tr	PAST	Frank slapped at another mosquito on his bare leg .
tr	PRES	I wipe a tear off my cheek .
tr	PRES	This explains the link between western medicine and eastern .
tr	PRES	He pushes me away and steps back .
tr	PRES	"And if Hephaestus meant it when he said he 'd be there for us always , no matter what - "" Aphrodite ? """
tr	PAST	""" Bugger , it looks like the sun is on the other side of that blanket , "" Ryan exclaimed out loud , but in a whisper ."
tr	PRES	When she raises her right hand to wipe her eyes , Verity lets out a small gasp .
tr	PAST	Because it was him or us now , and I 'd pick us every single time , no matter what it cost me in the end .
tr	PRES	"A team member whispers , "" I don 't see anything . """
tr	PRES	Raffaele glances over his shoulder at me , his gesture so smooth and regal that one could mistake him for royalty .
tr	PAST	When he was there , his stomach revolted .
tr	PAST	Mortimer once again proved his love for food by buying way too much .
tr	PRES	It whispers to me that everything will be okay .
tr	PAST	I stomped my foot .
tr	PAST	Ignoring me , his hand retreated back , and slowly took off his scarred mask .
tr	PAST	""" Hell , this bunch have already risked their lives ."
tr	PAST	Hilda pursued and launched a left to Lea 's face .
tr	PRES	Favourite food , schoolwork , hobbies -- I didn 't have even one while Sasuke had plenty -- and , basically , life .
tr	PAST	We treated you like a child and left you in the dark .
tr	PRES	""" Nothing , "" I murmur ."
tr	PRES	I grieve that so much that was good now festers in the tower .
tr	PRES	"The Amish store on the way to Libby sells a few of them . """
tr	PRES	Women with the longest , leanest , sexiest legs he 'd ever seen .
tr	PAST	The phone buzzed in the silence as I waited for her to say something .
tr	PAST	But getting there and finding majestic structures of stone and places of Buddha images untouched and present on walls and ceilings .
tr	PAST	The third highway split the distance between them , pushing Drew one direction and the Red Stinger another .
tr	PRES	Bits of beach glass add color to the pile .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER SIXTEEN Mary stands there , smiling .
tr	PAST	Thomas and Charles smacked his head on cue .
tr	PAST	He dove at her knees and tackled her from behind .
tr	PRES	Mother considers them with cool disdain .
tr	PRES	""" And forgive her . """
tr	PAST	We visited the temples of Castor and of the divine Julius Caesar .
tr	PAST	Starting the engine , Susannah barreled out of her parking spot and headed for the house , praying all the while that Chrissie was home .
tr	PAST	Mary Jo doubted she 'd stay asleep once the fireworks began .
tr	PAST	She held it out and from behind her a hand extended from the shadows .
tr	PRES	"With a sigh , he murmurs , "" Yeah , it 's relaxing , being out on the water , focused on an end goal ."
tr	PAST	We lingered after the game , getting food in a diner nearby , even trading our train tickets for a later ride home .
tr	PRES	""" Energetic pulses from the sun that sometimes hit the earth 's magnetic shield . """
tr	PRES	A moment passes before he gets it .
tr	PAST	""" Oh , my God , Amber , "" Helen uttered ."
tr	PRES	""" Apart of me wishes that we will have a chance to see each other again Edo ."
tr	PRES	The park only allows a certain number of canoes to be out on the water at one time , so Dane had to reserve them weeks ago .
tr	PRES	Makes yew despair of human nature , eh ? '
tr	PAST	A brutal arc from Scott 's sword severed the lower half of Dante 's left arm .
tr	PAST	Cassie leaped forward to place a restraining hand on Salvatore 's arm .
tr	PRES	""" Yeah , I guess , "" I mutter , not fully believing him ."
tr	PAST	The baby sobbed , not understanding the fear he sensed from those around him .
tr	PAST	Instead , it revealed a horror far worse than anything I ever could have imagined .
tr	PRES	""" Was it handwritten ?"
tr	PAST	I threaded my fingers through his , and he pulled me up .
tr	PRES	I reserve now only my sword ! '
tr	PRES	""" Mormon , "" he whispers ."
tr	PRES	The first taste of her tongue consumes me .
tr	PAST	""" Or value uniquely specific to an individual , "" Duncan countered ."
tr	PAST	His throat matched his surroundings .
tr	PRES	""" If for any reason something goes wrong , or you just feel uneasy about something , press zero on the phone and I 'll respond ."
tr	PAST	They destroyed the library .
tr	PRES	The geometric shapes flying toward him dissolved , and Pink Floyd 's Off the Wall suddenly came on .
tr	PRES	"Staring deep into my eyes , he whispered , "" Please don 't go , Angel ."
tr	PAST	""" Very important business , "" Thor urged , hoping the soldier would not press him ."
tr	PAST	He quietly unfolded to his feet .
tr	PRES	""" The ambassador wishes me to convey her admiration for your incisive questions this morning ."
tr	PRES	""" The way George brings in trophies nearly as big as he is , I thought he 'd be delighted with another rat . """
tr	PAST	She hopped up onto her feet and bumped her lip on the corner of the sink .
tr	PAST	Winston groped for a change of subject .
tr	PRES	""" At every given moment it belongs to that same time ."
tr	PAST	""" I lied , Bob . """
tr	PAST	Briefly she toyed with the idea of disappearing until after the baby was born .
tr	PAST	In half a minute a woman 's scream pierced their ears .
tr	PAST	I dialed his cellphone and waited for him to pick up .
tr	PRES	"chapter one "" Oh , God . """
tr	PRES	For as long as I live , my heart and soul belong to you and no other .
tr	PAST	This room proved darker than either one that they 'd occupied before .
tr	PAST	Tristan preferred to inflict his own pain .
tr	PAST	Terrance stomped on the gas pedal , but the truck didn 't respond .
tr	PRES	Step by step , she learns of her own destiny .
tr	PRES	I fish , I harvest scallops and clams .
tr	PAST	""" You 're very well spoken for a simple mountain man , "" Sophia accused ."
tr	PAST	His phone vibrated in his hand , scaring the crap out of him .
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the gut .
tr	PAST	""" You invested in the stock market at the beginning ? """
tr	PAST	The driveway split thirty yards in front of the house .
tr	PAST	In one swift movement , he hopped on the bike and kicked the kickstand into its socket .
tr	PAST	Knew he claimed more than her body in that moment .
tr	PAST	I smacked his thigh , but he wouldn 't stop staring .
tr	PRES	Joel storms out and Gavin follows after him .
tr	PRES	In general , I snap at him .
tr	PRES	""" The chapel crypt ? """
tr	PAST	Rita dreamed of being chased again .
tr	PAST	It smashed into Scylla instead , crushing his side under a ton of twisted , rusting steel .
tr	PRES	Another voice enters the fray .
tr	PAST	Her fingers itched to reach out and slowly slide over him , to see if he was as solid as he looked .
tr	PAST	RYAN awoke , a frown turning his lips downward .
tr	PRES	His voice cracks , but he quickly clears it and keeps going .
tr	PAST	He shuffled his feet .
tr	PAST	Then Amar taps the screen one last time , and Eric 's body relaxes .
tr	PRES	""" So ... "" Amelie prompted ."
tr	PAST	Romulus grunted in agreement .
tr	PRES	she demanded , pul ing herself out of the river .
tr	PAST	Darius was right in front of me , his nose mere inches from mine , his arms boxing me in .
tr	PAST	Lea circled around Luisa , who easily followed Lea , not letting her out of sight .
tr	PAST	""" Hurry , "" he motioned with his fingers ."
tr	PRES	The smooth voice causes chills to erupt down my arms .
tr	PAST	While Raja made space with the music , pictures of the victims and suspects floated in and out of view .
tr	PRES	She remembers the hunters she met .
tr	PAST	The man elbowed one of his companions , then took a step toward the street .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her necklace obsessively again .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't worry , bro ."
tr	PRES	The guard glances at us .
tr	PRES	""" Whatever you need , Kane ."
tr	PAST	""" Then even at a fast march it will take us the best part of a day to reach the camp , "" Wallace calculated ."
tr	PRES	""" Trust me Savannah . """
tr	PAST	Your friend Joe Torrey sensed it .
tr	PRES	Blood and gold thread .
tr	PRES	I straddle the saddle with ease in my split skirt while cradling my arms around his chest .
tr	PRES	""" How about the mayor ? """
tr	PRES	""" Sing something , Franois , "" she begged ."
tr	PRES	Reaching to my side , I pick up a knife , my hand unsteady as I put the tip to my forearm .
tr	PRES	The southeastern entrance holds the only route to the House of Cards .
tr	PRES	She points at the floor .
tr	PAST	He flicked the tip over her cl * t repeatedly , then sucked it gently into his mouth , exerting steady pressure .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head a little and reached out to her instinctively .
tr	PRES	To tempt us into attempting a rescue . '
tr	PRES	Water systems began to fail , food begins to spoil .
tr	PRES	A long mahogany table stretches down the centre of the room surrounded by huge leather chairs the colour of dirt and rust .
tr	PAST	She scooted closer and looked into his eyes .
tr	PRES	He stands and squares up to me .
tr	PAST	I marveled at how much Alexander enjoyed his food .
tr	PRES	All around us , the jungle falls quiet .
tr	PRES	""" Which brings up the disturbing realization that they 've probably known about this and weren 't telling me . """
tr	PAST	She glided her hand up and down him in fine , hot strokes .
tr	PAST	""" But you 're finished , "" Rashid announced emphatically ."
tr	PAST	He clasped his palms together and stared at me like he had at the car earlier ; he gazed right through me .
tr	PAST	He froze , and everything stopped when his hands met bare skin instead of panties .
tr	PAST	and the torment washed over him .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm sorry , "" Cy offers lightly ."
tr	PAST	He unfolded the paper carefully , and Munson saw newsprint .
tr	PRES	"No , please , "" Alaina imitated Sakura ."
tr	PAST	The heavy rock smashed solidly into Vernon 's mangled chest .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over his features and with trepidation he sits by me .
tr	PAST	""" Hans , you fed me too mush champagne , "" she slurred , stumbling into the dark room ."
tr	PRES	Quinn stops before we enter and hugs me .
tr	PRES	""" Another dragon ! """
tr	PRES	""" That pesky little case of yours ? """
tr	PRES	She whistled loudly and sharply , a piercing summons .
tr	PRES	""" Aunt Pol ! """
tr	PRES	""" Of all the dumb things to do , "" he murmurs , shaking his head ."
tr	PRES	"He wed not long after I arrived . """
tr	PRES	And in this sanctioned off arena , your mind begins to worry .
tr	PRES	""" What signal ? """
tr	PRES	When we finally get to my bedroom , I swing open the door .
tr	PRES	He points at the man on the left with a laser pen .
tr	PAST	""" Okay ... "" She inhaled a shaky breath ."
tr	PAST	""" You lied to Kat . """
tr	PAST	Pollard fiddled with the controls , and a moment later the screen changed to a pixilated broadcast of an empty street .
tr	PRES	""" Father , you fret too much over this ."
tr	PAST	I flattened her chest against it , pinned her arms above her head .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and concentrated harder .
tr	PRES	Chapter Three Seth shone his flashlight through the hole in the door .
tr	PRES	He stands up , offers me his hand .
tr	PRES	""" They 're staring at you , "" Tyler whispers , holding my hand ."
tr	PRES	A hungry predator who 'd just spotted prey .
tr	PAST	I doubted anyone was talking about how boring the last HR seminar had been .
tr	PAST	Her full lips curved .
tr	PRES	"I 'm so happy with you , here , with me , "" I sob ."
tr	PAST	She preferred to leave it at that , but her guilty conscience dragged out the detail she 'd been hoping to ignore .
tr	PRES	The weight returns with a crushing blow to my head .
tr	PAST	He clutched the plastic so hard it creaked in his grip .
tr	PRES	""" Bree , "" I said as fast as I could , stil gasping though the pain wasn 't there anymore ."
tr	PAST	His lips tickled my ear .
tr	PRES	A gentle , cool caress along my check brings me to the present .
tr	PRES	He deserves ... someone who shares his ideals .
tr	PRES	"Maybe humiliate them in the worst possible way . """
tr	PAST	She stiffened and turned to look at me .
tr	PAST	Eyes closed , face soaked with her own blood .
tr	PAST	With every noise , my sense of fear heightened .
tr	PRES	""" Please , "" the mother begged ."
tr	PAST	Kayla 's excitement lessened Angela 's anxiety about returning to Virginia City .
tr	PAST	Nobody in their right mind reversed at that speed .
tr	PAST	She stares at her mother in confusion .
tr	PRES	"In the meantime , he belongs with you . """
tr	PAST	Astrid crouched in the shadow of the cliffs , picking the day 's lesson apart in her mind .
tr	PAST	Chapter Nine My head jerked violently off the pillow , startling me awake from a fretful sleep .
tr	PRES	Maeve lets her arrow fly .
tr	PAST	A romantic mist meandered off the river and over the ground , swirling mysteriously in front of her .
tr	PAST	""" You never remarried ? """
tr	PRES	""" So goddamn beautiful . """
tr	PRES	""" That begs the obvious question . """
tr	PRES	Then he glances at me and gives a thumbs-up signal .
tr	PAST	They trusted Leppard despite his gruff demeanour and they all liked him .
tr	PAST	She saluted Brent and picked up the pace as she walked away .
tr	PRES	""" Did we say so , precious ?"
tr	PAST	I willed the tension , stress , and irritation to leave my body .
tr	PAST	""" I do too , Ryland , but I don 't honestly know whether or not what we feel is real or contrived by my father ."
tr	PRES	"When she didn 't answer , he prompted , "" Baby doll ? """
tr	PAST	Edwina thankfully pretended she hadn 't heard a thing .
tr	PRES	He pushes his sandy hair off his forehead .
tr	PAST	He petted the cat 's arched back and my eyes became more comfortable in the thin light .
tr	PRES	""" That jackass ! """
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat when he saw that it was his dad 's .
tr	PAST	I froze , thinking about it .
tr	PRES	""" What kinds of expenses ? """
tr	PAST	As he spoke , everything pitched slightly , including John himself .
tr	PAST	"announced a deputy , realising after he said it how obvious it was that no one by that name was there . """
tr	PAST	Alex gritted her teeth and turned her head back to watch the handsome surfer carry his board out to the water .
tr	PRES	He opens the fridge and puts his hand out like he 's Vanna White .
tr	PRES	She even lets me have wine with dinner every now and then .
tr	PAST	You know , I fantasized at least a thousand times about what I wanted to do to ruin your family like your brother and father ruined mine .
tr	PRES	"Back in the old days , when he was on nights all the time , he "" d known all the shades of darkness ."
tr	PAST	""" Thank you for gathering in an orderly manner so I can tell you what I 've been ... instructed to tell you ."
tr	PAST	The bell above the door chimed and when Carol glanced up , she nearly did a double-take .
tr	PAST	I trudged back to the alley where Robin was sitting glumly , his back propped against the fence on the side opposite the apartments .
tr	PAST	""" Let 's go to Contemporary , "" Ali announced ."
tr	PAST	""" Thank God , "" he mumbled , his eyes racing over her features like he was checking each and every one of them ."
tr	PRES	I shout across the field as I prepare myself to do something stupid .
tr	PRES	Nicholas falls to the ground motionless .
tr	PAST	Seeing her brother at the end of her bed , she crawled over the covers and circled her arms around him .
tr	PAST	I reflected with ironic mirth that this loss was comparatively easy to bear .
tr	PRES	We watched the twin engine turbo prop land and taxi toward us , its lights blinking .
tr	PAST	Fire engulfed his blade and lashed out in a wave , washing over a hundred of the inhuman warriors .
tr	PAST	As he did so , he pondered the realization that almost everyone he knew was now dead .
tr	PAST	Each featured a young man or woman .
tr	PAST	He sensed that he was beyond stark disruption , lying in the shallows of emotion , spent and quiescent .
tr	PRES	""" So ... you and Cooper ? """
tr	PAST	Gordon stomped out through the curtains .
tr	PAST	""" A hacked them , too ."
tr	PRES	I lean in , studying the energy readings , though I don 't know enough about it to draw conclusions .
tr	PRES	""" Got anything edible in here ? """
tr	PAST	Teddy 's blond hair and brown eyes mirrored mine .
tr	PRES	Robin holds her breath .
tr	PRES	Again , that surprisingly , gains a laugh from the group .
tr	PRES	Therefore the quest for a theory of everything , and its attainment , signals the end not only of history and science but also of philosophy .
tr	PAST	Her pupils shrank to their normal size and her legs shook with the effort of keeping her upright .
tr	PRES	But the upright always add unto their own account .
tr	PRES	""" Sorry luv . """
tr	PAST	' Never mind , ' he grunted .
tr	PAST	I adjusted my helmet and looked down at my camouflaged uniform .
tr	PAST	He regarded her without speaking .
tr	PAST	""" It 's not important , "" she lied ."
tr	PAST	His shoulders stiffened and all humour fled .
tr	PRES	He chuckles , a dark , possessive sound .
tr	PAST	Well aware of it , Newt tugged the sleeves of her red robe down to hide the scar tissue around her thin wrists .
tr	PAST	The sound cut through the low hubbub of the crowd and a rippling revealed Chris 's location as he made his way through the press of bodies .
tr	PAST	The Humvee rocketed toward the highway , churning mud and weeds .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her lids as she sank into the chair .
tr	PRES	He sighs with frustration , stands , and puts one hand inside his pocket .
tr	PAST	He flicked his second finger .
tr	PRES	Lina carries my son .
tr	PAST	I panicked as I realized he was slipping away from me .
tr	PAST	""" Well , you need to clear that to her then , "" she urged ."
tr	PRES	""" What the fudge ? """
tr	PRES	""" Isn 't it incredible ? """
tr	PRES	Two loud piercing bangs in quick succession brought her to her feet .
tr	PAST	Her fingers hooked onto Hugh 's vest , gripped , hauled .
tr	PAST	""" I-I didn 't hear you tell them to go , "" she exclaimed ."
tr	PRES	Her fingers fold around my ribs as I hold the journal up , turning it to the page that I marked .
tr	PRES	Hopping down the massive individual steps , Rift reaches the base of the floating island , suspended by some unknown force .
tr	PRES	Bright light shone up from below , and there was the buzz of human voices and - she shuddered - the barking of dogs .
tr	PRES	Bouncer 's sudden outburst rattles me .
tr	PAST	A series of rough stalagmites circled the chamber .
tr	PRES	"If you leave before the green light , then the red light flashes . """
tr	PRES	It wraps me up and holds me close , still warm from his body .
tr	PAST	I dialed , but it went straight to voicemail , her phone deadened .
tr	PRES	Holly glances at me .
tr	PAST	"The man persisted , "" Mister , this watch here , it cost me three hundred dollars ."
tr	PRES	""" I got it , "" she whispers , flicking the errant sesame seed quickly to the floor ."
tr	PRES	Robbie stops talking , holding his breath to see how his grandfather will respond .
tr	PRES	She lies on her stomach .
tr	PAST	As Connor leaned back in his chair and looked at the starry sky , Harrison pondered the question .
tr	PRES	""" I assume you mean the temperature . """
tr	PAST	Logan hopped from one foot to another .
tr	PAST	Starting at the strong column of his neck , she unbuttoned , delighting in each inch of toned , tanned chest coming into view .
tr	PAST	I phoned Chet to let him know I was coming .
tr	PAST	Each cowered in his own corner , yelping with each swing of the troll 's fists .
tr	PRES	Still , she tries .
tr	PAST	Jen marveled , rubbing her hands together and hugging herself to restore some warmth .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	"My therapist reiterated , "" Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm . """
tr	PRES	""" We assume he got help from a fellow prisoner . """
tr	PRES	""" Prisoners of war , or murderers - "" "" Surely not ! """
tr	PRES	Hanging up the telephone , he wraps his arms around me .
tr	PAST	We crouched as a harpy flew only a foot above our heads , sending Connor into a fit of tears .
tr	PAST	Her blonde locks bounced angrily with her bobbing head as she walked the shoes to the ornate bronze trash can in the kitchen .
tr	PRES	He sings so well with village women and knows almost everything about farming .
tr	PAST	I hooked my arms over one of the black shutters so I would have a better grip and to take some of the pressure off my legs .
tr	PAST	She clutched the jacket around her , something twisting inside of her at how gentlemanly he was being .
tr	PAST	She collapsed , now silent , barely breathing , unmoving .
tr	PAST	"I quit two weeks ago . """
tr	PRES	From above , a tiny LED beam signals briefly down the center shaft of the squared spiral staircase .
tr	PRES	He remembers another campfire setting like this one , back when he was nineteen and in his first week in Vietnam .
tr	PAST	She quickly donned the apron again .
tr	PRES	""" To feed your pride , obviously . """
tr	PAST	I acted quickly , doing the first thing that came to mind .
tr	PRES	A petite woman with long luscious jet-black hair standing behind the cash register .
tr	PRES	She snorts a laugh .
tr	PAST	It named the evil , though I cannot pronounce it in writing .
tr	PAST	"This is all not about that , anyway , "" Dave stated ."
tr	PAST	"It would have risked all their lives . """
tr	PAST	For half a second , my mouth mirrored his , but then it quickly disappeared .
tr	PAST	She flung her cloak over the back of a chair and sat as well .
tr	PRES	I wipe away his tear with my thumb and I do the only thing I can think to do because I have no idea what to say .
tr	PRES	Like I was , and I can see it all unfolding again .
tr	PRES	Lucas brings the telephone next to his ear .
tr	PAST	I risked a look over my shoulder and saw a policeman coming .
tr	PRES	He pops two into his mouth .
tr	PAST	"After that I stumped out of the room but could hear him screaming soprano . """
tr	PRES	"Today we witness the end of not only your boyfriend , but of your father and your people ! """
tr	PRES	Whatever it is , it 's hot , it tastes good , and it makes his stomach stop growling at him .
tr	PRES	"For now , the question remains , Who hired her and why ? """
tr	PAST	Serenity tensed , her body hard and unwelcoming , but Jackson ignored the physical messages and kissed her face with frantic , hard pecks .
tr	PAST	Steve stares at it in bewilderment as if he is seeing the sunrise at midnight .
tr	PAST	Tires squealed on the pavement as he launched forward .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Hargrove sighs and shakes her head at Fred .
tr	PAST	I filled her in on what I 'd learned the day I visited her mom .
tr	PAST	Guy eyed the man threateningly ; the man lowered his head timidly and returned to crunching whatever numbers he had been buried in .
tr	PAST	Claire inhaled through her nose , controlling her temper with effort .
tr	PAST	Duncan elected to wait until the morning to plan the next action .
tr	PAST	She wagged her finger at Nick .
tr	PAST	The back window shattered behind her .
tr	PAST	She seized Ethan 's arm and led him to a dining room .
tr	PRES	Running around the deck , Lucas quickly stops .
tr	PRES	""" That pretty much describes it , yes ."
tr	PRES	""" The tattoo , Cooper , Inhale the future , exhale the past ."
tr	PAST	His light blue eyes pierced into them with the harshest of stares .
tr	PAST	Giselle reported an incoming ship from the direction they had just come from .
tr	PRES	Many in the coliseum bow their heads and many more have tears in their eyes .
tr	PRES	""" The alley . """
tr	PAST	Dewi looked at her with disbelief , the tabloids never reported her to be so beautiful .
tr	PAST	Luther plopped it all into the back of the Caddy and glanced at the children in the corner .
tr	PAST	I stole another glance at him .
tr	PAST	""" I could probably get you a loan , but the interest rate might be pretty high for such a high-risk operation , "" Sven joked ."
tr	PAST	My entire body froze and he continued downing the rest of the liquid in his bottle .
tr	PAST	It immediately dumped her call into voicemail .
tr	PRES	""" Yeah , "" I add , stating the obvious ."
tr	PAST	Shivers tickled her spine .
tr	PRES	She stretches over and turns on the lamp on the nightstand .
tr	PRES	""" The bite either kills you ... or changes you . """
tr	PAST	A wry smile curved Dean 's lips .
tr	PRES	"What a bunch of pricks . """
tr	PRES	"He likes soccer , too , and baseball and Xbox . """
tr	PRES	I arc my burger wrapper into a trashcan a few feet away .
tr	PAST	But something still chased her .
tr	PRES	""" Tonight we initiate twelve new Cadogan vampires ."
tr	PAST	And that troubled her , especially since she knew the cause .
tr	PRES	He loves you ; you know that .
tr	PAST	""" Friends make the best lovers , "" Cecelia countered ."
tr	PAST	They reduced the charge to disorderly conduct and I got a big fine and time served .
tr	PRES	"Not Mister Vimes . """
tr	PRES	He points a finger low against the table .
tr	PAST	She padded out of her bedroom and headed down the hall .
tr	PRES	""" Zip lining ? """
tr	PRES	I about freaked when I saw Evan and Sara returning together .
tr	PRES	Serena tries her hand at another arrow .
tr	PAST	She bounced Hannah on her lap .
tr	PRES	He holds up four fingers .
tr	PRES	Jase begins unpacking a shipment of nails .
tr	PAST	They dumped the barrel of freshly cleaned fish with similar contempt .
tr	PRES	Marlene 's boyfriend of course rises to the top of the list .
tr	PAST	""" Dad probably passed out , "" she joked to herself , then he heard Ted 's footsteps on the landing ."
tr	PAST	Derrick leaped to his feet and smacked his head on the curve of the bucket .
tr	PRES	""" Ah , there you are , your highness ."
tr	PAST	While he untied it , she teased him further , following him to the open door .
tr	PRES	Carson , Alexei , Daphne .
tr	PAST	It featured a drop dead gorgeous young woman , with a medium dark complexion , and wavy hair that split the difference between brown and black .
tr	PRES	""" Of course you do , "" I mutter ."
tr	PRES	"If we happen upon anything , slay it without question , Herr 'D on . """
tr	PRES	"I assume he 's already behind bars . """
tr	PRES	""" Please , "" I begged to her back , although I really didn 't know what I was begging for ."
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands around his face and lowered her lips to his .
tr	PAST	I jabbed my finger at the group of men because my brain had gone fuzzy and words were failing me .
tr	PAST	I charged down the hall toward the staircase , shielding my head with my arms .
tr	PAST	His gaze lingered on it for a moment before roving over the rest of the beach .
tr	PAST	You probably thought that was from our past lives , well it wasn 't , I painted that .
tr	PRES	It also helps us to become a responsible citizen .
tr	PRES	She begins to cry again softly .
tr	PAST	I inched even closer , hating that I was kind of spying on her , but not able to stand not knowing .
tr	PAST	He smashed into the middle of a pillar , cracking it in half .
tr	PAST	I stiffened and stayed still , refusing to turn around .
tr	PRES	He pushes a stick in my direction .
tr	PAST	I thanked her , and hung up .
tr	PAST	No , please no , she prayed silently , don 't let that be Cliff .
tr	PAST	Using a floodlight to point to various areas of the sky , she described the world above .
tr	PAST	A hundred colors painted patterns in the sky .
tr	PAST	Zane cocked his head at me and I reached over and slapped his hand .
tr	PAST	Amy dismissed the rage she saw flash across his face .
tr	PRES	"What underground rooms ? """
tr	PAST	The beeping machines quieted a bit .
tr	PRES	Most newcomers bide their time .
tr	PAST	He scribbled on a slip of paper and handed it to me .
tr	PRES	""" Calm yourself , lass . """
tr	PRES	""" Your ancestor ? """
tr	PAST	She measured the alleyway for an escape and made sure no one else was watching her .
tr	PAST	She hopped closer , stepped down on one pant leg , and lost her balance ; her ankle twisted .
tr	PRES	Cole glances back at me and gives a bitter laugh .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and swiped at her eyes .
tr	PRES	"Are the spiders your tame beasts or your pets , if killing them makes you angry ? """
tr	PRES	""" You ok ? """
tr	PAST	My father scoffed and began to chuckle .
tr	PAST	This proved difficult , for the dragon was very curious about the rain , and kept spreading his wings to feel the water beating upon them .
tr	PAST	A cruel , cruel grin curved his face .
tr	PAST	They provided visions of the future , as well as leadership and wisdom .
tr	PRES	""" World Series ? """
tr	PRES	The full moon shone brightly on the beach , and the party goers spread out in all directions along it .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , "" Liam frowns ."
tr	PAST	He thanked her and ate heartily .
tr	PRES	Then it stops and heavenly euphoria sweeps over me .
tr	PRES	"Just hope he likes the new one as much . """
tr	PRES	He offers his hand and James takes it .
tr	PRES	He opens his eyes to the same emptiness of the tilted house with its half coat of white paint .
tr	PAST	Her friend obtained the autographs she wanted .
tr	PRES	Messick opens the report and finds the page he wants .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , Mr. Edwards , thanks for getting back to me ."
tr	PAST	She wriggled on his shoulder in an attempt to make him put her down .
tr	PRES	He throws his hands up and my body flies in the air , slamming against the ceiling .
tr	PAST	She exploded into loud racking sobs , so violent her body convulsed with each wet bark .
tr	PAST	Chris lifted a dark blond brow , his sapphire eyes twinkled with amusement .
tr	PRES	He removes my hands and pushes me once again .
tr	PRES	""" What about Princess ? """
tr	PAST	""" You faked making out on the end of the dock at the party last Friday ?"
tr	PRES	""" Well , he sort of favors Riley . """
tr	PRES	Then I lean against the cellar wall , retracing the events of the last day .
tr	PAST	""" What about you , Spook ? """
tr	PRES	My gaze fel to Caleb .
tr	PRES	""" I dropped them , "" I mumbled and turned to flee into the shower ."
tr	PRES	Blythe gasps as one of the glowing red beams strikes Olivia , causing her to fall to her face , stunned .
tr	PRES	Since she 's the mother I always wanted , I oblige .
tr	PAST	The line between Benji 's eyebrows deepened .
tr	PAST	Silence executed an impressive looking spinning , flying kick , breaking the neck of the goblin in front of him .
tr	PRES	She holds up a finger to tell me to wait .
tr	PAST	She exited James 's truck visibly shaken .
tr	PRES	But he stands there , stoic and steadfast .
tr	PAST	Singer circled to the other side and looked up at her .
tr	PAST	Somewhere in the hollow ache of her chest , a tiny ember glowed to life .
tr	PAST	Was one of those new gated communities in the suburbs , designed to look nice , but they were usually shit quality with tiny lots .
tr	PAST	The neoprene brace she 'd been given in the emergency room provided support but did nothing for the throbbing , aching discomfort she lived with constantly .
tr	PAST	Neither of us pretended that was what this relationship was about .
tr	PAST	"He yawned hugely , and added in a more matter of fact tone , "" Maybe I just need some sleep . """
tr	PRES	I swing open the front door and come face to face with Rebecca .
tr	PAST	""" The brothers fled home that night ."
tr	PAST	""" Back at the start , she also advertised briefly online ."
tr	PRES	"Then just swing your leg over . """
tr	PRES	"Says you told him so . """
tr	PRES	Each of us stands at the end of the line .
tr	PAST	Then he proceeded to describe the exciting revelation that more than one factor was involved : that the two factors had to work together synergistically .
tr	PAST	""" Although ... "" Mary regarded her with a hint of curiosity ."
tr	PAST	He pretended to look around the ranch .
tr	PAST	Her mouth hinged impossibly wide with her keening shriek .
tr	PRES	When she returned he put on plastic gloves and picked up cigarette butts and dropped them into separate plastic bags .
tr	PAST	Gazing out the window , he silently prayed .
tr	PAST	She exhaled , slipped her arms around his waist , and leaned into him , but not skin to skin like she preferred .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm well , thank you , "" she sniffed ."
tr	PAST	It never ceased to amaze him how many people would get bent out of shape or threaten lawsuits over a nice story !
tr	PAST	The inspector carefully tipped the contents on to the blue folder .
tr	PRES	""" Who stands to gain here , Cam ?"
tr	PRES	' You teach history ? '
tr	PAST	The amulet on her neck glowed blue , like the hottest fire .
tr	PRES	By the time Daniel reaches the last page , Bobby is asleep , tucked in close to his father .
tr	PAST	Cyrus fiddled with his phone for a little longer .
tr	PRES	"Chapter 6 "" Hey , sis !"
tr	PAST	she collapsed on the couch .
tr	PAST	The colliding union of these two opposing climatic conditions created a progeny of paralyzing blizzards , sub-zero cold and thick blankets of snow .
tr	PAST	I hopped off the hood and he got in the car .
tr	PRES	The question wove its way through the stream of power .
tr	PAST	As they filed into the room , Jenny quickly collected the dishes and exited .
tr	PRES	"Then , very softly , he said simply , "" Hello . """
tr	PRES	At impact it draws energy from me to become a solid form .
tr	PRES	""" Well , ' tis been awhile but it won 't be the first time we 've shared a bed ."
tr	PAST	""" Who cleaned the blood out of the boat for me ?"
tr	PRES	""" Runner , nobody likes a beggar ."
tr	PAST	""" This is an official meeting , please use proper language , "" the county clerk stated ."
tr	PRES	She embraces him , she plunges , she will not let go for a minute .
tr	PRES	""" The pot roast ? """
tr	PAST	""" The prophecy named you as the person who needed to collect the information from Darian ."
tr	PRES	""" I recall , "" interjected Vero , "" That you fought with my father and I am quite sure that he wanted to kill you . """
tr	PRES	""" I don 't know , sweetie ."
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side and studied me .
tr	PAST	Ray emailed Horton several photos of just himself and Horton .
tr	PRES	When Timothy finally exits , he sees that some of the students have stopped .
tr	PAST	He seized his boss , gnawing at the front of his shirt , forcing Anthony further into the alcohol covered glass .
tr	PAST	One seized a cake of soap and Miriam 's arm .
tr	PRES	""" Of course , mi amor ."
tr	PAST	""" We work in the forest , "" volunteered Meyer ."
tr	PRES	""" Now we 'll make it better , "" Jase vows , and begins to kiss me again as he starts to move in a rhythm ."
tr	PAST	Wiping the tears from her eyes , Kay replaced the photograph .
tr	PAST	After all she joked with Jake all the time .
tr	PAST	"I 'm glad I could help , "" Sarah answered befuddled ."
tr	PAST	""" I really messed up ."
tr	PAST	I sling my bag over my shoulder as he gets into his car and drives away .
tr	PAST	The men eyed each other .
tr	PRES	""" Ethan , wake up , "" Claire whispers ."
tr	PRES	I hazard a glance over my shoulder to see the giant bouncer chatting up another set of girls coming in .
tr	PAST	""" It 's hard to find time to study with all the practicing I do , "" I hedged ."
tr	PRES	He slams his hand on the door frame , and looks away angrily .
tr	PRES	The metal gate slides closed .
tr	PRES	Normal people also occasionally engage in conversation .
tr	PAST	During the seven years of the strike , over three hundred thousand people flocked to California .
tr	PRES	"He loves you very much . """
tr	PRES	"And the number eight es muy bueno , "" Abe sings in a perfect accent ."
tr	PAST	With one foot on the wall and one foot on the shutter , she slowly extended herself , straightening her legs and standing up .
tr	PAST	Kate battled the urge to giggle .
tr	PRES	They 're all missing me , something awful ! '
tr	PAST	Then she dumped a frozen bag of mixed vegetables in a plastic bowl and microwaved them .
tr	PAST	He stares at me eyes , filled with contempt .
tr	PAST	""" I thought so , "" she exclaimed ."
tr	PAST	Once the nurses took me away the man acted confused and wondered aloud why he had done it .
tr	PRES	""" In the fortress ? """
tr	PRES	""" Whoa , hey guys , settle down ."
tr	PAST	""" There 's one group of soldiers stationed a few hundred yards north of us , "" he reported quietly ."
tr	PAST	Dario required a shove in the right direction .
tr	PAST	But a bikini swimsuit revealed more .
tr	PAST	Mars and the Net are inhabited by artificial intelligences and souls , these last obtained by digitizing the brain after death .
tr	PRES	"This worth ' illegal ' ? """
tr	PRES	I blurt out the truth .
tr	PAST	' You can come in , ' I announced .
tr	PAST	Mr. Bachman dialed out on the office phone on the officer 's desk .
tr	PAST	Dorian slowed it by manipulating the ground again .
tr	PRES	Broken stems and a river of petals littered the floor .
tr	PAST	A growl rumbled deep within his chest , and I watched , transfixed , as drool slid off the tip of a fang .
tr	PRES	Josh loves that stuff .
tr	PAST	""" Hold off on getting out of the car until I come around to get you , "" he instructed ."
tr	PRES	Her Honor guard uses their hands , arms , and elbows clearing a path , when she stops in front of me .
tr	PAST	""" More , "" she practically sobbed ."
tr	PRES	""" Th ... th ... there in the warehouse ."
tr	PAST	He doubted even the hour ride back to the beach would cool his desire .
tr	PRES	Oh God teach us how to know the last word of the story without the abrupt finish .
tr	PRES	Ancient Indian thought , which is also philosophic in a broader sense , originated as early as 1500 BCE and appears in scriptures known as the Veda .
tr	PRES	""" What the fuck ? """
tr	PRES	""" Good lord , it smells of ... "" "" Humans . """
tr	PAST	The third man freed himself of the cord and then went back to the shuttle .
tr	PRES	Short , simple , poignant , yet clich .
tr	PAST	I sensed that Franklin wasn 't using all of his great strength .
tr	PAST	The wheels of the vehicle bounced forward , and without further pomp , we were again on the move .
tr	PAST	The tremors in my arms ceased .
tr	PRES	But as soon as the crimson faced Amy appeared in the control room Austin said , ' Right , your turn Katherine . '
tr	PAST	Tiberius exclaimed as he accepted a glass from Melrose who passed by with a tray .
tr	PAST	Jenny slapped him on his arm , but it was playful .
tr	PAST	Joy washed over the wolf , the need for blood , for the kill .
tr	PAST	Simon tipped his head , struggling to understand her .
tr	PAST	A thick layer of cloying smoke extended from the ceiling almost to the floor , making him gag .
tr	PAST	Four arched windows on each storey matched the ornate exterior of the structure .
tr	PRES	The phone buzzes again , and my nails press deeper into his flesh .
tr	PAST	And reason knew , he never acted like a royal .
tr	PAST	""" Come with me , "" he urged , holding out his hand ."
tr	PRES	""" By bun , I assume you 're referring to my baby , and he or she 's due in about three more months . """
tr	PRES	Hailey stands up from the chair and it causes me to fall back on my ass .
tr	PAST	She and Shane bounced off the bed , too , and Eve came last .
tr	PAST	As soon as he had a clear line of sight , his pace slowed .
tr	PAST	""" She skipped my class !"
tr	PRES	I wove through the crowd , smiling and waving as people called out to me .
tr	PRES	""" Shut up , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PRES	She strikes out clumsily with a foot , and I hear the tinkle of glass breaking .
tr	PAST	"Will you relax , Zara ? """
tr	PRES	Mom slides her cloth napkin off her plate and unfolds it .
tr	PAST	Abbey hollered through the door .
tr	PRES	""" And that just pisses me off , your highness , because I got plans to kiss this boy silly . """
tr	PAST	""" The police stated the evidence against you is based on your fingerprints being found on the Cessna engine cowling ."
tr	PAST	She motioned to the right and started walking .
tr	PAST	His face crumpled with concern .
tr	PRES	Their yellow eyes shone in the dark , indifferent yet somehow malevolent .
tr	PRES	It shone like an enchantment , as if to guide Quinn 's way .
tr	PRES	""" Supposed to be a huge insult , only no one uses it anymore . """
tr	PAST	I sought her eyes .
tr	PAST	Suzy readied her twitches .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone like two embers .
tr	PRES	The day passes in a blur .
tr	PRES	a voice whispers near my ear .
tr	PRES	""" He loves you just as strongly ."
tr	PRES	' Sure , Sarge .
tr	PRES	""" Shadow visits more than you have ."
tr	PRES	Nick plays at spinning it for a general audience .
tr	PRES	His very first granddaughter .
tr	PAST	Sali slapped his car keys on the table .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , a bright light invaded the dark bedroom .
tr	PRES	' Oh , no , ' the man mumbled to himself again , starting to shiver uncontrollably now .
tr	PRES	""" Father wishes for me to marry . """
tr	PRES	""" I 'm not his friend , "" Tristan points out ."
tr	PRES	Mrs. Hamilton launches right into her lecture , not even bothering to take notice that she has a new student in her room .
tr	PAST	The truck rumbled down the main street , coming to a stop beside a huge tree .
tr	PAST	She eyed me , then grumbled something and turned away .
tr	PAST	""" The Shadow Stone cannot bring people back from the dead , "" he stated flatly , it seemed at least some powers were beyond him ."
tr	PAST	I retort coolly , straining to keep my voice even .
tr	PRES	"The moon lies under her feet . """
tr	PRES	"Will it tip him over ? """
tr	PRES	He tries to help me , but I shrug him off .
tr	PAST	""" When Burroughs Wellcome submitted it to the FDA for approval as a treatment for AIDS ."
tr	PRES	He kills people to free them from the Core , so their souls become free .
tr	PRES	""" Good morning mum ."
tr	PAST	Jack advanced toward the door .
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , "" I mumbled quietly ."
tr	PAST	Jill tipped her head .
tr	PAST	One of the crew I didn 't know man handled me inside .
tr	PAST	I , however , preferred the fiery lights of hell .
tr	PRES	He lies down on the bed with me and I bury my face into his chest .
tr	PAST	""" She should be concerned , "" Stephanie clipped ."
tr	PRES	""" Stay back , "" I hiss to Trick and Dham ."
tr	PRES	After a few measured bites , she stopped suddenly , her fork halfway to her face .
tr	PRES	"Perhaps a bit of a wolf , Little Maxi , as I was back in the day , eh ? """
tr	PAST	""" George Chapman helped me get the papers pushed through , "" Corinne named the Grand Master before Weldon Harper ."
tr	PAST	My ears perked up when I heard someone entering the house .
tr	PAST	""" I approved . """
tr	PAST	""" Like you and half the male population on the eastern seaboard aren 't aware of that , "" I teased , filling the kettle with water ."
tr	PAST	He proved his point .
tr	PRES	""" I didn 't know , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	He holds my hand , edging us closer to Annabella and the willow tree .
tr	PRES	I close the door behind me and go to the corner of the room behind the way the door opens .
tr	PAST	A happy memory from his childhood , of his mother chasing him and Andre through the grove , paraded through his thoughts .
tr	PAST	Josh and Grace elected to stay when the meal was over , feeling much like Maeve and her scarcity of desire to sleep .
tr	PRES	He tries to set you up with one of his friends .
tr	PRES	The light from my flashlight shone off the damp rocks and we knew that we were no longer inside the house .
tr	PAST	She sensed a frenzy of telepathic thought buzzing through the network .
tr	PAST	Zara tensed at the mere mention of his name .
tr	PRES	And no doubt hating herself worse .
tr	PAST	I thanked whatever it was that made me a privileged observer of this beauty .
tr	PRES	""" He owes my family a favor . """
tr	PAST	With that , Wells motioned for Theo to follow him and they headed downstairs to August 's room on the next floor down .
tr	PAST	She absorbed the feeling from her back and her bottom of the sponge like cushion and allowed herself to sink into it .
tr	PRES	' Got a nail in it . ' '
tr	PRES	He smiled down at me , straight teeth gleaming in the club lights .
tr	PAST	Somehow they messed with things to make a radial signal , however weak it may be .
tr	PAST	I shuffled past him carefully , went into the living room , and picked up the remote , turning the song down .
tr	PRES	A reporter stands on the roof with the Peacekeepers .
tr	PRES	He holds his hands in the air .
tr	PAST	"I ... I stole it from my foster parent . """
tr	PAST	She tugged again at her wrist and had as much luck pulling it from his grasp as she 'd had before .
tr	PAST	Al and I thanked people as convincingly as we could for the socks , and the random knick-knacks that were available in the store .
tr	PRES	Between songs one of the boys from the band snuck around back of our cage with a bottle in his hands .
tr	PRES	Rolled sideways to check a terminal that was flipping in and out .
tr	PRES	""" Because they already cashed out during the last government-subsidized bubble and are waiting for another crash to buy low . """
tr	PAST	The reminder that their family was not a family anymore soured Cory 's stomach .
tr	PRES	The door to the dormitory opens , and Tris walks in , hair unkempt and eyes wild .
tr	PRES	The DAA tries to administer an ability slowly with blocks and suppressors .
tr	PRES	Marian rattles the gate in frustration .
tr	PRES	Orion clears his throat , then reads , holding the papers up so the camera can show the report .
tr	PAST	Kaitlyn 's heart skipped a beat when she saw her future husband .
tr	PRES	But after a few steps , Victoria freezes .
tr	PRES	' Well , Vann . '
tr	PAST	"Only cost you a buck . """
tr	PRES	She just lies around on the deck most of the time ; drink in one hand and her phone in the other .
tr	PAST	They tormented sleepers for both sustenance and pleasure .
tr	PAST	""" Emma , "" he crooned softly ."
tr	PRES	In the yellow light , it shone like white gold .
tr	PRES	""" The baby helps ? """
tr	PRES	""" Afraid the shot might work , "" he mumbled ."
tr	PRES	It wraps around me so tight I can glide my hands across the curling water .
tr	PAST	""" And my guest , Indy ... Well I guess I never did get your last name did I , "" she giggled slightly embarrassed ."
tr	PRES	Before me , the ocean stretches longingly toward my feet .
tr	PRES	""" Elena wishes me to order Kaitlyn home . """
tr	PRES	Elis or is it Maxwell - since I don 't know who is who - pushes himself off the wall he was leaning on .
tr	PAST	I flicked my partner a quick glance , and my eyes widened .
tr	PRES	""" No , but my job brings out the serious side of me . """
tr	PAST	Even through the backseat window , I sensed the difference between this city and New York .
tr	PAST	Neil collapsed onto the seat and leaned his head back .
tr	PAST	As he spoke , Bax twirled a finger in a circular motion .
tr	PRES	""" Only if you want to be , lad ."
tr	PRES	"That explains why I 've been out in front of your shop for the last ten minutes , waiting for you to open . """
tr	PAST	""" There 's need for something drastic , "" countered Dorian ."
tr	PRES	He wears his customary black master 's shirt which features three classic spells of protection to guard his back from approaching demons .
tr	PAST	""" Think about what Chaplain Stewart has said , "" Lieutenant Commander Kyle urged ."
tr	PRES	She holds up a syringe and pushes out some moisture from its needle .
tr	PAST	He acted funny and stressed the private time .
tr	PAST	He stuffed Boots into the pack and heaved her onto his back .
tr	PRES	"Given that you didn 't , I assume that the rebellion is over . """
tr	PAST	She wriggled herself upward and caught the edges of the skylight .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves Eleanor Channing .
tr	PRES	Smiling , she begins running after it .
tr	PAST	Irritated , I inched away from him , looking furtively at the other couples , both men stretching their knees wide apart and shuffling .
tr	PAST	"The lavender goat bore the name "" Sodom "" and it banner carried the words "" All Pleasure is Natural "" ."
tr	PAST	Erin sought Jordan 's eyes , clearly asking permission .
tr	PRES	My cheeks flare up with warmth .
tr	PAST	He skipped over my boobs to stroke the sensitive skin on the undersides of my arms .
tr	PRES	Knell exhales slowly climbing the cliff .
tr	PAST	Above them , on the first floor , windows shattered ; antique furniture splintered .
tr	PRES	"I didn 't lie , "" she snaps ."
tr	PAST	Ali tipped her chin down .
tr	PRES	My lips part on a shattered gasp and his finger sneaks inside , strokes across the very tip of my tongue .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth , reaching down and pulling out one of his remaining vials of metal .
tr	PRES	My status as a FBI Agent causes me to mute a lot of what I say about what goes on in Black communities .
tr	PAST	""" I lent you all those books so you could read them and develop your mind ."
tr	PRES	"Did you spare anyone ? """
tr	PRES	He brings his hand to my face and gently runs his finger underneath the prominent bruise on my eye .
tr	PAST	He chased her through the woods .
tr	PRES	Marceline 's story tries to come back into my consciousness , but I push it away .
tr	PRES	"You almost tempt me , but you still don 't understand . """
tr	PAST	As if to punctuate his point , his eyes flicked to the rearview mirror .
tr	PRES	The box creaks as I open it .
tr	PRES	My heart actually stops beating for a second and I forget how to breathe .
tr	PAST	""" Trolls , "" he stated ."
tr	PAST	I tutor some kids at one of the high schools nearby .
tr	PRES	""" Doesn 't matter anyway , lad ."
tr	PAST	She usually preferred to walk without any aide , although she had a noticeable limp .
tr	PRES	She still loves us .
tr	PAST	I pretended that 's what I was doing .
tr	PRES	Nobody buys dead slaves .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and listened to every single thought in the room .
tr	PRES	""" Hi sweetheart . """
tr	PAST	A plate of food in hand , Paige plopped into a chair under a palm tree with Nikki .
tr	PAST	required some delicacy , but the other party was very satisfied with your offer .
tr	PRES	""" Not like tomorrow night , when we 'll all be on the floor , "" Deuce mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" I wove the rugs , painted the pictures , sculpted the animals , and built the furniture . """
tr	PRES	So easy to wear , so easy to remove , ' he mumbled against her neck .
tr	PAST	He cleaned sand passing over the precious sapphire glass hem of her tank top revealing gesture in the abdomen muscular .
tr	PAST	""" Yeah , "" he mumbled , feeling the food drop into his stomach like an iron tire rim in the lake ."
tr	PAST	He attempted to scream but couldn 't get out more than a murmur of a sound .
tr	PRES	"That changes things . """
tr	PRES	""" I sort of missed you too , "" I teased ."
tr	PRES	' Only Germans ... ' ' I don 't think I 'd fancy that . '
tr	PRES	The tornado inside it reaches down toward us .
tr	PRES	""" What about your friend Lea ? """
tr	PAST	Each time he reappeared he looked more distant and evil .
tr	PAST	Arabella perked up , sensing blood in the water .
tr	PRES	snapped Rob Anybody . '
tr	PAST	Hillier pondered for a moment , studying the table for inspiration before looking up again hopefully .
tr	PRES	""" Perhaps we should move this conversation somewhere private , "" Rex mutters ."
tr	PRES	But never anything fundamental .
tr	PAST	He motioned to a set of plush chairs by the fire , and Nolen happily took the one closest to the heat .
tr	PAST	Albert motioned toward his table .
tr	PAST	She groped along the wall to find the switch , and a single fluorescent bulb hanging in the center of the unit flickered to life .
tr	PAST	"A voice rasped in his ear : "" Hush ! """
tr	PRES	""" He loves her and waters her and keeps her under a glass globe at night to protect her . """
tr	PRES	' Doctor Cooper . '
tr	PRES	Six lets me go , suddenly looking sheepish .
tr	PRES	His dark brown eyes shone like a newborn child 's .
tr	PRES	""" Can I help , sweetie ? """
tr	PRES	Assuming the contours of my host , I abandon you deformed in dissolution .
tr	PAST	""" I risked my ass to save your life ."
tr	PAST	We linger just around a corner , looking through the large windows from the hallway into the front office , where Dina is waiting .
tr	PRES	If you don 't have bullets then swing for the fences , head shots only people .
tr	PRES	He stops in front of me , his face hard , his eyes warm but worried .
tr	PAST	They crouched down in the grass .
tr	PAST	' I 'm just thinking about Demeter , ' she half lied .
tr	PRES	With the mere mention of her event , Mom fills everyone in on the details .
tr	PAST	""" He bounced . """
tr	PAST	Abigail stiffened in her chair .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the monitor .
tr	PAST	Seventeen Too edgy to stay still , Daemon prowled the room that opened onto the flagstone terrace at the back of the Hall .
tr	PRES	I analyze it , thoroughly searching for what they could possibly be thinking and feeling .
tr	PRES	The back of my neck tingles .
tr	PRES	""" It belongs to me and a few buddies ."
tr	PRES	Devon draws back , unable to hide his apprehension .
tr	PAST	The repetitive beat gradually subsided , and the door opened .
tr	PAST	And to our north , a mountain range arose with cliffs that dwarfed the bastions of our foes .
tr	PRES	Because it did matter , her opinion mattered .
tr	PRES	""" T lets hold back and let them do this bit on their own . """
tr	PRES	""" You try it , you lousy dame ."
tr	PRES	He always misses the point .
tr	PAST	The hand tugged the curtain all the way back .
tr	PAST	I lied and darted past them into the kitchen .
tr	PAST	He clasped her arm and kissed her wrist before setting it to rest on his chest .
tr	PRES	His feet padded across the chilly tile .
tr	PAST	Jack crawled out and on his stomach , slowly moving towards the horse .
tr	PAST	She cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	The modern era of mans innovation and the internet never ceases to amaze me .
tr	PAST	In lieu of sitting in a bench facing forward , I opted for one of the side seats .
tr	PRES	""" What about Jessie ? """
tr	PRES	But very old , almost indistinct .
tr	PAST	I eventually lightened up , laughed at my stupidity and went back to dancing fully .
tr	PAST	""" Five or six of them , "" he reported back , falling to his knees next to them to help ."
tr	PAST	Rubbing her eyes , she attempted to wipe away the evidence .
tr	PAST	""" Screw you , Hawk Banks ! """
tr	PAST	Junior belted out a hungry roar .
tr	PRES	- How long do you swim a day ?
tr	PRES	""" Are cities very different in the future ? """
tr	PRES	""" The Memory rune ."
tr	PAST	Caroline inhaled a deep breath , releasing it slowly as she tried to keep a lid on her anger and decide how to proceed .
tr	PRES	But I slay her anyway .
tr	PRES	""" Du n no . """
tr	PAST	Luke clasped her hand and led her toward the door .
tr	PRES	""" That man deserves pain ."
tr	PAST	Clara exclaimed , her joy obvious .
tr	PAST	I washed my face and looked at myself as the water dripped off my chin .
tr	PRES	""" Anyway , this Mallory woman absolutely hates Rivera , and his feeling is mutual ."
tr	PAST	Bruno Stanton New York At one time , Steve received regular emails from Bruno Stanton .
tr	PRES	The door opens , and a sliver of light tumbles into the room .
tr	PRES	' Kinda scary . '
tr	PRES	""" A chill down my neck , perhaps , "" Aunt Clara whispers ."
tr	PAST	That thought saddened me a little .
tr	PAST	The Fate 's cold eyes bore into Echo 's , causing her to feel like a trapped animal .
tr	PRES	Hugh opens the door and walks outside , laughing .
tr	PRES	Food dish half full .
tr	PAST	""" If you could tell us where you 're trying to go , we could take you , "" Ken volunteered ."
tr	PAST	She scooted nearer to her paper and readied her pencil .
tr	PRES	A stainless case surfaces , its cover glides sideways .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth , suddenly more determined than ever to complete my story .
tr	PRES	What a triumph to share my twisted self with a woman who loves my darkness and light ?
tr	PAST	""" Hurts , "" Ty grunted ."
tr	PRES	Serena remembers what Liam told her .
tr	PRES	When we get to the City , Doc stops the cart in front of the weaving district .
tr	PRES	""" Three cups of the vat . """
tr	PRES	""" Please , "" I begged as I turned my attention back to Bishop ."
tr	PAST	Dax still saluted and walked back into the adjutant 's office .
tr	PAST	""" Tell him , "" she reiterated , her lips curving into a slow and eerie smile ."
tr	PAST	Jack regarded me for a long moment with unblinking hazel eyes before leaping up and bolting for the door .
tr	PAST	His words jolted Painter .
tr	PRES	James tries to discern any hidden meaning in my words , but there is none .
tr	PRES	After a moment , he hugged me close , his hand resting on my hip .
tr	PAST	""" What the fuck , Silas ?"
tr	PAST	Mom painted sunrises , sunsets and the night sky .
tr	PRES	This causes me pause .
tr	PAST	Together the other man 's cumbersome index finger and thumb violently clipped the piece of paper , whisking it from the typewriter .
tr	PAST	She giggled , finally relaxing .
tr	PAST	She padded silently over to him ; the hardwood was cool against her bare feet .
tr	PRES	""" What the fuck ! """
tr	PAST	Tracing the pipe runs from beginning to end more than three times revealed something new each time .
tr	PRES	He loves you like crazy and treats you like a princess .
tr	PRES	"But remember , English , my dear . """
tr	PAST	John trudged behind us , his boots as heavy as any Mortal 's footsteps .
tr	PRES	I muttered wearily , my head still spinning .
tr	PAST	""" Like yours , "" Jen piped up ."
tr	PAST	I sensed her impatience and forgot about the filaments and what I could do with them .
tr	PRES	""" Chess humor ? """
tr	PAST	She circled her fingers , made tiny lights dance .
tr	PAST	His personal will already waned .
tr	PAST	""" You named her after me ! """
tr	PRES	Instead he pushes me to the floor and walks out of the room , closing the door behind him .
tr	PAST	The acrid smell of burned wood , spilled blood , and fear assailed her as she hurried down the steps .
tr	PRES	""" And into the cave of the dragon from the east . """
tr	PAST	She sensed that he needed the answer ; that it was a need for him as much as an understanding about her .
tr	PAST	He quit after two seasons and went to Canada .
tr	PAST	His brother , he entertained no doubt .
tr	PRES	""" I checked my email account at school , "" she explains as she hands me a piece of paper ."
tr	PAST	He slapped her and she fell to the ground .
tr	PRES	""" Ha ha ! """
tr	PAST	The smaller woman leaped to grab his arm .
tr	PAST	Thomas sensed more than the aural projection , something not quite pride , but not completely separated from pride .
tr	PAST	He zipped the bag up again , ignoring her as he straightened and turned for the door .
tr	PRES	"Run , "" he teased ."
tr	PAST	Gathering his thoughts about Carol , Steve experienced a healthy dose of regret about the way he 'd behaved toward his ex-wife .
tr	PRES	Perfect little Annie who could disrupt his life and destroy his dreams .
tr	PRES	"He won 't bite you , "" Jessi teased ."
tr	PAST	""" Tsk , tsk , Raina , "" Sloane chided ."
tr	PRES	Prewitt grabs , dipping her then chuckles .
tr	PAST	She is a lump of coal in the corner of the carriage , her outstretched hand insistent as a beggar maid .
tr	PAST	With a great whoosh , fire burst upward , everything around that little match roaring to life with angry orange flames .
tr	PRES	He stops talking , and when I finally look up again , he exhales .
tr	PAST	Rose eagerly established the memory link and hurriedly pulled at the information , embracing it into herself before her future self could change her mind .
tr	PAST	""" We 're fine , "" Hudson grunted , and I tried not to laugh as I wiggled against him ."
tr	PRES	""" He loves you in the best way that he can ."
tr	PRES	I just chalked the weird habit up to one of many idiosyncrasies he had .
tr	PRES	He likes pretending he 's some old farmer , or something .
tr	PAST	With a loud screech , the gryphon flapped his wings and darted up into the air .
tr	PRES	The same thing when he started slapping his thighs .
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands in her lap , willing them to stop trembling .
tr	PAST	""" When Ariella died , everything inside me froze ."
tr	PRES	Lying down he sighs to himself and allows his eyes to wander around the dirty room .
tr	PRES	But you also belong on stage , Ford .
tr	PAST	""" I just don 't know how they will be able to pull this off , "" Sandra countered ."
tr	PRES	Ty raised his head and squared his shoulders , his nostrils flaring .
tr	PRES	But openly - no plotting or intrigue ?
tr	PRES	"Your whole body freezes every time I mention something about him . """
tr	PRES	""" I know , sweetie ."
tr	PRES	She gripped his lapels , her fists tugging tighter , pulling him closer as she pressed herself to him .
tr	PAST	A moment later she dove from the second story to the pavement below landing squarely on her feet ready for a fight .
tr	PAST	He stares down at the charm , then finds my eyes and puts the chain around my neck .
tr	PAST	As he pushed through the market stalls set along the docks , he scarcely perceived the pungent odor of coffee or the sour smell of rotting sugarcane .
tr	PRES	"And as the ancient prophet said : "" Whoever throws a stone upwards , throws it at his own head . """
tr	PAST	Once Eloise was breathing properly , the nurse cleaned her up and placed her in her mother 's arms .
tr	PAST	I stifled a sob and clutched my knees harder . '
tr	PRES	And so he watched her every movement , especially the slight lean forward as she tried to communicate with the remainder of her group .
tr	PAST	"He cringed and nodded , "" Yes , basically . """
tr	PRES	""" There are about fifteen of them , "" Trick offers helpfully ."
tr	PAST	Once more he slapped her , then leaned over her and bit down on the back of her neck , hard and not with his fangs .
tr	PAST	""" You lied to me , regardless of whether or not you apologize for it afterwards . """
tr	PAST	Her shoulders tensed just as he heard voices sounding from downstairs .
tr	PRES	She nurses her arm , holds out her wrist tenderly as Tad the step monkey fast approaches .
tr	PAST	At this the woman collapsed into sobbing , and it was all Toby could do to try and hold her and keep her upright .
tr	PAST	He exhaled deeply , then turned and headed to his front door .
tr	PAST	When he screwed up , he screwed up royally .
tr	PAST	Stroking her face , he untangled his limbs and made his way downstairs .
tr	PRES	My hand reaches the corner of my back pocket .
tr	PAST	He emerged so fast that he shot out with his legs still scrabbling and landed in the snow on the roof .
tr	PRES	Says one of the other guys bugged at the situation .
tr	PRES	He glances around him and raises his hand in the air , twirling it in all directions .
tr	PAST	Suits and uniforms shuffled all around the field .
tr	PAST	""" Ya ... well he also conjured up a copy of me for a wife , kinda creepy . """
tr	PRES	Trace uses it sometimes , when his partner visits .
tr	PAST	Edwina adjusted her position , turning her body slightly so she could study Luna .
tr	PAST	The story exploded right in front of his eyes .
tr	PAST	Her head chimed as though she 'd dunked it in a trough of icy water .
tr	PAST	The view rotated until the virtual camera was now facing Skyler 's World .
tr	PRES	""" Maybe public school where the kids don 't have so much money they stink of it . """
tr	PAST	Than , bam , the numbers she 'd recited to him were there , affixed to a battered mailbox dangling from a wooden post .
tr	PRES	' Yes , Stanley .
tr	PAST	It was not without pain and vigor , but day by day , she instilled less and prayed more , we crawled before we could fly .
tr	PRES	""" THEN WHY DID YOU OPEN THE GATE ! """
tr	PRES	"Secondly , this computer uses unique simulation programs . """
tr	PAST	It plunged again roaring over the rocks and continuously flowed forth then gushing in the wide channel under the dark Lindens .
tr	PAST	""" You can , "" he countered as his hardness probed lower ."
tr	PRES	He clears his throat a few times and then gets to his feet , grabbing a pair of jeans from his bag .
tr	PAST	Jackson , Austin and Jessie tensed up .
tr	PRES	Grayson disappears through the garage door .
tr	PAST	Harry tugged on my shirt and pulled me in the direction of a ditch and we rolled through the mud into the nook .
tr	PAST	Jordan sobered instantly at her imperious tone .
tr	PAST	Once outside , Raven zipped her jacket to her chin .
tr	PRES	He stops in his tracks and turns in slow motion .
tr	PAST	I cringed inside , wishing very strongly that I could evaporate and wake up at my little house , not much over a mile from here .
tr	PAST	The smile immediately collapsed .
tr	PRES	Miriam padded off , starting to feel like a detective .
tr	PAST	Fear seized my belly .
tr	PRES	He breathes a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	I stowed away my anger over his insubordination and united with my vessel .
tr	PRES	I rip my eyes from his .
tr	PRES	""" Well , it 's obvious , the A stands for annihilation and the two soda bottles represent me and Sarah ."
tr	PRES	""" Fascinating , "" mumbled Black , smiling at Maggie , "" and what else is there ?"
tr	PRES	""" What about Faye ?"
tr	PAST	He withdrew a dagger from his sleeve .
tr	PRES	Derrick reaches out for my hands and tells me to take a deep breath and look him in the eye .
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PRES	"Even the minutest hint . """
tr	PRES	I shout and a herd of Sprites come scurrying out of the bushes and surround my knees .
tr	PRES	""" Unusual , "" Jen whispers ."
tr	PRES	Then the cats joined in , their low roars balancing out the cacophony .
tr	PRES	He brings out the worst in all of us .
tr	PRES	""" Good morning , sweetie ."
tr	PAST	9 Hosni paced anxiously across the dank holding cell , the now slightly thicker layer of water on the floor sloshed beneath him .
tr	PRES	Max holds up a slice of half-eaten pie .
tr	PAST	For one glorious moment , I marveled at the fact that I had a family .
tr	PAST	Neither choice appealed to her .
tr	PAST	He never slowed , racing through ravines and over rocks .
tr	PAST	When he walked in , the aroma of simmering barbecue sauce tickled his nostrils .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later , Kylie sensed others around her .
tr	PAST	He shuffled through his pockets .
tr	PRES	She points to one of the targets , where three arrows surround the yellow bullseye .
tr	PRES	Max stops and looks at Tammie , whose eyes are closed .
tr	PRES	I teach you not to resent your weaknesses .
tr	PAST	After a few months he recruited me to help him go around and greet the new stories .
tr	PRES	""" And then the assailant brings out his gun to make his point ."
tr	PAST	"A guy named Jack I met at the hospital a while back . """
tr	PRES	Once you 're turned , your whole life changes .
tr	PAST	Her head exploded with pain .
tr	PAST	He defeated the student from the Midnight Shadow Clan with ease .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , a strong hand touches my shoulder .
tr	PAST	The crack of a gun firing jolted Claire 's attention to the gathered group of Enforcement Agents nearby .
tr	PAST	He crawled out of bed then stumbled as he tried to walk .
tr	PRES	"CHAPTER FIVE "" Oh , shoot , "" Golden mumbled under her breath ."
tr	PAST	With my gloved hand , I pinched the wire my scarf concealed and whispered two words into the microphone .
tr	PAST	He flung open the door and jumped .
tr	PRES	He pushes me off his lap and stands up .
tr	PRES	""" What about Mr. Garrison ? """
tr	PAST	""" I readied your horse , "" he mumbled , gesturing toward Celine ."
tr	PAST	It served her right .
tr	PAST	""" This is not your decision , "" the man rumbled at the women ."
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse from the extended sleep .
tr	PRES	As long as he provided these intrusive visions , Wendell could make sure I witnessed every brutal detail of whatever he wanted me to see .
tr	PAST	During their conversation Strang fiddled with the plastic band around his wrist .
tr	PAST	Fury sobered and narrowed his gaze to that of his wolf form .
tr	PRES	Then Kayden scoots forward and props his arms on the console .
tr	PRES	"The sun shone through the window brightly , giving the "" Old New York "" feel of the room a burst of energy ."
tr	PRES	""" I screwed it all up ."
tr	PAST	The rain bothered me a little .
tr	PAST	Lisa tugged my arm .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed in broken English .
tr	PAST	His reaction baffled her .
tr	PRES	Ari holds the wig out to me and bows dramatically .
tr	PAST	Just then , Jenna bounced into the stables .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	""" And Robin belongs with us ! """
tr	PRES	She stops in the hallway .
tr	PRES	An awesome band plays rock music as people alternate between eating and dancing .
tr	PRES	""" Not yet , sweetie ."
tr	PAST	Next to him , Fin equaled his platter with that of Todd 's .
tr	PAST	"Apples are very pleasing to them , "" Song stated ."
tr	PRES	""" Still keeping this around , eh ? """
tr	PRES	""" When I was with Melina a couple of weeks ago , she begged me to help her ' end it all ' ."
tr	PRES	Holly blushes , but she goes over to the jar of condoms all the same .
tr	PAST	He awoke with an elbow in his ribs .
tr	PAST	The moon soon replaced the sun and stars dotted the clear night sky , untainted by the orange glow of the built-up areas .
tr	PRES	Willow chuckled , her head resting on Seth 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	Marinara sauce with whole-wheat or gluten-free pasta .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , he wraps his arms around me and kisses me .
tr	PAST	She clutched at him as another deep shudder racked her .
tr	PRES	She reaches into her purse and takes out the car keys .
tr	PAST	""" Found him under a wagon , "" the redhead reported ."
tr	PAST	"She accused him because she can 't imagine a world where he wouldn 't do something like that . """
tr	PAST	""" Then , when I was about ten , my mother remarried to a much older man ."
tr	PAST	"That miserable old thief almost cost us our house , damn it . """
tr	PRES	My gaze drifts to the ring on my finger , and I know without a doubt that Sean asked me to come here to keep me safe .
tr	PRES	I value you greatly and consider your opinion golden , something that I don 't often do .
tr	PRES	"They add chopped walnuts . """
tr	PAST	His gaze zeroed in on my stomach .
tr	PAST	I tumble into the curtain , holding my head , feeling dizzy .
tr	PAST	""" Well , you didn 't grow up with mine , "" Candace countered ."
tr	PRES	One room that we pass by holds several people surrounded by guards .
tr	PAST	She flung her paperback and went for his neck .
tr	PAST	He reflected on his abrupt approach to Cranston and agreed that he should at least evaluate the offer on the table .
tr	PAST	Melina shrieked , crazed with rage .
tr	PAST	Roberts pretended to be hurt , but I could tell he was putting on .
tr	PAST	A thousand needles pricked every inch of my skin , crawling over me like a swarm of metallic spiders .
tr	PAST	In the lowlands , five giants crouched around a fire , their bulky figures reminding him of someone , their number reminiscent of the past .
tr	PRES	""" A hike ? """
tr	PAST	Before I destroyed it .
tr	PRES	A tiny smile creeps over my face .
tr	PRES	But part of me holds firm .
tr	PRES	Um , she likes to dance , especially with me .
tr	PAST	I tugged my drenched body away from the water and back onto shore .
tr	PAST	"Got any more balls jokes ? """
tr	PRES	""" And most displeased when you 're wrong ."
tr	PAST	The tattered curtains flapped in the breeze and obscured his view outside .
tr	PAST	His eyes instantly brightened , and he practically skipped towards Cindy .
tr	PRES	For a moment , however brief , the gentleness on his face fades away to reveal something hard and dark .
tr	PAST	Darius hedged a bit here .
tr	PAST	I motioned Officer Burns away from the door , out of Cathy 's sight .
tr	PAST	Her eyes bore into his .
tr	PAST	With care , he emerged back into the classroom and strode over to the windows overlooking the darkened boulevard below .
tr	PRES	Sebastian stops and turns to me , taking hold of my other hand .
tr	PRES	But all foul , all rotting , all dead .
tr	PAST	She clutched the edge of the bed for support as dark spots swam before her vision .
tr	PAST	I reread it again carefully , then threw it into the fire .
tr	PAST	An uneasy feeling churned in his gut .
tr	PRES	He inhales my hair and buries his face in my neck and I sigh .
tr	PRES	Darcie flashes me a thumbs up and I laugh .
tr	PRES	""" She feed y ' all well ? """
tr	PRES	He never lets his employees down when they 're doing the right things .
tr	PRES	She slows her step .
tr	PRES	Her mouth opens -- a gasp of pain -- although I cannot hear it over the flames and moans coming from the centre of the building .
tr	PAST	They smoked in silence for a while .
tr	PAST	The craft vibrated as its ducted fans began to go round and round , gaining momentum for what took place next .
tr	PRES	She lies back and stares at the ceiling .
tr	PAST	She attempted to sound cool .
tr	PAST	He steered her toward the small cafe in the middle of the block .
tr	PRES	The room falls silent and I hate the sound even more than Oscar 's voice .
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth , teeth white as a shark 's , and blows a kiss at me .
tr	PRES	Wilder trusts me with his little sister , and I have no intentions of damaging that .
tr	PRES	""" The answer lies before you ."
tr	PAST	He turned back to me , the anger fading from his eyes as he beheld me .
tr	PAST	Saliva squirted from Auron 's mouth as he spoke with anger .
tr	PRES	He wears a coat that 's dark brown with darker stains .
tr	PAST	I panicked for a second .
tr	PRES	""" Physically inevitable or not , truth stands above all things ."
tr	PAST	Reaching inside , I extracted the brain and devoured it with a sigh .
tr	PAST	Crow adjusted his beak .
tr	PAST	""" Perhaps the little one is upset because we 've neglected her , "" Prince Darryl loudly whispered in mock conspiracy behind Alexandra 's head ."
tr	PAST	Jack swiped an onion ring from my plate , and I snatched one of his fries .
tr	PAST	Not only did they refuse to help her , they stole her concentration , preventing her from helping herself .
tr	PAST	Finally , she laid the fork down , the prongs resting on the edge of the dish , and raised her gaze to meet his .
tr	PAST	Using a butter knife , I swirled the coffee and cream together as the fragrant steam hit me in the face .
tr	PRES	Her posture becomes more rigid , her strikes more purposeful .
tr	PRES	And in a strange way , that comforted him .
tr	PAST	A faint smile curved Miss Adler 's lips , but I observed weariness and shadow in her normally bright eyes .
tr	PRES	"Stay out of our trail , we warn you . """
tr	PRES	"Because I wear khakis and don 't listen to that rancid music ? """
tr	PAST	Thomas hauled me to my feet .
tr	PRES	"In return for our service , they provide financial support to us . """
tr	PRES	He clears his throat , and eases himself down onto his knee in front of me .
tr	PAST	Ari was approaching her , hands outstretched in charming appeal , his mouth tilting in a wry little smile .
tr	PAST	She sniffed the air .
tr	PAST	He crouched , watching his captor with eyes baleful as those of a basilisk .
tr	PRES	I religiously wash my hands after the act .
tr	PRES	"Victoria ... "" "" Kiss me . """
tr	PRES	And swim and ride horses !
tr	PRES	""" Then divorce him . """
tr	PRES	"Everybody misses Hayes . """
tr	PRES	"Stick with black , it matches your heart . """
tr	PRES	Apparently the chief fire officer deals directly with Lewes , so it 's all out of Radley 's hands now anyway .
tr	PRES	He stared down at Maximus , his face coldly expressionless .
tr	PAST	She averted her face quickly , stared outside , but her cheeks went pink .
tr	PRES	""" The flight attendant ... "" She gave Rome a guilty grin ."
tr	PAST	The old man sniffed .
tr	PAST	Kawabata , as you know , after winning the Nobel prize , committed suicide .
tr	PRES	Eventually Greyson announces that it 's time to go .
tr	PRES	""" Come on , sweetie ."
tr	PRES	They range from doctors , to lawyers , to military men .
tr	PRES	They shone brightly as they devoured all they saw .
tr	PRES	She glares at me with annoyance .
tr	PAST	A wave of worried whispers washed up around Amara .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth and tried to focus .
tr	PRES	To make things worse , my lungs protest the lack of oxygen and I have to resurface .
tr	PAST	At first , other Muslims doubted his commitment when they saw him .
tr	PAST	"Silently he regarded my expression for a minute and then quietly he said , "" I did lose you ... didn 't I ? """
tr	PRES	""" Old woman , wears black . """
tr	PAST	When he bent towards me , I tensed .
tr	PRES	Warner holds Kenji 's gaze for just a moment .
tr	PRES	Along the way I marvel at how much life there is beneath the ocean .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't hurt me , "" she begged ."
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to one side .
tr	PAST	I invested my voice , however , with the maximum amount of disinterest that I could muster .
tr	PAST	Henry inquired of no one in particular .
tr	PRES	Daniel 's face disappears from the conversational device .
tr	PRES	"' ' Fine . """
tr	PAST	Then another sister-in-law rinsed them clean .
tr	PAST	She extended her long , lean legs out on the couch toward him and tugged lightly on the material .
tr	PRES	' Oh , do you think so , Arnold ?
tr	PRES	He doesn 't say anything and something inside me snaps .
tr	PAST	""" I have not , "" he denied hotly ."
tr	PAST	The crowd cheered for both boxers .
tr	PRES	""" The supplies you promised . """
tr	PRES	"Current whereabouts unknown . """
tr	PAST	Ella swirled the liquid concoction in front of her with her spoon .
tr	PAST	One of the old chimneys on the second floor collapsed and pulled one wall partly down .
tr	PRES	""" It changes - twenty-one today , but the numbers are going down . """
tr	PRES	""" What about Crystal ?"
tr	PAST	""" Okay , well , after a time three distinct clans emerged ."
tr	PRES	He opens his arms to me .
tr	PAST	Deckard Blaine always tipped very well and seemed to have sway with the VIPs in the small city .
tr	PRES	"Time passes differently in the different worlds . """
tr	PAST	With a curse under his breath , he hauled her up against his side , draping her slender arm over his shoulders .
tr	PRES	She offers me the urn , then takes a deep breath .
tr	PAST	After several minutes he emerged from the deeper shadow of a chimney stack , smiling a strange and terrible smile .
tr	PRES	Sweat shone on his body , making his golden skin glow .
tr	PAST	Bax must have sensed his hesitation , for he exchanged an assuring look and a subtle nod , which was all Matthew needed to know .
tr	PRES	""" Du n no . """
tr	PRES	I squeal and jump into his arms , wrapping my arms around his neck .
tr	PAST	I thanked him and accepted his hug without once thinking it could be a kiss .
tr	PAST	"He dimmed his torch ? """
tr	PRES	I bury my hands in her soft brown hair , devouring her mouth and giving her all that I have .
tr	PRES	I lean inward until my body is pressed against the jagged rocks .
tr	PRES	The three passed out of the kitchen , voices fading .
tr	PAST	Her chest bound so tight , drawing sufficient oxygen proved difficult , leaving behind a sensation of lightheaded intoxication that had nothing to do with the wine .
tr	PRES	""" If you insist , buy me one of those small trees the grocery store sells in the flower pots ."
tr	PAST	A deep chuckle rumbled in his throat .
tr	PRES	"Aunt Wisdom buys her groceries at WalMart in Whistler 's Gulch . """
tr	PRES	She sees , offering her peace .
tr	PRES	he said , his smile fading .
tr	PRES	Elizabeth whispers as she releases her embrace .
tr	PRES	I could see the tension in his shoulders release , Mage 's fingertips relaxing their grip .
tr	PRES	She glances at me before she heads to her bedroom to change .
tr	PRES	Her lifeless body slides off the blade and is flung up into the air by an unseen force .
tr	PAST	She slapped my butt and we grabbed our coats .
tr	PAST	He exhaled a growling breath that echoed in the room as he placed the cold , heavy blade to my neck .
tr	PAST	""" Wel , I lied to you . """
tr	PAST	Case stiffened and shot away from the wall .
tr	PAST	Even a mouse walking across the road outside triggered a motion detecting camera that would record its every move until it moved away and stopped menacing us .
tr	PAST	The thought of Catherine and Geoffrey sharing a home churned his stomach .
tr	PRES	It falls to the floor and rolls under my dresser .
tr	PAST	He stripped her of everything .
tr	PRES	Addy braced her cup against her body with one arm as she inched closer to the door .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm glad Zac let you come to school today , "" joked Xavier ."
tr	PRES	She carries the bowl toward the middle of the room , where the Amity meetings are held .
tr	PAST	The Sentinels destroyed the two drones and continued their approach .
tr	PAST	""" Don 't worry , "" Zed hollered back ."
tr	PAST	Keke squealed at me as the truck pulled onto the shoulder in front of the Datsun .
tr	PAST	He tugged at his shirt .
tr	PAST	I padded softly over to the door , being careful not to make any noise .
tr	PAST	After she finished the cheese , she extended her fingers toward the fire , delighting in the intense heat that licked the tips .
tr	PAST	He urged his mount forward , past a grove of apple trees , and spotted the lit window of his destination through the darkness .
tr	PAST	He identified it as a sedan , newer body style , looked like a Honda or a Toyota .
tr	PRES	""" You 're beautiful , "" he whispers with his lips hovering over mine as a light fog begins to surface out of nowhere ."
tr	PRES	"The organization funds educational programs for at-risk youth in the city . """
tr	PRES	Cole is standing there , he holds up his shot .
tr	PRES	We stared up at the enormous concrete castle , this bizarre combination sandbox and jungle gym with a tire swing I used to love as a kid .
tr	PAST	The words lingered in the air for a moment .
tr	PRES	Not only that , but everyone respects you .
tr	PRES	""" Max is just as good-looking as Hunter , and he 's never gone out with Adair , "" she points out ."
tr	PAST	"It will be tricky , "" Delilah announced apprehensively ."
tr	PRES	In the tears that pooled there .
tr	PAST	Her awareness of him heightened immediately .
tr	PRES	- In the distance , a rooster crowed .
tr	PAST	Then she clasped her hands neatly in her lap , with her reticule tucked under her fingers .
tr	PAST	Sure enough , as she turned , her skirt bounced up slightly and a white , lace petticoat peaked out from underneath her black skirt .
tr	PAST	His mouth tensed , and he pulled slightly away to lean against the wall behind him .
tr	PAST	He pushed the heavy body aside and scrambled up , panicked at the blood coating his clothing .
tr	PRES	I dreaded the blood .
tr	PAST	She froze , the name slipping out too fast for her to backtrack .
tr	PRES	My gaze slides to the opened condom wrapper on the nightstand and I feel relief wash through me .
tr	PRES	"He loves his country and has dedicated his life to serving it . """
tr	PAST	I charged forward , desperate to reach Sofia before Arron could .
tr	PAST	Tears stung my eyes when his familiar deep voice came across the airwaves .
tr	PAST	Automatically , he adjusted Benson 's covers so he could look at the I.V. line .
tr	PAST	"The fact that "" he had no beauty or majesty to attract us "" bothered Russo and Thompson ."
tr	PRES	""" I bet you 've missed me , "" I retort with a smirk ."
tr	PRES	Of wicked midnight delights that she wanted to spend the entire day sampling .
tr	PRES	Because he really likes Mom and wants to support us ?
tr	PAST	Clint fanned his hand in front of his face and began squeezing around Edward 's bulk .
tr	PAST	Diego eyed the man in dislike .
tr	PAST	""" I was in the ocean next to a very large shark , "" Aiden countered ."
tr	PRES	As much as I hate it , he rattles me .
tr	PAST	One night when Johnny phoned from Alabama , Linda enquired as to Johnny 's sex life .
tr	PRES	""" Look , Viktor ... "" His father sighed ."
tr	PAST	If their ears had been any bigger she feared they might take off .
tr	PRES	""" A dinner invitation ? """
tr	PRES	The door opens and a fat , middle-aged lady squints down at us .
tr	PRES	""" She still loves him , doesn 't she ? """
tr	PRES	* * * * Marie returns to her new apartment door .
tr	PAST	"And he added a winking smiley at the end of the message before typing in , "" Got ta go . """
tr	PRES	I crane my neck to see the windows above street level .
tr	PRES	"I really value sex like you do . """
tr	PAST	I dumped the entire basket of clothes , colors and whites , into the machine all at once .
tr	PAST	In a blur , he charged toward me and threw me onto the couch .
tr	PAST	Mason 's neck itched .
tr	PRES	The ghost of a smile touches his lips .
tr	PRES	""" Can you describe the relationship your father had with Hannah Sheraton ? """
tr	PAST	Before she could ask him what it was , he teleported them out of the nursery and into a dining room .
tr	PAST	He stuffed his glove into his gear bag .
tr	PRES	Star snorts , upset that I 'm leaving him behind .
tr	PAST	Jake quickly tidied the kitchen .
tr	PAST	I froze as that word flew through my head .
tr	PRES	I bothers no-one , an ' no-one bothers me . '
tr	PAST	When she connected to him when he was captured , she created a special connection and he was seeing what was happening to her .
tr	PAST	""" Checkout the bathroom , "" he urged ."
tr	PAST	The drum major looked befuddled .
tr	PRES	Before I could ask him about this , Marie approaches and he leaves .
tr	PRES	""" Not a scratch on me . """
tr	PAST	He waddled back around his desk , mumbling .
tr	PRES	He glances away from me and nods to Chris before his eyes return to mine .
tr	PAST	Ari braced for impact as her three friends engulfed her in a group hug .
tr	PAST	She hooked her eyeglasses through the scooped neck of her sleeveless top .
tr	PAST	I crumpled the letter into a ball .
tr	PAST	Rachel 's body jolted with pleasure , and a low whimper came from her throat .
tr	PRES	Viola glances up at the woman .
tr	PAST	He sprawled to the ground , his cuffed hands robbing him of balance .
tr	PAST	""" As a matter of fact , I do , "" I zipped up my coat and pulled a black knit cap over my head ."
tr	PAST	""" Before I left , Black stripped me and stole my panties , so half the work 's done for you . """
tr	PAST	The silver bell chimed softly .
tr	PAST	But she sensed something else going on .
tr	PAST	""" I can 't believe you 're really here , "" Bree exclaimed as she engulfed Sierra in a hug ."
tr	PRES	Not Jacob purposefully keeping things from me and throwing a wrench in our romantic evening .
tr	PAST	She emerged with a Miller Lite , studying me as she popped the lid .
tr	PRES	Sometimes it pays to have a little padding .
tr	PAST	The reflection bounced off the enemy position to be picked up by the sensor array on the flagship .
tr	PAST	My fingers tensed into my throne .
tr	PAST	He propped himself on his elbows and gazed down into Ty 's eyes with a small smile .
tr	PAST	I lied to my parents about it , about the torn clothing , the bruises , the bleeding .
tr	PAST	""" Yes ... "" John stated slowly , raising an eyebrow ."
tr	PRES	"A Jester , "" he corrects ."
tr	PRES	I assume that was his original plan .
tr	PRES	He wraps one of his wings around me and I start to cry , letting everything inside of me out .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed while raising my eyebrows .
tr	PRES	Chang ' e holds her cup , presses it to her smeared cheek for relief .
tr	PRES	""" You are a man after my own heart , "" he beamed ."
tr	PRES	Our lips met , breaths mingling , as things suddenly became far more heated .
tr	PRES	""" What about the university ? """
tr	PRES	Finally the tunnel begins to widen enough so I can walk without risk of being wedged and I find the darkness also begins to lessen .
tr	PAST	Without warning , the vixen witch leaped into the air high and readied itself for its next attack .
tr	PAST	He desired her , he wanted to protect her , and he needed to know her secrets .
tr	PRES	I sneer , shaking my curls , blinking my eyelashes , whispering for my eardrums , only .
tr	PRES	He stands over me with his legs on either side of my body , looking down .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone brilliant blue .
tr	PAST	Once inside the canyon they slowed down to wait for the warriors to return .
tr	PRES	Mr. Kent sighs and sits on the couch next to Max .
tr	PRES	John scampered along behind them , anxious not to be left out .
tr	PRES	You little flit of a thing .
tr	PAST	Wolf Eyes withdrew the knife and put it back in the hot bear oil .
tr	PRES	"Yeah , rough pretty much describes my life right now . """
tr	PAST	Love replaced the receiver with a click .
tr	PAST	""" A new life is about to begin for both of us , "" Debbie giggled ."
tr	PAST	""" Me too , "" Alec chimed in , though he didn 't get the smile ."
tr	PAST	The veil itched her chin .
tr	PRES	' Well , it stops a girl getting pregnant ! '
tr	PAST	A buttery warmth invaded him from the belly outward .
tr	PAST	He terminated the call and turned to the fragmented audience , clapping his hands to get attention .
tr	PAST	Bart eyed Sally and chuckled , but she gave a thin smile in return .
tr	PAST	"I actually reduced the price by fifteen percent , since business has been slow in the shop lately . """
tr	PRES	Cricket sees her expression and says something that causes her to stalk away .
tr	PAST	As we met the king he was surrounded by guards , his most trusted I suppose .
tr	PAST	She adjusted her white lace shawl to cover her black hair before she ascended the stone steps leading to the portals of the whitewashed church .
tr	PAST	We all froze for a moment .
tr	PAST	Haruki announced that he had to get up early for work .
tr	PAST	She thanked him for his offer with a smile .
tr	PRES	""" And I assume you had something to do with that too ? """
tr	PAST	One of the knights flicked at Cesare 's horse 's rump , and it started forward at a trot .
tr	PAST	Amelia almost never joked or saw the funny side of anything .
tr	PRES	"I - "" "" Enough ! """
tr	PRES	"Carrie exclaimed , hooking her hands under her armpits , elbows out , flapping her "" wings . """
tr	PRES	One boy pushes the other off the edge of the curb .
tr	PRES	"Mom still tries to pretend the three of us are normal , but deep down , she knows the truth . """
tr	PAST	He endured her exploration for several minutes and then began an exploration of his own .
tr	PAST	""" The time machine the map leads to , "" Alex revealed ."
tr	PRES	""" What about bindings ? """
tr	PRES	""" To the closest one . """
tr	PAST	Deni sensed other Shifters in yards and on porches down the street coming alert , watching too .
tr	PRES	Immediately he releases me , but a discerning look is in his eyes .
tr	PRES	I lean back , shutting my eyes , feeling safe , feeling like this is where I belong .
tr	PRES	He wishes you to understand what you will be dealing with , should you choose to ignore this very worthy advice .
tr	PAST	Quickly she attempted to cover herself .
tr	PRES	The problem lies inside me .
tr	PRES	"You a band geek ? """
tr	PRES	He glares over at me as Emma and Barron both stop breathing .
tr	PAST	But when we did marry , I learnt a very different truth .
tr	PAST	But as soon as the warrior saw her , she squealed and grabbed hold of her .
tr	PRES	He suddenly sees Sarah standing close by , perhaps listening to what should be a private conversation .
tr	PRES	""" Thornhill , "" she whispers back distractedly , sliding over to stand next to Pierce ."
tr	PAST	"So we created the school to find at-risk students and keep them under a watchful eye . """
tr	PRES	The Furies represent the female , the violent , the old , and the primal .
tr	PAST	He stated that he understood my dilemma , but I should also show some sympathy with the issues that tormented Ruth .
tr	PAST	He doubted she 'd notice if he jumped up and danced a jig .
tr	PRES	""" My original writings . """
tr	PRES	Dobbs holds my gaze .
tr	PAST	On the way by a stand selling jewelry , he promptly swiped a necklace off the table and kept walking , hiding it in his basket .
tr	PRES	"It belongs to you , period . """
tr	PAST	When she found him , she clasped a gloved hand over her mouth , containing a sob .
tr	PAST	Her own doubts intruded .
tr	PAST	Then she exploded into laughter that rocked the cave walls .
tr	PRES	Digging her sharp nails in my already broken shoulder , I yell .
tr	PRES	""" No one sees you during the day . """
tr	PAST	"When the conference room began to clear out he said , "" Harlan , would you mind showing Erin to her office ? """
tr	PAST	""" Mr. Garner what do you know about Mr. Richard Holt and the events that happened described so far in the courtroom ? """
tr	PRES	She slows herself so her footsteps cannot be caught on the sound track and strides noiselessly around to behind the camera operator .
tr	PRES	My mind sneaks another harrowing thought to me from under the radar .
tr	PRES	""" The guys who fly the space shuttle ."
tr	PRES	"Such pure and special lies . """
tr	PAST	Whether that goal was standing in the sitting room to weave one of the strange , shimmering glyphs that revealed a foretelling .
tr	PRES	""" I cannot say , Partner Elijah ."
tr	PAST	""" Thank you , "" I mumbled , glaring at my sister ."
tr	PRES	""" Okay , back to the layers , "" she redirected ."
tr	PAST	His hair floated around him in a black cloud , his T-shirt edging up to reveal that taut , smoothly muscled stomach .
tr	PAST	The woman slowed as she approached Grace .
tr	PRES	My hand opens in horror , and the glass drops with an unimpressive thud onto the hardwood floor .
tr	PAST	He stated reaching out and tugging on the end of my pony tail .
tr	PAST	I stole a look across the gym to see Officer Mayer rubbing his chin , his mouth twisted in something bordering on disappointment .
tr	PRES	I lean my head against the wall , wanting to drift away and forget .
tr	PRES	""" Unfortunately , your theory matches evidence we found in the ice caves ."
tr	PAST	When the room quieted , he dared to peek over the edge of his blanket .
tr	PAST	I then described what I saw in the villages .
tr	PAST	Instead we kiss like that , frenzied and fast , bodies smashed together , but never quite going too far .
tr	PAST	I scooted forward with the line , my mind going over Saturday night for the thousandth time .
tr	PRES	""" Ryan loves you ."
tr	PAST	Gathering myself , I withdrew my fangs and forced myself off her .
tr	PAST	In front of Ryan 's complex on this side of the river a long boat dock floated parallel to the tiny green space .
tr	PAST	That bothered me more than it should have .
tr	PRES	Abe opens the glass door and holds it for me .
tr	PAST	Byron feared the curse of the palazzo would bring death to Antonietta , and he was determined to stop it .
tr	PAST	Williams shuffled through a few note cards in her lap and found the one she was looking for .
tr	PAST	I wriggled my fingers in front of him .
tr	PAST	The smooth voice emerged from the darkness , sending chills to Echo 's core .
tr	PRES	He inches me back on the bed , lowering himself onto me .
tr	PAST	Eventually the hallway split off into two directions .
tr	PRES	""" More orange juice ?"
tr	PRES	""" Marcus sees relationships ."
tr	PAST	""" If I were you , I wouldn 't move , "" Wyatt advised Ryder with a quick frown as he paused by the door ."
tr	PRES	So what brings you here ?
tr	PAST	She propped an elbow up on the bar and leaned her face against her hand as she studied him .
tr	PRES	""" It ... it describes Ben perfectly ... "" I said , standing to my feet in the process ."
tr	PRES	Tad rattles his paper .
tr	PAST	He glided in his graceful , silent way to her side , wrapping an arm around her shoulders .
tr	PAST	He scooted closer to her , relieved she didn 't move away .
tr	PAST	He slapped me on the back .
tr	PAST	Warriors willingly quieted when it was obvious that he wanted to speak .
tr	PAST	She should have chased the thought while it was fresh .
tr	PAST	Dominion scoffed , as if to rub my suffering and humiliation in my face .
tr	PAST	He plunged his hands in his pockets and gave the closed door a longing glance before he turned and walked to the barn .
tr	PAST	They stood a distance from the bed , pointing weapons at the motionless body they perceived to be there .
tr	PRES	""" Shelton hates baseball ."
tr	PAST	Gina created something that resembled a rotary , while Jo was constructing one hell of a topographical map of Switzerland .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to get a hold of her , itched to get her away from Ashby 's grasp .
tr	PRES	""" Great , "" Sara mumbled , "" Two hot , intelligent boys in my life ."
tr	PRES	He stalked over to investigate .
tr	PRES	' Mr Price ! '
tr	PAST	The mist in her eyes glowed in the dimmed light , which Hemp had said might help to calm her and me .
tr	PRES	""" She deserves to hear both sides of the story , I think , at the very least , and choose where she wants to be . """
tr	PRES	What about tacos ? '
tr	PAST	My heart sped as the sickness I kept down all day clawed through my veins and pounded in my ears .
tr	PAST	She circled the small hobble with the same protective spell she used in her youth .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't ... "" she begun saying ."
tr	PRES	But again I apologise .
tr	PAST	""" Shark to Seagull ."
tr	PAST	Blood soaked his shirt , causing the fabric to stick to him .
tr	PRES	I huddle in my seat , glad to be away from Ivy .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm just glad I didn 't pee all over myself , "" I blurt ."
tr	PRES	The three of you represent three options , or he can do whatever the fuck he wants with it .
tr	PAST	Aria cocked her head as she turned to look at her brother .
tr	PAST	More experienced users claimed they could influence the flow of thoughts , gently guiding the surge of ideas onto particular people , places , or concepts .
tr	PAST	While he was doing that , Hawk loaded the third , then slapped Antonia , not too hard , but hard enough to shut her up .
tr	PAST	As soon as she walked out of the room , Daemon dismissed the footman who had served them at dinner .
tr	PAST	"You blamed him for taking your father from you . """
tr	PRES	Charlie 's face shone brightly .
tr	PRES	He slides down more , raining kisses over my belly and hips and thighs before settling that sinful mouth just above the line of my underwear .
tr	PAST	After she downed the rest , she perked , tears of happiness still glittering in her eyes .
tr	PAST	She fanned her face with a small napkin .
tr	PRES	""" Kick , you idiot ! """
tr	PAST	He preferred to be seen as an orphan than to go into details about his parents .
tr	PRES	Blow things up on the shooting range .
tr	PAST	I giggled like a schoolgirl .
tr	PAST	She sped up eating in the hope of getting away from him quickly .
tr	PRES	""" Is everything ok ? """
tr	PRES	""" That 's Ashton 's dad , "" Reagan whispers to me as I watch him reach out and extend his somewhat stiff arm to Ashton ."
tr	PAST	He motioned his men to light up and take a break .
tr	PRES	He just freaked out .
tr	PRES	"Jason just loves , well you know , stuff like that . """
tr	PRES	That woman hates you , yet you won 't kill her to be safe .
tr	PRES	""" Holy crap , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	The Stone still ringing with the cries of the wounded .
tr	PRES	Alice pushes herself more firmly against the door .
tr	PRES	Diamonds encrusted the heavy gold buckles .
tr	PRES	""" Guess so , "" he allows ."
tr	PRES	""" How much farther to her fortress ? """
tr	PRES	He lets out soft laugh .
tr	PRES	Finding none , Miguel and I swipe some bananas off one of the trees and start gobbling the fruit .
tr	PRES	""" What about the gold coin ?"
tr	PAST	Outside , his bike rumbled to life , roared to a thunder as he took it to the street .
tr	PRES	""" You should let me go , warrior , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	He pushes the hair back from my face and I start to open my eyes to look up at him .
tr	PRES	Are you cured ? '
tr	PRES	Shelby opens the huge doors .
tr	PRES	Ten pins spill with a loud crash , rattling under the lane .
tr	PAST	26 While the Ashland underworld looked on , Madeline and I both readied ourselves for our duel .
tr	PAST	Here he lingered , afraid of going any further in this madness .
tr	PAST	Duncan extended his hand to the dark-haired man .
tr	PRES	""" You disagree about what ? """
tr	PAST	He withdrew enough once a month to pay for farm upkeep , food and take care of any bills .
tr	PAST	He abandoned the rest of his Filet o ' Fish .
tr	PAST	He hooked his thumbs in his wide leather belt .
tr	PAST	""" We don 't really have much choice , "" Lizzie joked joining him ."
tr	PRES	"I detest the fact that the prince , along with everyone else , has abandoned him . """
tr	PRES	""" I assume Lydia asked me to begin because I 've taken classes here before ."
tr	PRES	The ball pulses for a few seconds .
tr	PRES	Another feign attempt fails as Mai doesn 't lead the boy into a trap with a false warning .
tr	PRES	It doesn 't take much accessing to know that the message is from Natasha , who 's in France , and is also the girl Holly loves .
tr	PRES	"I almost shout , "" Go away ! """
tr	PRES	I fold my arms across my chest .
tr	PAST	""" This group of men protected the first council who reigned in peace for many generations ."
tr	PAST	""" I 'm done with your back , "" he announced ."
tr	PAST	He exhaled and let the arrow fly .
tr	PAST	I pretended I had food poisoning , but I was sure none of them bought it .
tr	PRES	""" Good thing I used to be a Boy Scout , "" he teased ."
tr	PRES	""" What authority allows you to use such a dangerous creature , especially on youth ? """
tr	PRES	""" Aren 't we all , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PRES	He stands up in all his nakedness and marches toward the pile of clothes .
tr	PRES	His angry expression softens , and then he shoves my shoulder playfully .
tr	PRES	""" What some sexy fun ? """
tr	PRES	And she throws up more .
tr	PAST	His companion , who sounded younger , exclaimed , ' My God , Horney , why ? '
tr	PAST	In a fast racing motion , he leaped in the air , and jabbed an upper kick .
tr	PAST	She rummaged around in a storage box and retrieved a large pair of rusty binoculars .
tr	PAST	"He tensed , waiting for the inevitable gasp of horror , even though she 'd assured him of his "" animal magnetism . """
tr	PAST	"He screeched , "" Go and ambush the group of children that search for the Cup !"
tr	PRES	Whatever the color , the shape , the design of the shade that conceals it , the flame inside the lamp remains the same .
tr	PAST	The four new corridors terminated in metal doorways , the same iridescent metal used inside the hulk of the obelisk .
tr	PAST	His nose disintegrated and blood sprayed everywhere , but he was fighting for his life and would not let go .
tr	PRES	""" Here we go with the shaving thing again , "" Jack mutters ."
tr	PAST	"But like I said , fate intervened and I had the damn stroke first . """
tr	PRES	She points to where all my boys are sitting around the kitchen table .
tr	PAST	The Jeep rumbled over the road pocked with pot holes .
tr	PAST	He fanned out the keys with trembling fingers and found the right one .
tr	PAST	The twenty foot TV screen above the entrance glowed bright orange with Goliath 's black logo in the center .
tr	PRES	Or falls off a bridge .
tr	PAST	The cat leaped down and scurried out of sight .
tr	PAST	"His rhythm faltered for a couple of beats before he continued , "" I wanted to go for one more run down the mountain ."
tr	PRES	The letter 'D . '
tr	PRES	Kyle , our storm chaser guide , snaps a photo for his website .
tr	PAST	Sean , stung by his own negligence , leaped from the bed in one graceful movement .
tr	PAST	Becca slowed and turned left into a narrow dirt drive pocked with deep puddles .
tr	PRES	The press passes she had received had Senator Maxwell 's Victory Celebration written on them .
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , "" I mumbled against the sheet ."
tr	PRES	""" You should be so lucky , "" he mumbled beneath his breath ."
tr	PAST	He stripped off his filthy shirt but didn 't bother changing his trousers .
tr	PAST	With each new Elite we recruit , I learn , experiment , and record .
tr	PAST	I flung myself out into the fresh night air with the werewolves in close pursuit .
tr	PAST	Veronica described the latest additions to the nursery and the antics of her kids at school who were all eager to get out for the summer break .
tr	PAST	He thanked Dalton , told him he was looking a bit better , and left .
tr	PRES	He snorts wiping his clean hands of the noobs , yelling .
tr	PRES	""" Message begins : Dear Marcia , I hope you are keeping well ."
tr	PRES	""" Say it again , "" I begged ."
tr	PAST	He crouched in its shallow coldness and drank .
tr	PAST	Teri stripped off her jacket and dumped it on a chair , walked out of her shoes , and collapsed on the sofa .
tr	PAST	""" I think that 's the coast road , "" Rachel announced ."
tr	PAST	"I 'm thinking we have met before , "" I dared to tell her ."
tr	PAST	She must have sensed it , too .
tr	PRES	"Even the T-shirt . """
tr	PAST	The van slowed , and stopped .
tr	PAST	Still the pair chattered away at each other in a series of grunts and clicks Beth couldn 't make sense of .
tr	PRES	The more of a nuisance she could make herself , the better her chances .
tr	PAST	He vibrated , or maybe the spirit did .
tr	PAST	All the pieces of me that had felt broken and useless where suddenly fused together , ready to fight whatever enemy had hurt her .
tr	PAST	""" He quit when he was attacked at the door by a pair who 'd managed to get an access code to the gate ."
tr	PRES	One of the fit young jungle dwellers offers to take Doug 's tool bag , and Doug doesn 't protest .
tr	PAST	I shrieked , surprised .
tr	PAST	She steadied her breath again , tried to do the same with her mind , her pulse .
tr	PRES	He pushes up on his elbow and is over me .
tr	PRES	""" To the wharf ? """
tr	PRES	He disappears from the paddock in the direction of the barns .
tr	PRES	""" Nothing worth pursuing comes without patience , "" I teased ."
tr	PAST	When the Head went to speak , Screwdriver pricked him with his weapon .
tr	PAST	When he didn 't see his wife sick anymore , his worries subsided .
tr	PRES	She hears confused whispers .
tr	PAST	Got it from a couple of retired cops .
tr	PRES	"Only seventeen females exist in her race . """
tr	PRES	Then Michael joins Jane on stage .
tr	PRES	""" Aren 't you a feisty one ? """
tr	PRES	Emerson winks at me .
tr	PRES	He dreaded that they were not telling him something .
tr	PRES	Sasha 's lips expand into a malicious smile .
tr	PAST	Mr. Sniper saluted and joined Silent One and Eagle Eye behind the cage on the cart .
tr	PRES	Call me selfish , but I want him to see that I 'm continuing our bloodline .
tr	PRES	Porsche destroys fleets of their sports cars in their testing lab and field trials .
tr	PRES	I anxiously await your response .
tr	PAST	She stormed toward the door .
tr	PRES	""" Mr. Jenkins ? """
tr	PRES	She crawls close and rests her head on my shoulder , but I wince away because she puts pressure on my injured bicep .
tr	PAST	Behind it is a shelf of various jars and containers , all neatly labeled with fractional numbers , filled with little nuts and bolts and metal rings .
tr	PRES	""" The al - knowing , understanding dead languages blah , blah , blah ."
tr	PAST	I fidgeted with the edge of my shirt .
tr	PRES	""" Is reality unreal ? """
tr	PAST	Now I felt much safer , I taped his ankles to the chair base .
tr	PAST	""" I learnt to play the role expected of me ."
tr	PAST	The water reflected the flickering light , like another candle beneath the black surface .
tr	PRES	' No , you idiot .
tr	PAST	Her phone buzzed , and she pulled it from her purse .
tr	PAST	A few minutes later , Ari emerged from the back with a thick envelope filled with 95 crisp one-hundred dollar bills .
tr	PAST	Marissa sat forward in the chair , her hands clasped in her lap .
tr	PAST	Small shoots of seaweed sprouted from the sand and slid over Slink 's feet .
tr	PAST	Smoke and dust emerged from the air , clouding our vision , but with the pale hand still extended , I could clearly see Mary .
tr	PAST	Al the guys cheered .
tr	PAST	* * * She dreamed of him constantly .
tr	PRES	Hailey 's hand slides down my chest to rest over my heart .
tr	PAST	Jazz angrily slapped the cell phone back on her belt , tossed the coffee cups and headed home .
tr	PRES	It only partially helps .
tr	PRES	""" You better not hurt me , "" I warn ."
tr	PRES	"She forgave me . """
tr	PRES	""" Go , "" she growled , her voice hoarse ."
tr	PAST	A sword just barely pricked his side .
tr	PAST	Three of the men were dressed in expensive grey suits , mirrored sunglasses resting on their slicked back grey hair .
tr	PRES	""" What request ? """
tr	PAST	""" That anxious , are you ? """
tr	PAST	As we got closer , I tensed up .
tr	PAST	I sobbed in pain and anger and started limping toward him , practically dragging my bloodied leg behind me , gun at my side .
tr	PAST	""" It was over thirty years ago , "" Thomas countered ."
tr	PAST	She feared seeing a second note from John Hawkes , but she had to check .
tr	PAST	The curtains rustled in the wind and the sound of sirens blared on the distant ground below .
tr	PAST	Just like before when they 'd spoken to each other , he 'd felt her presence , sensed her emotions .
tr	PRES	""" I want to relieve you of all that pent-up anger , teach you how to release it ."
tr	PAST	He sobbed again , and wiped the tears away from his face with his sleeve .
tr	PRES	""" I recall so little ."
tr	PAST	I prayed that Tyler wasn 't in there .
tr	PRES	""" Thayer , no , "" I plead ."
tr	PRES	' Take all the time you want , Pol .
tr	PAST	As she let it go , the complete darkness of the woods engulfed her .
tr	PAST	""" All of us chaps potter around this place and occasionally fly those beautiful ladies outside ."
tr	PRES	"But , remember this , notify me prior to taking any action . """
tr	PRES	Then she clears her throat and says it again .
tr	PRES	"* * * "" IS IT HIM ? """
tr	PAST	Bugs droned in response along with the low hum of the idling plane engines .
tr	PAST	Rennie 's fingers caressed the back of her head .
tr	PAST	Eden stiffened in his arms and shot me a nasty look .
tr	PRES	Lucy likes to joke as always and Nick is working like always .
tr	PAST	The man jabbed his hands inside the opening .
tr	PRES	I fetch Sam and we walk along the beach , taking off our shoes and enjoying the warm sand beneath our feet .
tr	PRES	He clutches forcefully , bruising my skin .
tr	PAST	He dove behind his last henchman , who happened to be holding Miranda from behind in a now loose half Nelson .
tr	PAST	""" Don 't even think about it , Charlie , "" exclaimed Michael , already understanding what Charlie was thinking ."
tr	PAST	Medusa sobbed and turned , in search of her love .
tr	PAST	The men tensed while Helen kissed her cheek .
tr	PAST	The man saluted and immediately began blowing a quick signal on his horn .
tr	PRES	Not a queen who , with her king , legend tells begins a dynasty .
tr	PRES	""" They belong in cages . """
tr	PRES	""" First instructor ? """
tr	PRES	""" What brings you and your father here ? """
tr	PRES	She lets out this whimpering moan that I 've never heard before and I just about lose it .
tr	PAST	"When they pulled him over he acted all innocent until they looked in the back of his truck . """
tr	PAST	She stuffed her cleaning smock into her caddy .
tr	PRES	"I assume that you 've handled things on your end ? """
tr	PAST	The dimwitted monster grunted as the dervish barreled into it and knocked the mighty thing off its clawed feet .
tr	PRES	""" Leave ' im be ! """
tr	PAST	I exhaled in relief .
tr	PRES	""" And off-limits to you . """
tr	PAST	""" Please , "" Kira sobbed , unable to imagine the pain worsening ."
tr	PRES	Tender warmth streams through me .
tr	PAST	""" Let 's go visit your grandmother , "" Viktor dared ."
tr	PAST	Willow 's heart practically exploded from her chest when she looked up and saw five huge wolves standing just at the edge of a line of trees .
tr	PAST	I inhaled sharply as the very tips of his fingers traveled down my chest and over my bra .
tr	PAST	""" It doesn 't matter anyway because I don 't think Charlie cares for her that much , "" he stated ."
tr	PRES	""" Abigail , you are ... "" "" Abby ."
tr	PRES	Then the meteorite shower stops flinging out rocks and it 's done and finished .
tr	PRES	... I belong to you .
tr	PRES	""" A fan ? """
tr	PAST	His body bounced onto the hood , denting the shiny metal on impact .
tr	PAST	Very little time later , the steady rise and fall of Aiden 's chest deepened .
tr	PAST	For Lilly , and most of all for the sake of any relationship he might salvage with Molly , he opted to trust .
tr	PAST	They chased women , and caught them often .
tr	PAST	Noah lounged on a love seat by a coffee table laden with magazines .
tr	PAST	I clasped a hand over my mouth to swallow a scream .
tr	PAST	One emerged victorious , carrying the other 's heart , and charged toward me .
tr	PRES	""" Gene therapy . """
tr	PRES	I snap , scowling .
tr	PRES	""" But where are the guests ?"
tr	PAST	"The computers , were they hacked from the outside ? """
tr	PAST	Cassidy shifted at the last second , the change painful this time , and caught the doorframe with both hands .
tr	PAST	Toby quit breathing -- and there he heard clearer the sound of another 's breath .
tr	PAST	The generator 's roar muted a little as the line shuffled forward .
tr	PRES	He blames himself for something he had no control over .
tr	PRES	Gabe clears his throat , brushes the hair out of his eyes .
tr	PAST	Some protestors and bystanders sought refuge in shops which had decided not to close , causing more mayhem in spaces which were difficult to police .
tr	PAST	Mia padded out of the bedroom and headed down the hallway .
tr	PRES	""" Henry , "" I cal out ."
tr	PAST	Sonia 's body jolted and her head jerked back .
tr	PAST	I received an offer of employment from some people I used to know a long time ago .
tr	PAST	Instead , slowly , he unwound her hair from his finger and took a step away .
tr	PAST	But her hand froze halfway to the latch , and a shudder of fear snapped her out of her hypnotized state .
tr	PAST	A menacing chuckle rumbled in his chest .
tr	PAST	He destroyed an entire family .
tr	PRES	Says I told you to stop .
tr	PAST	They crawled around on their hands and knees , gasping for breath .
tr	PAST	Duke slapped the cuffs onto Memory Eraser 's hands and threw him over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	""" He kills bugs all the time . """
tr	PAST	The one on the left glided around and clicked with no effort , but the one on the right was stiff and would not turn .
tr	PAST	He upended a leather bag into the palm of his hand .
tr	PAST	Always with that sad , yearning expression that revealed her mother still mourned the loss of her husband .
tr	PRES	Ingrid holds out her hand , palm facing the floor , and examines her nails .
tr	PRES	She slides past Blackwell .
tr	PRES	""" You mean , what incident ? """
tr	PRES	""" I golf and I swim ."
tr	PRES	""" Um ... how about I set it in the drawing room for you , Madam . """
tr	PRES	Without any twigs snapping or leaves crackling under her paws , cushioned by the soft sand , she stealthily approaches her prey .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and tilted her chin .
tr	PRES	A sleepless night , but Dan was ready the next morning .
tr	PAST	A crooked grin tugged at his lips as he leaned over so I could wipe his neck clean .
tr	PRES	After the paddles were fully charged , the defibrillator discharged with another agonizing bolt of electricity .
tr	PAST	An upbeat dance track merged into the last chords of the song and a gust of cold air blew across Avery 's skin .
tr	PRES	His jaw hardens and his careful facade begins to fall away .
tr	PRES	""" A lawyer ? """
tr	PAST	We taxied out of the water at the Custom 's shack and the pilots shut down the engines .
tr	PRES	The chilled air of the cavern spread goosebumps over my exposed skin .
tr	PAST	Her expression froze , eyes wide , mouth dropped .
tr	PRES	""" Fuck me , Luca , "" she whispers , as her eyes meet mine ."
tr	PRES	Her voice husky and full of need .
tr	PRES	Tables were overturned , stalls broken , windows shattered .
tr	PAST	Dylan swiped his finger over the screen .
tr	PAST	Patrick hopped into the ditch for cover .
tr	PRES	She grits her teeth .
tr	PAST	Kate and Jenny giggled as I made a horrid face .
tr	PRES	""" Since you feel unwell and ate so little . """
tr	PRES	Her brow pinches together .
tr	PRES	""" If the Dog code of honor allows you more than one subject . """
tr	PAST	She wriggled her hand free , waited for him to dip down to her again .
tr	PAST	I scooted back uncomfortably .
tr	PRES	Apart from the odd chair , some office furniture , a few clothes racks .
tr	PRES	""" Is that you breathing so hard , moron ? """
tr	PRES	The GTO begins to slant sideways as Benny turns it .
tr	PAST	And then he proceeded to demonstrate exactly how pleasurable their latest collaboration could be .
tr	PAST	Even as the words left his mouth , he marveled that he could say them .
tr	PRES	""" The Veil ? """
tr	PRES	Inquisitors , some on horseback and some on foot , patrol the bridges .
tr	PRES	A general urge for retribution .
tr	PRES	I exhale being stuck as watcher while my best buds and blossoms have finished their academic imprisonment duty for the afternoon .
tr	PRES	"Particularly as their time draws near . """
tr	PAST	I thanked the driver and left the comfort of the car .
tr	PAST	He deliberately baited her .
tr	PRES	"And that , she couldn "" t bear ."
tr	PRES	""" I love you so much , "" I murmur ."
tr	PAST	So many questions swirled around in my head that I felt like it was going to explode .
tr	PRES	I stop in front of her in the middle of the muddy grass and her eyelids lift open , her lashes fluttering against the raindrops .
tr	PRES	My name sighs from his lips with all the love and anguish of a hopeless prayer .
tr	PAST	I spewed my drink all over Brett 's laptop .
tr	PRES	It begins to move slowly forward as the girls cut , move and push the branches and vines out of the way .
tr	PRES	Maya and her sighs .
tr	PAST	The ski mask I was wearing protected my face .
tr	PAST	"You charged porn to my credit card ? """
tr	PAST	He had risked their ship and the lives of all the crew because of his failure .
tr	PAST	Just as Ali 's mind started to wander into that wasteland of hysteria once more , Spencer slapped the book shut and looked at her phone .
tr	PAST	Kirstie hopped to a stop between them .
tr	PAST	""" I believe you , "" I piped up ."
tr	PAST	She adjusted a quiver on her shoulder to better assist him standing up straight .
tr	PAST	""" It 's the same symbol , "" Echo stated as she subconsciously touched the horse on her chest ."
tr	PRES	Sean never talks about the future .
tr	PRES	And a kind of alcove for brooms , pitchforks , the curry combs , hoof picks , hooks again for buckets .
tr	PRES	Something that tends to happen when you sleep in your clothes .
tr	PRES	""" Aye ... Nae mercy f ' th ' weak . """
tr	PRES	Kayla 's dad opens the door .
tr	PAST	A huge fat creature emerged from the darkness .
tr	PAST	In Meadowlands buses rumbled on all day and all night .
tr	PAST	She stiffened then , tossing her chin in the air like I had offended her and turned to Jericho .
tr	PAST	The scent of honey mingled with his cologne as the soft petals caressed her cheek .
tr	PRES	Then mumbled another thank you to Jase , before following her out of the room .
tr	PRES	Its face plates flip and fold in concentration as it instantly starts to disarm the device .
tr	PRES	""" It 's nice to finally meet you , November , "" she whispers into my hair ."
tr	PRES	This helps readers find new authors that they may have never heard of before , but may enjoy .
tr	PAST	I eyed the liquor store again .
tr	PRES	""" With ... with the Warriors . """
tr	PRES	The chaplain 's expression mixed equal amounts of embarrassment and disbelief with a slight hint of something that could be classified as vague amusement .
tr	PRES	I wince when I hear this .
tr	PAST	I floated over his head while he slipped a key card in the slot , walked into his room and shut the door .
tr	PRES	As they came within social range Karma turned to hug Fate , a lunge he initially mistook for a right hook .
tr	PRES	He mumbled a few words , but was overwhelmed by everything .
tr	PAST	Knox 's frown deepened , and suddenly he looked much older than he really was .
tr	PRES	""" This one , "" he said , pointing to one key , "" opens the dead bolt on the front door ."
tr	PAST	Kara bounced around and tried this piece of jewelry with her dress and that piece of jewelry and tied it with her other accessories .
tr	PRES	The ninth remains a mystery and a source of much speculation today by historians .
tr	PRES	""" Easy , Kayla , "" Aiden breathes in my ear ."
tr	PAST	Instead , the behavior of the system emerged , the result of hundreds of small interactions occurring at a lower level .
tr	PRES	"Donovan took a step forward , risking that "" Evie "" wouldn 't tuck tail and run , the child hauled over her shoulder ."
tr	PRES	The spectacle in front of me draws in Rex and Tanner 's attention .
tr	PAST	He swiped a slab of butter onto a warm piece of bread and smiled thinking of Michelle sitting across from him .
tr	PRES	"All of it lies ! """
tr	PAST	The stallion charged to pen her in , and both horses swung straight toward Ainsley .
tr	PRES	My shoulders relax when I realize it is manageable enough to bear for a while .
tr	PAST	I dared bend down to grip her arm and pull her up , but she resisted me .
tr	PAST	Though without Joyce ... ' Her voice wavered uncertainly .
tr	PRES	""" You two complement each other perfectly ."
tr	PAST	As unique and mysterious as Twilight 's Dawn was , it still represented a loss of the power she once wielded .
tr	PRES	If I changed my name would these memories fade ?
tr	PRES	"At some point it falls , and I 'd rather be cynical than naive any day of the week . """
tr	PAST	Every year I conducted the same experiment and every year I received the same results .
tr	PAST	Angry waves exploded against the hull and filled the air with tumbling water .
tr	PRES	All the stories about magical creatures originated here .
tr	PAST	Benji scooted out from under his car and petted Snuggles .
tr	PAST	But instead I plunged back in .
tr	PRES	   Devon and Tammie arrive at the clinic , terrified .
tr	PAST	Then , without any further wavering they charged - the fight was on .
tr	PAST	When he stood up , the kids in the wings fled , and went back to whatever they were supposed to be doing in the first place .
tr	PAST	Daniel solved Louisa 's problem of wondering if she would ever dare enter Fellows ' bedroom by opening the door and barging in himself .
tr	PRES	It helps you not to lie to yourself anymore .
tr	PRES	""" Alright , "" Coach said , "" lets get to it . """
tr	PAST	Meg exclaimed , her bright smile not entirely masking the concern flashing in her eyes .
tr	PRES	Jackson pulled me close , his eyes gleaming with humor and love .
tr	PRES	For some reason , the medical center likes us to have our full name plastered on everything .
tr	PRES	To my surprise , he whispers in my ear .
tr	PRES	""" Not every dress sells for that , each dress takes a long time to make , and I have one hell of a lot of overhead ."
tr	PRES	""" Dude , there 's like , pencil crap and who knows what in here . """
tr	PAST	He dared not take both plates , as Rafael would then have noted the theft much sooner .
tr	PRES	He stops , looks around and finally decides to sit at a place , which is close to river stream and opens to stretched landscape .
tr	PRES	She murmurs my name to the sentry on duty , who nods and opens the door , announcing me .
tr	PAST	- After he had introduced himself and the topics for the conference , Jon Perry motioned for the next person to come up .
tr	PAST	sang Emer as she skipped beside Scarlett .
tr	PRES	""" I assume you know where this storehouse is ? """
tr	PRES	"Like I said , we roam the world and try our best to keep things in balance . """
tr	PAST	"You stole my son ! """
tr	PRES	Carolina stands and narrows her eyes at him .
tr	PAST	He froze the frame and zoomed in on Simon .
tr	PRES	She tries to lift it onto her lap , but it 's stiff , stuck to the ground .
tr	PAST	It triggered my heart to beat faster and my skin to tingle .
tr	PAST	Tanner 's soap mingled with the musky smoke swirling around the old church .
tr	PAST	His arms unwound from her .
tr	PRES	Cami scoots forward in the saddle to give me room , but when she relaxes , her butt is rubbing me in all the right places .
tr	PAST	So many opportunities lost , possibilities denied , and for what ?
tr	PRES	' In the orchard . '
tr	PRES	' I ... du n no . '
tr	PRES	She pinches it between her fingertips and says , ' Yes .
tr	PRES	""" A slice . """
tr	PAST	She swirled the last mouth full of champagne in the glass and took in a lung full of the fresh sea air .
tr	PAST	I wept for myself , my way of life and my family and friends , my entire world .
tr	PAST	Sorin claimed the one across from her , and Stephanie claimed the one at his side , forcing Lauren to take the one facing her .
tr	PRES	""" Okay , Thelma , can I get you a refill ? """
tr	PRES	He pushes , grinds , until I 'm weak and shivering when he arches into me the last time , his teeth sinking into my shoulder .
tr	PRES	""" Oooh ... "" "" Dangerous , "" Ivy said , folding her arms ."
tr	PRES	Shorter , sharper , harder , quicker .
tr	PRES	His head bent forward , his lips only inches from her ear .
tr	PRES	""" Be quiet , you idiot ."
tr	PAST	She reported that a local bandit had gotten my sister pregnant , and my sister had foolishly run off with him .
tr	PAST	Every inch of gradually revealed flesh was just as toned and tempting as it could be .
tr	PRES	""" He probably sneaks into movie theaters for every old showing . """
tr	PRES	His eyes shine with pleasure in my direction .
tr	PRES	He opens a desk drawer , but before he hands me a key , he receives a phone call .
tr	PAST	""" And he 's so cute , "" Trajan slapped Ashe on the back ."
tr	PAST	""" You don 't know that , "" Frank piped up ."
tr	PAST	Jake nodded back and then instantly turned to me , the polite indifference in his expression melting as his eyes roamed my face .
tr	PAST	""" Go see what Kaylie would like to eat , "" Rick instructed Anna so she could get it before the concession stand closed ."
tr	PAST	His hungry eyes swooped over every curve and bit of flesh .
tr	PAST	He pecked once , then again , at the lump in the sand .
tr	PAST	I preferred your company , but it was friendship I felt , the love of a sister .
tr	PAST	He tickled my sides and I burst into laughter .
tr	PAST	She hooted in pure denigration .
tr	PAST	He shields my body with the width of his and opens the door for us so we can walk in front of him .
tr	PRES	Then he bursts out laughing .
tr	PAST	It sensed that Vaughn was near , and I could only imagine what he was doing .
tr	PRES	She glances over her shoulder at me for a moment , still worried , but then she quickly gives all her attention to the computer .
tr	PRES	My back arches off the bed .
tr	PRES	She called , her voice unsteady .
tr	PAST	She giggled , wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me , which made me wish we were anywhere but a crowded bar .
tr	PRES	""" Ms. Drake . """
tr	PAST	I quit my struggling to be able to hear what they were saying .
tr	PAST	She lied to me .
tr	PRES	How Chloe used him to fuel the drive for her narcissistic urge for self-preservation .
tr	PRES	I meticulously fold the edges up and grab the roll of tape .
tr	PAST	Ted exhaled , feeling like he would burst with joy as Baby Julian reached for one of his toys .
tr	PRES	She misses you but is happy that you touch her mind often .
tr	PRES	She scooted backward , her hands awkwardly covering her nakedness .
tr	PRES	""" Herding carts at Wal-Mart ?"
tr	PRES	Chapter Two Swift and sure , my life course corrects back to normal .
tr	PAST	A beat-up brown leather sofa and old wood furniture lent a comfortable charm to the rustic interior of the house .
tr	PAST	The three fled ahead of the monstrous being , across bridges and passing chasms that each hoped would swallow the Iron God and his fury .
tr	PRES	""" Bath tub . """
tr	PRES	""" The witch ! """
tr	PRES	""" I am sorry , "" he said , "" seeing my daughter like this brings back those memories ."
tr	PAST	Of course , they created a civilization so technologically advanced that the seesaw shifted once again .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the light to find that Gary was alone in the room hovering half a foot above the bed in the grip of a nightmare .
tr	PRES	""" Waiting and hoping the creature passes on without noticing our trail . """
tr	PRES	announces the Speaker with a crash of his gavel like a clap of thunder from a sudden prairie thunderstorm in the middle of the night .
tr	PAST	For a few painful seconds , silence created a cavern between them .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and rub my palms together like an evil villain .
tr	PAST	""" Harmony was raped when she was fifteen years old , "" Rhapsody revealed sadly ."
tr	PAST	""" I have no choice in the matter , "" Joseph stated ."
tr	PAST	With that , the young boy scampered into the smoke filled hut .
tr	PRES	""" That man saw nothing , he witnessed nothing ."
tr	PRES	She lets out a sharp laugh as tears slip out of her eyes .
tr	PRES	Something occurs to me , and I open one eye .
tr	PRES	He stretches , his broad expanse of torso expanding and contracting .
tr	PAST	She averted her gaze and cleared her throat .
tr	PAST	"Christ , I - "" Haven 's eyes widened as the priest inhaled sharply ."
tr	PRES	' That 's the peak frequency of the Devil 's Interval , ' Jolie explains , handing back his mobile with a satisfied grin .
tr	PAST	The man froze for a second and gave me another look .
tr	PAST	I sniffed , and then wiped my eyes with my sleeve .
tr	PAST	Edward swiped the air with his hand .
tr	PRES	""" This changes everything . """
tr	PAST	""" Slain , "" Lord Peake declared , "" but one man named his killer before he died . """
tr	PAST	Ellis emerged from the room a few moments later with both sabers .
tr	PRES	I mistook you for a prisoner who had failed to obtain the Word .
tr	PRES	""" Please , Roman , "" he begs ."
tr	PRES	""" Well , she normally wears a size 6 or 8 , so I 'm thinking get an 8 or 10 . """
tr	PRES	Old pictures , bank accounts overseas , but nothing about family .
tr	PRES	"Although that 's not encouragement for you to run off whenever the urge strikes you . """
tr	PAST	""" Then why ... "" He slowed the truck ."
tr	PAST	The Mog scampered off with a hiss .
tr	PAST	His body matched hers heat for heat , flame for flame .
tr	PAST	"Good day to you , Sir , "" she uttered , regaining her womanly tone while turning her back to Timmy once more ."
tr	PRES	She even sees a severed hand crawling around .
tr	PAST	I sped through the hallway and into the bathroom , locking the door behind me .
tr	PRES	It crushes man to be in its shadow .
tr	PRES	He opens the gate and takes my hand in his .
tr	PAST	My ears perked up .
tr	PRES	But then when he looked back at me , it freaked me out .
tr	PRES	""" No , no , no ... "" Ryder falls to her knees , her head tipping down ."
tr	PAST	Lyssa stated over and over again that the Drake was only protecting her and spurted out bits and pieces about the Muse brothers .
tr	PRES	He falls across Six 's body , crying and yelling .
tr	PRES	""" All right , all right , "" I mutter , and set off after Emerson ."
tr	PRES	""" You may want to lock the door and sleep in the bedroom tonight by yourself , "" Sienna teased ."
tr	PAST	A calm feeling washed over me and I relaxed slightly as the stabbing hunger eased up a bit .
tr	PAST	A second breath and he identified the intruder as Victor 's father .
tr	PAST	He tickled Noelle 's chin and she gurgled back , which made him laugh .
tr	PRES	Mel glances at Sean out of the corner of her eye , almost pleading with him .
tr	PRES	That girl belongs in an opera house .
tr	PRES	Her looks still exist , but she doesn 't .
tr	PRES	Quinn , ever the actor , signals to Doctor Perkins , who half stands despite being pink with drink .
tr	PAST	Because always , always , my father feared the sea more than he feared the heights .
tr	PRES	""" How 're ye !"
tr	PRES	The stress immediately seeps out of me , just that easily .
tr	PRES	""" But this painful ? """
tr	PAST	He opted not to offer any more wine .
tr	PAST	and I tugged at them , making a frustrated sound .
tr	PRES	Lucas helps Ian to stand , and slowly they all begin walking off of the beach behind the tree line and further in toward the island foliage .
tr	PRES	The anger in their captain 's voice fills them with fear as they run out from under their shelter .
tr	PRES	She still likes Baldwin better .
tr	PAST	Ava massaged her forehead with her fingertips , trying to figure out the best strategy of action .
tr	PRES	A few days before my grand entrance into adulthood , I arrive home from school irritated and disgruntled .
tr	PAST	She fled from the room before the tears that burned her eyes fell .
tr	PAST	But this note proved it was possible .
tr	PRES	""" Why so glum ? """
tr	PRES	Time slows , becomes impossible to measure .
tr	PRES	' It tastes like aniseed balls , only it 's alcoholic . '
tr	PAST	Gucci traded Vince the granola bar for a Snickers she withdrew from her monogrammed lunch sack .
tr	PAST	It 's almost like we 're back to the way we started at Dulce : one guard and one prisoner , this time with our roles reversed .
tr	PRES	The third wave of citizens climbs down the ladders then kneels in puddles of water .
tr	PAST	I sensed deliberation in his movements , but did nothing to stop him .
tr	PRES	""" Then lets see it in action ! """
tr	PAST	The lights twinkled on the sparkles in her hair .
tr	PRES	Nielsen mumbled something indiscernible without hardly looking up and gave a begrudging nod .
tr	PAST	That solved our problems .
tr	PAST	""" And he 's great to be with , "" 100 % lied ."
tr	PAST	The question burning in my mind for the last forty-eight hours finally snaked its way out of my throat .
tr	PAST	It 's beautiful , ' I exclaimed .
tr	PRES	""" Sorry , "" she muttered , contrite ."
tr	PRES	""" No trace of Dan and Little Buck . """
tr	PRES	What brings you to this particular wing of the castle ?
tr	PRES	Beside me Stacey sings along to some catchy , generic song from one of the American Idol runners-up .
tr	PRES	"Simon sees that now , and we can all do better with you up here . """
tr	PAST	""" Mmm , you smell good , "" she slurred ."
tr	PRES	He opens the door and ushers Harlin inside just as my sister comes to check what 's going on .
tr	PRES	I chart the passing events , facts of the day .
tr	PRES	He throws two knives .
tr	PAST	Fearing for my existence , my parents fled and took me into hiding .
tr	PAST	They created a maze of wood that wound its way to the rear of the building .
tr	PRES	Why add one more to the mix ?
tr	PRES	"And each god a Brahman . """
tr	PRES	I certainly disapprove of any more changes contrary to our interests .
tr	PAST	Ernest strapped himself into the winch and eased himself down to the ground .
tr	PRES	The males instantly fel into an uneasy silence and the women ... wel , no matter the species , Rhona could see lust miles away .
tr	PAST	All of his imaginations ceased and his curiosity took over .
tr	PRES	"Return Lucid Dreams "" Imagine a Lucid Dreaming Tournament for Individuals and Multiplayer Teams "" - I said ."
tr	PAST	Cold air-conditioned air washed over my face .
tr	PRES	She glances down at my knee , speculation written all over her face .
tr	PRES	"Nothing but you and me , darlin ' . """
tr	PAST	The plate shattered on the sink .
tr	PRES	' A business expense ? '
tr	PRES	It presses on a certain nerve , and , supposedly stops you feeling sick .
tr	PRES	""" Hey , ask Mack if she happened to see Melinda while she was out today ? """
tr	PAST	Pouring a second glass of wine , she washed down a Xanax , then carried her drink into the living room and checked her messages .
tr	PAST	Maybe she feared her own mother was dead .
tr	PAST	She squealed and tried to break free of his grip .
tr	PRES	""" Sorry , "" he mumbled ."
tr	PAST	She shuffled forward like a doomed woman taking her final steps toward her fate .
tr	PAST	He doubted that it ever would again .
tr	PRES	"ah ... ... Mr Plant . """
tr	PAST	In fact nothing intruded on her mind except for the gorgeous man standing in front of her .
tr	PRES	""" She mentioned that in her journal , "" Haven mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" In your dreams , douche bag . """
tr	PRES	"It helps us get a feel for the kind of monster we 're dealing with . """
tr	PAST	Dawn just giggled and smiled at him .
tr	PAST	Somehow , though , the look on Cam 's face never faltered .
tr	PRES	I thought you weren 't going to use my number , ' I teased . '
tr	PRES	""" And that he recognizes this wine cellar . """
tr	PRES	He pushes out a loud exhale .
tr	PAST	I exit the room , refusing to look back , one foot in front of the other , with my head facing forward .
tr	PRES	She yawns and stifles it behind her hand .
tr	PAST	Her question acted like the proverbial last straw , shutting him down completely and cementing the wall between them .
tr	PRES	Grind the graham crackers in the food processor ( one package at a time ) until they are very finely ground ( like flour ) .
tr	PAST	a familiar voice screeched .
tr	PRES	Raine digs a large key ring out of her jeans pocket and searches through the keys .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Collins 's chair squeaks when it rolls toward her desk .
tr	PRES	Gravity applies to all things evenly regardless of mass - the feather falls at the same rate as the canon ball in a vacuum .
tr	PRES	"A summons to appear at a deposition Friday in Ryan 's divorce . """
tr	PRES	She glances down at her toe .
tr	PRES	Her eyes darken , and she turns away .
tr	PRES	""" She misses you , of course ."
tr	PRES	""" Please spare me . """
tr	PRES	""" Thank you very much , "" Joshua states ."
tr	PRES	Travelling causes her pain and she seldom tours .
tr	PAST	A small smile tugged on her lips .
tr	PRES	"The Dor infused the entire city , making stone and wood shine as if some quiet flame were burning within . """
tr	PAST	"I painted it myself . """
tr	PAST	My hold faltered as I stared at her in surprise .
tr	PAST	She slapped the ground , causing another cloud of dust to rise .
tr	PAST	I stiffened in his arms , refusing to move .
tr	PRES	""" Alex , just relax . """
tr	PAST	Thor willed himself to be strong , to be confident and courageous as a good knight should .
tr	PAST	"Then he seized our hero with a thick arm around his neck and yelled , "" Drop the guns or this kid gets it ! """
tr	PAST	His lips caressed my shaven mound .
tr	PRES	As Emma begins to slip the phone back into her front pocket , it begins to ring .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head back and met his gaze .
tr	PRES	A dresser with a lamp on top of it stands between us .
tr	PRES	It disappears when the burly driver , having perceived some change in the general mood , attempts to punch it off his face .
tr	PRES	A rush of happiness fills me when he gently coaxes a yearling into his stall .
tr	PAST	The feeling of disquiet lingered like the bad smell still permeating the room .
tr	PRES	Several seconds of tape hiss .
tr	PAST	Jake limped off the last step and faked a pained wince and a gasp .
tr	PRES	""" Someone wishes to meet the abomination . """
tr	PRES	""" And put on something that covers up all those tattoos ."
tr	PAST	The Stalker Man 's blue eyes dimmed from electric blue to navy .
tr	PRES	"What brings you to this corner of the world ? """
tr	PAST	A faint white glow , like the glitter of cheap sequins , outlined him .
tr	PRES	"Except , unlike you , I will make use of that power , take advantage of it ; savor it . """
tr	PRES	Mix and mingle with our exotic demonstration models and enjoy complimentary wine and cheese .
tr	PRES	She tries to talk a couple of times .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER 8 I won 't bore us both to tears , me literally when I remember those first trying hours , about my on-the-job training .
tr	PRES	' Er ... like , Eat a Better Pie ? '
tr	PAST	She started to cry uncontrollably , she leaped forward towards him hitting and scratching him as hard as she can .
tr	PRES	Chapter 14 History tends to gloss over revolutions , since they 're an indication of that disunity and internal strife that academics find distressingly messy .
tr	PAST	It shattered and splintered , sending slithers of debris coursing through my veins , grating and fraying the sides .
tr	PRES	She laughs and grabs my hand , then stands up .
tr	PRES	""" No lies between us . """
tr	PAST	I thanked the William 's for their hospitality , although Tom and Betsy looked crestfallen and exhausted .
tr	PAST	She sensed the attack a moment before it came .
tr	PRES	A piss poor family , but Ed himself was a damn good man .
tr	PAST	My body tensed when I heard his voice and I hoped that Conrad did not feel that .
tr	PAST	""" Of this one attempted takeover yes , but you can be sure there are others waiting for their chance ."
tr	PAST	William exhaled , popping my chest forward with a sudden burst , and I felt a flash of anger so scalding running through him it was uncomfortable .
tr	PRES	He giggles and bats my hand away .
tr	PAST	It still bore smudges of blue chalk .
tr	PRES	And a little scary .
tr	PAST	His expression stiffened when she entered , and she could feel his eyes boring into her .
tr	PAST	Chapter 9 Colin froze and every circuit in his brain seemed to short out .
tr	PRES	Then she reaches up , grabs my arms and with no warning , flings them off her .
tr	PRES	Joye shone the flashlight on Tarzan .
tr	PAST	She emerged from a very hot , very long shower feeling almost rested .
tr	PRES	""" That pretty well sums it up , yes . """
tr	PRES	""" Matthew loves my hair down , so I think I 'll stick to that ."
tr	PAST	From this inauspicious beginning emerged a singularly successful research program .
tr	PRES	' The sauce ! '
tr	PRES	Only the praise of the storm brings comfort .
tr	PAST	Seth lingered in the back , leaning against the wall as he eyed the two gods with an edge of distrust .
tr	PAST	The man extended his hand .
tr	PRES	It lands on the carpeted rug , just my good luck , a little sheath protection .
tr	PRES	Yet Edward didn 't want to see it , this tour flicks in and out of consciousness leaving only a sense of wasting time .
tr	PRES	She bothers you with her indifference and insensitivity .
tr	PRES	"When Lara was five years old , she overheard her father say to one of the boarders , "" The wrong child died , ye ken ."
tr	PAST	Dipping a bit of cloth in a bucket , she washed the blood from his neck and shoulder .
tr	PRES	"Around his thick neck hung an apron bearing the silk-screened words , "" Kiss The Chef . """
tr	PRES	""" This is our home system too , "" Blade states ."
tr	PAST	He caressed my arm .
tr	PAST	""" Gemma , "" a feathery voice floated up from beneath my feet ."
tr	PAST	His finger taps the side of the tablet over again .
tr	PAST	The window behind her exploded in a shower of bright , sharp-edged glass , and she felt a rush of wind that blew her hair forward violently .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm fine , "" she lied ."
tr	PRES	I swim over to her , holding my breath .
tr	PAST	Metal screeched as the shower curtain was dragged back .
tr	PAST	Eric 's expression reflected anguish , but Diego couldn 't let this go so easily .
tr	PRES	Her mouth twitches before she reaches out to hug me suddenly .
tr	PRES	""" YOU AND YOU ! """
tr	PRES	""" And it really ticks me off . """
tr	PAST	""" Yep , they named him Rudy ."
tr	PRES	A sniper for the military with more medals than she could count and more kills than she wanted to know about .
tr	PRES	Ketchup 's eyes flare .
tr	PAST	Every bit of insouciance fled and he felt as if he 'd been slammed in the gut .
tr	PAST	I scoffed , happy to see that the blood stopped dripping down my finger .
tr	PAST	I crouched low and quiet in my hiding place praying they would not discover me .
tr	PRES	""" What brings you around a real workplace ? """
tr	PAST	Behind him , the apartment exploded .
tr	PAST	""" So you ... "" He leaned closer , his hot breath brushing my hair with the scent of mint ."
tr	PAST	I inched closer as Nikolas and my father made their way over to Soleil , desperate to hear their conversation .
tr	PRES	""" Well , that explains some things . """
tr	PRES	""" I 'm sorry , "" he mutters over and over ."
tr	PAST	"So , your mother and I , "" he drapes his arms over her shoulder ."
tr	PAST	""" Well , Spencer , can I have the necklace ? """
tr	PRES	""" Oh , that was nice of him , "" Allison comments , picking up her own plate ."
tr	PAST	Train tracks webbed out from the complex , creating silvery moonlit traces .
tr	PAST	He selected a bottle and held it up to the light .
tr	PAST	After dinner , Mrs. Herron proposed dancing , and I offered to play .
tr	PAST	She wept after being sick , running from the kitchen , scared to death of what it could mean .
tr	PAST	He always referred to Luis as sweetie when he was slightly annoyed .
tr	PRES	They fulfill their Wants to stay powerful .
tr	PAST	When I return home I creep into the kitchen and hope that Doyle hasn 't awakened .
tr	PAST	Isabella clasped her hands .
tr	PRES	""" Relax ... "" Really ?"
tr	PRES	He blames himself because he 's a doctor and he thinks he should have seen the signs .
tr	PAST	Sergio yawned and turned to me .
tr	PAST	I shrieked and fell , rolling over and looking behind me .
tr	PAST	Mom visited on almost every bus trip .
tr	PAST	Liam gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	My anger subsided as I watched him shift his weight uneasily from one foot to the other .
tr	PAST	I giggled and looked up at him , happy that he was serenading me .
tr	PRES	"Can you endure it until we reach a hospital in the morning ? """
tr	PAST	Viggo lingered five feet away , hateful eyes devouring me .
tr	PRES	""" Business deals ? """
tr	PRES	Then he stops and looks at me , smiling tiredly .
tr	PRES	Past women gardening , and men riding lawnmowers .
tr	PRES	He touches my chin .
tr	PRES	"In my time , biosynthetic integration has been a proven science for hundreds of years , "" Doctor Hartman states softly and patiently ."
tr	PRES	Not if the Assembly votes to put you in command of the city .
tr	PRES	When he 's finished , Ryan approaches , and it 's all I can do not to throw myself into his arms .
tr	PAST	My entire chest completely hollowed out as if Preston 's words grew claws and snatched the heart straight from between my ribs .
tr	PAST	While he 'd amassed several grand homes around the world , he preferred to keep them sleek and modern .
tr	PAST	Reluctantly , Aria relayed what Noel had told her , including how he 'd visited Ali at The Preserve .
tr	PAST	And they both collapsed laughing .
tr	PRES	Rory mumbled under his breath .
tr	PAST	She sniffed and lifted her head , almost cringing when his hand reached up to wipe her tears away .
tr	PAST	Tristan gritted his teeth and shook his head .
tr	PRES	She rises and brings me the linen coif for my hair .
tr	PRES	""" Sometimes she just holds Mikal and cries ."
tr	PAST	Not awaiting Ewan 's orders , Alaric charged forward , sending his horse into the drifts .
tr	PAST	These dark thoughts troubled him and he walked on , seemingly for many hours .
tr	PRES	"Please , "" he begged ."
tr	PRES	As Emma reaches the stairs up to the greenhouse the rumbling noise subsides .
tr	PAST	He tugged at her and Lily found they were in a park , surrounded by trees .
tr	PRES	The scent of rotting flesh fills the air and I gag .
tr	PRES	""" Come on , Sparrow ."
tr	PAST	Zane asked , voice pitched low so only she would hear it .
tr	PAST	The obelisks glowed and three bright lights orbited the top of the tallest one .
tr	PRES	""" For a bit of wood with a nail in it ? """
tr	PRES	""" No ... I suppose not , "" she mutters , scooping up some of the pasta ."
tr	PRES	She exhales and fakes a smile .
tr	PAST	He eyed it thoughtfully for a moment before putting his hands to it and starting to climb .
tr	PAST	The Gods stood tall , their armor gleaming despite the fiery smoke in the air .
tr	PRES	""" Show them you love me more than your lipstick , "" he teased ."
tr	PAST	Iseo braved the question .
tr	PRES	The crowd stills , confused .
tr	PRES	My recommendations involve moving Aquarius to shallow water just off the North American tectonic plate .
tr	PAST	""" Why would I - "" Gabriel palmed my chin , fingers pressing lightly into my powdered cheeks ."
tr	PRES	' Oh Elle . '
tr	PRES	But he never slows .
tr	PAST	Immediately , an image of Gabriella arose , but he squashed the thought .
tr	PRES	""" Every girl wants a rich husband , "" she sighs dreamily ."
tr	PRES	The rest of the day passes without incident .
tr	PAST	I slapped the handcuffs on him , and we marched him across the flooded street to the gap in the wall .
tr	PAST	Step dismounted , tied his horse to the porch then held , uncertainty scrawled over him .
tr	PAST	Kylie 's phone buzzed , but she ignored it , not wanting to miss out on any conversation that centered on her .
tr	PRES	""" Attempted , "" the Hispanic guy next to her corrects ."
tr	PAST	We exited the room and headed back down the flight of stairs .
tr	PRES	""" Beg your pardon , "" he mumbled , and watched her smile ."
tr	PAST	"Once it got past the bend in the lane and kept heading straight for me , I panicked . """
tr	PRES	Serena points to the squiggly line .
tr	PRES	Kent pushes the first door open .
tr	PAST	Its gentle heart had been overshadowed by the hunger that hunted them , its steady beat muffled by the strident siren behind them .
tr	PAST	I trusted Jackie enough to entrust my father into her care .
tr	PRES	He glares at me .
tr	PAST	Brenda strengthened her dampening field at the same time as she worked on finishing the energy matrix of her spell .
tr	PRES	He tries to back me against the wall , but I bounce off it .
tr	PRES	""" What - "" "" Shh ! """
tr	PAST	Zeus 's ears pricked up and he cocked his head .
tr	PAST	Warm , gentle hands smoothed back his hair , caressed his face .
tr	PAST	The next day , we awoke in the late morning and made love again .
tr	PRES	Anita quickly snuck a look at me , and winked .
tr	PAST	He quieted suddenly and motioned for them all to crouch down amongst the tangled brush .
tr	PRES	In a few seconds the victim 's body shrinks to a lifeless shell of what they once were .
tr	PRES	""" Mint chocolate chip in a sugar cone . """
tr	PRES	They danced and chanted .
tr	PRES	"Grapes provide necessary nutrition for human survival , and for you ladies who don 't like beer , the odd glass of wine will be available . """
tr	PRES	I swing around , seeing the tall , light , and handsome male .
tr	PAST	He sped toward Shallow Springs , thinking the town to be a safe haven .
tr	PAST	The Doberman sloshed through the dirty water fiercely as he barked his threats .
tr	PAST	She relayed their intention to remain inside the tree overnight .
tr	PAST	He piled the bedding on top of the table and arranged it to provide some support for the rifle .
tr	PRES	He exhales loudly and yanks off his shirt .
tr	PRES	""" Hey , you ok ?"
tr	PRES	Dervish glances back at the orange window , still open behind us .
tr	PAST	She urged him on removing her hand from his grip .
tr	PRES	""" He didn 't cheat on me , "" I retort ."
tr	PAST	I screw up more than I don 't .
tr	PRES	""" Jonathan , it 's good to see you sweetheart . """
tr	PAST	I exited and climbed back into my borrowed car .
tr	PAST	Every night , Jenny happily described her school work to her father .
tr	PRES	Heat rises to my face .
tr	PRES	A full bathroom suite of catalogue perfection shone around the drunken crew .
tr	PAST	Lee wrung his hands and looked around some more before turning back to me .
tr	PAST	On the floor of the closet , her stomach churned with a sick mixture of guilt and remorse .
tr	PAST	""" Who invented these , then ? """
tr	PRES	He glances down at me , and I force myself to meet his gaze .
tr	PAST	"I dispatched him with a single shot , so the fur will hardly be damaged at all . """
tr	PRES	She snuck a peek after a moment , tipping her head up slightly so her blue eyes met his .
tr	PRES	""" Sure Mace . """
tr	PRES	"She just throws things in , tastes a bit , then throws something else in . """
tr	PAST	When he caught my eye , he motioned me over .
tr	PRES	He touches my knee , and my eyes practically roll back in my head from the pleasure of his skin connecting with mine .
tr	PRES	""" How solid ? """
tr	PRES	As much as I can assume she doesn 't need rescuing , relief falls over her as soon as we lock eyes .
tr	PRES	I mentally slap myself .
tr	PRES	Sara whipped her head around fast enough to give herself whiplash at the sound of Christopher 's voice .
tr	PAST	I flung my legs out and pulled back hard on the cord , like a rider trying to rein in a runaway horse .
tr	PRES	The sun streams in from the balcony , making me see spots , but I don 't look away .
tr	PRES	"It stands to reason its owners would want to be able to retrieve it if lost or stolen . """
tr	PRES	Her face fades of color as she clumsily sets the cup down on the table , spilling tea all over the place .
tr	PAST	""" You named your daughter after Mickey Mantle , the Yankee center fielder ? """
tr	PRES	It tries to flee but the box opens and a bright light hits it midsection .
tr	PRES	""" Now , please now , "" she begged ."
tr	PAST	the research team leader exclaimed .
tr	PRES	""" The Serpent 's Mark gave me the lovely gift of making you think snakes were crawling all over you , "" he explains with hilarity ."
tr	PAST	A feeling of deception persisted .
tr	PAST	Lacey sniffed around before settling at the foot of the bed .
tr	PAST	Dagmar quickly crawled to the edge of the ridge and lifted her large spectacles to her face .
tr	PRES	""" What about Pennsylvania ? """
tr	PAST	Secretary of Defense Maynard produced a cigar from his breast pocket and held it out .
tr	PRES	""" Nobody likes a bully . """
tr	PRES	Briefly , it shone straight into Sally 's eyes and then , moving on , lit up the pale faces of the Northern Traders .
tr	PRES	""" I don 't want you shooting me up the ass , you moron . """
tr	PRES	""" I guess someone this clumsy doesn 't turn you on anymore , "" she mumbled against his chest ."
tr	PAST	A fallen tree trunk provided better cover .
tr	PRES	The entire world shrinks down to our two bodies as I feel myself subsumed by the sensation .
tr	PRES	""" What about Professor Barclay ? """
tr	PAST	Martin re-entered the room with a plastic cup of water .
tr	PRES	""" He loves to discuss gardening ."
tr	PAST	Mike 's walk slowed as he thought about the program .
tr	PAST	""" Lexa hacked into their com system ."
tr	PAST	I braid my damp hair to the side since I 'm not in the mood to curl it .
tr	PAST	In the next second , those eyes caved in and his long thin body began the instant process of disintegration .
tr	PRES	Or no , many streams .
tr	PAST	""" I didn 't think of it last night , "" her father rumbled ."
tr	PAST	... But despair washed over him once again , when the sun had gone down and he found himself at the supper board .
tr	PAST	""" Of course , I am , "" she stated emphatically before returning to the tiny sandwiches ."
tr	PRES	The floor creaks beneath each slow step I take .
tr	PRES	"Didn 't their mothers teach them any better ? """
tr	PRES	He refuses to be placated in any way .
tr	PRES	""" Okay , ' en . '"
tr	PAST	The alien fled at the mere mention of the words ' you ' and ' out there ' .
tr	PAST	There were beautifully decorated cakes , incredible handmade quilts , homemade jams in beautiful jars , carved wooden toys .
tr	PAST	""" Oh shut up , "" I joked ."
tr	PRES	Suddenly , everything slows .
tr	PAST	Mike eyed the cozy set-up .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm sorry I yelled at you , "" he rasped against my ear ."
tr	PAST	I squinted my eyes and thought about asking him a question .
tr	PAST	She clutched at him and tried to wriggle free .
tr	PAST	""" I can 't either , Mama , "" Victoria lied ."
tr	PAST	He dialed Gina 's cell and put the phone to his ear .
tr	PAST	Every herder who ever lost a sheep to the wood had never dared venture after it .
tr	PAST	Most people hooted and hollered , shaking their angry fists in agreement .
tr	PRES	The fireplace hisses like a whispering lion .
tr	PRES	""" Hell NO . """
tr	PAST	The road is blackened by explosions , the avenue utterly destroyed .
tr	PAST	Brick interpreted the tirade of information .
tr	PAST	Boone inhaled deeply and closed his eyes .
tr	PRES	My grandmother , of course , forgave me long ago .
tr	PAST	His other wing flapped in the breeze , ready to rip free at any moment .
tr	PRES	No major elevation changes .
tr	PAST	I risked another glance at Angus .
tr	PRES	He snorts cocaine off the table then shakes his head and grins .
tr	PRES	Suddenly she hears a thump coming from the deck somewhere above them while her other sisters are talking amongst themselves .
tr	PAST	A low , rumbling growl still accompanied his words .
tr	PRES	""" Harlin , "" she whispers ."
tr	PAST	He stole a car , Mary Ann .
tr	PRES	He pulled gently away , his eyes bleak as he stood .
tr	PRES	""" It 's about to feel even better , "" I murmur against her lips as my fingers wander to the clasp of her bra ."
tr	PRES	Dax throws the piece of pig skin through the air toward me .
tr	PAST	His jaded heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	Says the woman 's voice again after a few moments .
tr	PAST	"In Detroit : "" We invented cars , and the Japanese took the technology away from us ."
tr	PAST	I lied to her .
tr	PRES	""" And if we do piss them off ? """
tr	PAST	Almost instantly , another orgasm catapulted me to the stars , this one stronger than the last .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , he stops and turns , and goes down in to a stairway .
tr	PAST	He propped us up so we were half sitting and half lying down .
tr	PRES	Everyone grants that you 're a brilliant businesswoman .
tr	PAST	"I clipped your wings instead of helping you learn how to fly again . """
tr	PRES	You underestimate yourself and therefore everyone else does too .
tr	PRES	"Why the fuck not ? """
tr	PAST	My entire body stiffened at his questioning tone .
tr	PAST	Here , he risked falling with every step .
tr	PRES	Wide open fields surround the small house that my new family lives in .
tr	PAST	Bernard 's frown deepened , and Aric turned earnestly to face him .
tr	PRES	"So stay , "" I said , pul ing him into the loft ."
tr	PRES	A familiar face stares down at me .
tr	PAST	""" You didn 't answer our question about rest and recuperation , "" Rachel Demarest accused ."
tr	PAST	Angelina snarled at him , she unleashed a rage , hot and mean and without a grain of reason , to protect her vulnerability .
tr	PAST	James 's gut churned .
tr	PRES	Megan giggles , and I shoot her a look .
tr	PRES	That the immature returns to his mother 's kitchen with no other thought than the smell of boiling rice and frying bread .
tr	PRES	"Comes in useful on Renaissance . """
tr	PRES	Marian uses her Katana to cut through the never ending crowd of Crawlers .
tr	PAST	A doctor pushed through the door then , tugged at his mask .
tr	PAST	I regarded him with surprise .
tr	PAST	Then , with an effort , he regained his composure .
tr	PRES	St. Laurent Boulevard to be precise .
tr	PRES	""" Your dad , "" I began , not sure if I could get it out , "" ruined my family . """
tr	PAST	I freeze , recognizing that voice anywhere .
tr	PAST	""" It all hinges on you , "" Tavi rasped ."
tr	PAST	Doris continued to cry beside him , her trembling hands clasped in a desperate prayer .
tr	PRES	Frankie sighs while getting the paper towels off the counter .
tr	PAST	Thankfully , however , her smile never faltered as she felt Lucien place his hand on the small of her back .
tr	PRES	""" Please , "" she begged , panic in her voice ."
tr	PAST	As the God 's eyes scanned the room , he clutched a sword the shape of a lightning bolt in his hand .
tr	PRES	One of the boys murmurs some last taunt to his brother , which is followed by an oof after the offended party throws something at him .
tr	PAST	Reality swirled past as if she were a stationary stone in a stream wearing her away bit by bit .
tr	PAST	""" But this is good , "" Jared countered ."
tr	PRES	""" Dangerous Journey . """
tr	PRES	""" He 's never going to let you ride him now , you idiot ! """
tr	PAST	Bathory threaded through corridors with no hesitation , trusting her grotesque wolf to lead the way .
tr	PAST	Stark regret carved out the lines of his face , even as she noted his full erection and the hot need in his gaze .
tr	PAST	Carol regarded him with a wounded look but said nothing .
tr	PRES	She draws her fingertip across one of the plates and a shiny strip of white appears .
tr	PRES	""" Security services . """
tr	PAST	""" You 've been drinking , "" I accused , smelling the faint trace of liquor on his breath ."
tr	PRES	"' Hah , wizards know how to live all right , "" eh ?"
tr	PRES	When they come upon him , they weaken him .
tr	PRES	""" No fun running out of power halfway to your destination . """
tr	PRES	It pays for my food .
tr	PAST	I propped myself on my elbows and then rolled over and onto my knees .
tr	PAST	My mouth parted on a gasp and the kiss deepened , stealing my breath .
tr	PRES	""" I mean , I felt ... inadequate ."
tr	PAST	Ken fetched the pipe and started walking back to the house .
tr	PRES	Blake holds his arms out to stop the oncoming traffic .
tr	PRES	I lean to give him one last kiss and then get in the car .
tr	PAST	For the first time since the crash , he sensed some fight , some real strength in Adelaide .
tr	PAST	Johnson risked a glance at the man pacing so easily at her side .
tr	PRES	""" I can 't help it , "" I blurt out ."
tr	PAST	""" Well , Ashley did seem a little stressed , "" Claire stated before shaking her head in genuine confusion ."
tr	PAST	A curious feeling of well-being engulfed me .
tr	PRES	Reaching back in after the near miss , Link rips his blade back out of Garo 's chest , barely managing to deflect the next attack .
tr	PRES	Serena presses her lips together .
tr	PRES	"But because we 're both as stubborn as two mules on a hot day , not because you 're royalty and I 'm not . """
tr	PAST	She doubted Wren could afford his own counsel , and from what she knew of public defenders , they were often overworked .
tr	PAST	""" And she never bothered to say anything . """
tr	PRES	Crawley finally stands up and faces the bench .
tr	PRES	""" An enchantment binds the particle in place ."
tr	PRES	""" You can touch it , if you want , "" she offers , holding her hand out to me ."
tr	PAST	The woman cringed in sympathetic pain after Julian hit the biker in the nose .
tr	PRES	""" Power makes the world go round , "" she sings ."
tr	PAST	The flush heightened , and Harriet knew she was right .
tr	PRES	Much scheming remains for me here !
tr	PRES	He glances at me .
tr	PAST	Filled with impotent anger , Victor lingered outside the fence of the Shadow Pack 's compound .
tr	PRES	He sniffs my neck , giving me cold chills .
tr	PAST	Heavy footsteps stomped behind them .
tr	PRES	The Aggro releases me as I collapse to the floor .
tr	PRES	Thayer sighs , running his fingers through his hair so that it stands up like an exclamation point on top of his head .
tr	PAST	His mother eyed Zoe warily .
tr	PAST	""" There 's one way to find out for sure , "" Trip chimed in ."
tr	PAST	She sought his gaze , scowling .
tr	PAST	He motioned for me to follow in the cigarette .
tr	PRES	The Prince and I await Wallace 's return to plan the battle .
tr	PAST	He preferred to steer clear of the fanatics , but at least they could be counted on to plow through to the end .
tr	PAST	He strapped on his seat belt .
tr	PRES	""" We Knew We Should Stop , "" Art whispers ."
tr	PAST	Procedure dictated he shout his command before taking action .
tr	PAST	Tension corded up into his neck , his jaw .
tr	PAST	""" MacDonald , Matthew MacDonald , double ' O ' geneticist with a license to clone , "" she joked ."
tr	PAST	Sarah stiffened as the girl 's other hand dug into her upper arm .
tr	PAST	I sensed the animals near me , and all the insects and creatures I could not name became part of me and I of them .
tr	PAST	Without a job , she attended classes and accumulated more degrees , which I guess is as good a way to keep busy as any .
tr	PRES	He reaches out for her hand but it is too late .
tr	PRES	""" Is the whole rise of Cooper Industries based on lies ? """
tr	PAST	Rhi adjusted the sky so that it wasn 't so vibrantly blue and instead was a soft and soothing pink .
tr	PAST	""" And you , unmoving . """
tr	PAST	Jin charged forward , just as he did before .
tr	PAST	Dean balanced his bag on top and rang a tarnished bell beside the cash register .
tr	PRES	""" Your Mama ! """
tr	PRES	I tuned it out and focused on Sawyer , focused on my peace .
tr	PAST	""" Smokey , come here , "" Gia crooned , holding out her hand ."
tr	PRES	"And not scrawny ones either . """
tr	PRES	He holds up his finger and reaches for an iPod beside the computer .
tr	PRES	No use , it snaps under the weight of my body .
tr	PAST	I eyed Thumbs and he grinned .
tr	PRES	Sonic shrieks echo in the distance , making the hair on the back of my neck stand on end .
tr	PRES	""" Warrior , I am so sorry that you would even considered that as a possibility , "" Aria states with disappointment ."
tr	PAST	I never dreamed our shared , shattered pasts would be what stood in our way .
tr	PAST	I twirled again and felt the fabric grace my legs , my bare feet gliding across the smooth pebbles that made up the shoreline .
tr	PAST	I stormed off into the parlor .
tr	PRES	She stops to take another drink .
tr	PRES	He likes action movies , fantasies , and listens to rock and hip-hop music .
tr	PAST	I ranged far and wide , buffeted by wind , sometimes sailing , sometimes flapping hard .
tr	PRES	Angling my neck back , Helena tries to jerk away , but he only constricts his grip .
tr	PRES	He presses the tip of a fat pointer finger on my desk .
tr	PRES	""" Here , lean on me . """
tr	PAST	The demon squealed in delight .
tr	PAST	Fricke proved quite the professor .
tr	PAST	The umbrella above the table on their porch flapped wildly in the wind .
tr	PRES	And then the chameleon strikes .
tr	PAST	Michele cleaned up once more with a full house that made Clay sit up straight in his chair and reach into his back pocket .
tr	PAST	That described him to a T lately .
tr	PAST	Her muscles tensed , heels digging into his back and she cried out his name when she came .
tr	PRES	His arms wrap around me protectively , the shock of his touch almost jarring in its comfort .
tr	PAST	Daisy , appearing worn and pallid , shuffled off to her room .
tr	PAST	""" Not as terrifying as the real thing , "" I countered ."
tr	PAST	Though honestly , his faith should have wavered sooner .
tr	PRES	Fin knelt beside a large gray wolf , his hand resting on top of its head .
tr	PRES	Winston points at my face .
tr	PRES	This ill wind throws both the ends of her hair and Dove 's mane to and fro .
tr	PRES	Kate points her finger at me , like a teacher reprimanding a student .
tr	PAST	""" We can 't exactly get started immediately , but you could practice , "" she dared him , heat gathering between her thighs and branching outward ."
tr	PRES	My stomach twitches in excitement when Alec stops in the center of the room and turns toward me .
tr	PAST	Celaena adjusted the position of her legs and rolled her neck .
tr	PRES	""" Bennet , "" I correct automatically ."
tr	PAST	I inched further away from him and held onto the door handle .
tr	PAST	So he grunted at her .
tr	PRES	""" And do not presume to dictate to me , Cain ."
tr	PAST	Ty tipped his head toward the older woman .
tr	PAST	He feared only an instant .
tr	PAST	""" Right before you went all Man vs. Wild on me in the parking lot , he revealed that Luc had lied to me . """
tr	PAST	They fantasized that they were just as tough , just before helping with the dinner dishes .
tr	PAST	A sinking feeling tugged at her abdominal cavity .
tr	PAST	My tongue flicked over my suddenly dry lips as I pried my gaze away from the bulge that was evident beneath the thin sheet .
tr	PRES	He lays the cover over me , and reaches over and switches the lamp off , plunging us into darkness .
tr	PAST	Tearing aside the sheets , Colette leaped out of bed and raced down the stairs so fast her bare feet slipped on the carpeted steps .
tr	PRES	""" I was , "" fake yawn , "" about to go to sleep trying to follow you , there detective . """
tr	PRES	Only the slight increase in the tension of his jaw lets me know that my answer has gotten to him .
tr	PRES	""" I never should have sent you to , Gage , "" he whispers with his eyes wide open as though he were sharing a private thought ."
tr	PAST	They elbowed Emily and the others out of the way and started to attach Mrs. Fields to monitors and an oxygen tank .
tr	PAST	He attempted to explain , but the words were trapped in his heart .
tr	PRES	"He plays on the basketball team , even though by "" play "" I mean he sits on the bench ."
tr	PRES	"I approve 60,000 words and you have until June . """
tr	PRES	""" Next Saturday ? """
tr	PRES	She wove a path through the remaining cosmetic counters , angled across accessories and shoes and exited the store through the doors on the cross street .
tr	PAST	Simon , now back on a sealed road , proceeded to head back to the freeway .
tr	PRES	The clothing on the doll matches the description .
tr	PRES	Turns out having money and not looking like a thug actually resulted in people being nice to you .
tr	PRES	"Nobody frowns over a good clothing sale ! """
tr	PRES	"Can you describe it for us ? """
tr	PRES	Lord Loss frowns thoughtfully , but it 's a deceptive frown - he knows exactly what he 's going to ask for .
tr	PRES	""" That is it , "" he announces to us ."
tr	PRES	Jase gazes at me , those green eyes searching my face .
tr	PAST	At night the place crawled with them .
tr	PRES	""" Only one assassin at a time ."
tr	PAST	One snaked around the perimeter of the stage , and the others huddled in dark corners , which lent to the aura of sensuality and privacy .
tr	PRES	None of them pays us any attention , and I don 't look their way more than a second either .
tr	PRES	He reaches between us , strokes his thumb over my clit .
tr	PRES	""" This morning he presented me with a written list of those very same transgressions and demanded I either confess or deny . """
tr	PAST	He downed a fist full of fries .
tr	PRES	Now he reaches out to trace his fingers up my bare arm until he reaches the strap that binds my wrist in place .
tr	PAST	Tanner advanced a step , jabbing the air with a finger .
tr	PRES	"When Maude finished with the elements , she said , "" Swear your vows . """
tr	PRES	He holds his arms out and backs away .
tr	PRES	"The good eggs . """
tr	PRES	Besides , gentle , sensuous lovemaking after that hard and fast effort was just what she needed .
tr	PAST	""" I had to ... , "" I faltered , my face burning ."
tr	PRES	""" What if she refuses ? """
tr	PRES	He opens his notepad before even beginning .
tr	PAST	It provided a wide view of the area , as well as being withdrawn and out of notice from the street .
tr	PRES	He 's had fits all his life .
tr	PRES	""" Rude cow . """
tr	PRES	""" He likes that . """
tr	PRES	He loves me now .
tr	PAST	""" Eleanor has given birth , and the child lives , "" he announced ."
tr	PAST	Riordan doubted it , but he didn 't have time to think so he simply didn 't answer , pulling his mind from hers .
tr	PRES	"Pretending it doesn 't exist allows for a light conscience . """
tr	PAST	Janelle stifled down a snicker .
tr	PRES	""" No good-looking girls in Salt Lake ? """
tr	PRES	It rises to her chest , and she has to look away before it reaches her cheeks .
tr	PRES	' The stuff you learn , eh ? '
tr	PRES	""" Shit , "" I mutter , tearing my eyes away from his perfect face ."
tr	PAST	""" Sofie painted that ? """
tr	PAST	He described her dream , bringing all the details to vivid life and Saxon caught her breath .
tr	PRES	He points to me and punches a fist toward his face , but he 's grinning when he does it .
tr	PRES	""" It 's a long story , "" Emily mumbled ."
tr	PRES	My stomach lurches thinking about what he witnessed .
tr	PAST	She stripped off her jeans and blouse and slid nude into the pool .
tr	PRES	"Martin plays the fiddle . """
tr	PAST	Now the sun ruled the sky .
tr	PAST	She named the man 's family members , and their ages , which rendered the show host speechless .
tr	PRES	Jill reaches the door , and holds up the blue paper cups .
tr	PRES	""" Come , lets tie him up ."
tr	PRES	""" Of course , Radcliffe ."
tr	PRES	Wilf reaches for Viola 's bag and holds it open .
tr	PRES	""" Now , now , Zane ."
tr	PRES	Now , this applies to every lawyer , but at this firm we take this professional relationship very seriously .
tr	PRES	""" So , they belong here ? """
tr	PRES	However , I completely disagree with many of White Eagle 's ways of conduct , with His hypocrisy and His using lies to control Colony members .
tr	PRES	"Really , "" I emphasize ."
tr	PRES	She slams the door and then slips off her boots beside the door and winds around the table , heading across the kitchen toward me .
tr	PAST	Her eyes dropped closed , I feared as another means of escape .
tr	PAST	Charlie chimed in and Amy nodded in agreement .
tr	PAST	"Aboriginal elders interviewed by the author referred to these events as being from "" white man time "" ."
tr	PRES	Another twirling display of aggression and the boy remains untouched .
tr	PRES	He phones and we agree a meeting place .
tr	PAST	""" That 's not the way to do it , "" Sunday referred to his accolade which was more acceptable in an opera house ."
tr	PAST	More than anything else I 'd seen , that unsettled me .
tr	PRES	The room falls silent .
tr	PRES	""" But we got here okay , "" the other pilot explains ."
tr	PAST	Because of this he had to use his imagination and VHS copies Star Wars to keep himself entertained .
tr	PAST	He exposed the flat ridge of his stomach , and the muscles rippling there made Renna 's mouth go dry .
tr	PAST	His arms circled her , pulling her close .
tr	PAST	She writhed against him .
tr	PAST	"Chains come to mind , "" he taunted her as he sauntered towards her like a predator ready to pounce ."
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth .
tr	PAST	"Not these two sisters , anyway . """
tr	PAST	Studying the shot , he scrolled across to see the other , his eyes narrowing .
tr	PRES	""" Right on the nose , sweetheart ."
tr	PAST	Isabella sensed a presence behind her .
tr	PRES	""" Mark my word , Guv 'n or , don 't let him go back ."
tr	PAST	The two assassins exited both sides of the viewing area to twin landings at the top of a double flight of stairs .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap cold .
tr	PAST	She untied her black apron , and let it fall below her waist , revealing much more .
tr	PRES	' Hydraulic pump switch on .
tr	PAST	Her panting subsided and her heart slowed as she sat on a mound of moss between the tree roots , bow and quiver across her lap .
tr	PAST	"All those years with Sweet Dove I was powerless , but now I feel as though I could do anything . """
tr	PRES	""" Keep your eyes covered , "" I warn as I lead them deeper into the tunnels ."
tr	PRES	""" Come off it , Trip ."
tr	PRES	I shout at him , hoping that what he 's rummaging for are the explosives he carries .
tr	PAST	Whimsy lightened somber emerald eyes to spring grass .
tr	PRES	She flips a textbook page .
tr	PAST	I wrap my arms tighter around myself , my head still fuzzy , and shuffle behind her into the large room .
tr	PAST	The slabs slowly crawled out of the sides and met in the center with a startling clank .
tr	PRES	""" Remain constant , and I will remain with you . """
tr	PRES	The rattle of the trains also arrive in his attic and in the darkest nights and endless had thought to call it quits .
tr	PRES	"For that much , he at least deserves a decent burial . """
tr	PAST	Dirty , slushy snow piled at the curbs .
tr	PRES	He points it around the room , peering through the scope .
tr	PRES	I snap up a stick and step in behind her .
tr	PRES	Hence the carefully concealing layers of wool and cashmere .
tr	PAST	But she trusted Adam .
tr	PRES	""" What about the reception ? """
tr	PRES	Its people , and those of the Three Kingdoms .
tr	PAST	""" That would be so cool , "" he exclaimed ."
tr	PRES	I exhale with relief when her doorbell rings .
tr	PAST	His growls rumbled hideous and loud , so that the forest creatures went silent , cowering in dens .
tr	PRES	""" I was young and stupid , Maxim ."
tr	PAST	Ahead , the leaves rustled , and J.C. slipped through , handgun out , joining me .
tr	PAST	Her hand glided up to his chest .
tr	PRES	"Someone got here just before us , "" he points out , attempting to mask his smile with a casual tone ."
tr	PRES	The sureness of her vision and purpose shone out of her face .
tr	PRES	Sometimes , Adam joins them .
tr	PRES	A strange emptiness hollows my chest .
tr	PRES	""" Oh my god , "" she breathes ."
tr	PAST	""" Damned if you 're not doing an admirable job of it , "" Marcus grunted ."
tr	PAST	He sniffed the air .
tr	PRES	Something falls out of the pocket .
tr	PRES	He breathes in his satisfaction and lowers to his haunches ; only now do his eyes fill in the spaces left bare by scent and sound .
tr	PRES	Not because he thought Rodney deserved any mercy -- the man was already dead , after all -- but because he needed Lucy to cut him loose .
tr	PAST	Smiling , he propped his feet on his desk and crossed his hands over his abdomen .
tr	PAST	Sylvia grunted and pushed herself up .
tr	PRES	The smile immediately changes back again .
tr	PRES	She remembers how she erred when she was dumped .
tr	PRES	My heart begins to pound .
tr	PAST	"I protected - "" "" I am done with you !"
tr	PRES	""" What brings you here ? """
tr	PAST	Travis fisted two of the drinks , handing one to each of the kids .
tr	PAST	"CHAPTER 5 I do meet the most interesting people "" Please state your business before you come any closer , "" Rick announced ."
tr	PAST	Laurel hauled the stiff , balky steering wheel around with all her might .
tr	PAST	""" Of course "" We hopped in ."
tr	PRES	""" A crown ? """
tr	PAST	Susan twirled the phone cord around her finger and held her breath .
tr	PRES	I hunger for you .
tr	PRES	""" Mummy loves you . """
tr	PRES	One who would smack your hand if she caught you stealing a cookie .
tr	PAST	I spewed steam from my nostrils until hot tears poured down my cheeks .
tr	PAST	Those without souls crouched in the dark waiting for an unsuspecting traveler who knew them .
tr	PAST	If there was anyone on earth she trusted with her life it was Brian .
tr	PAST	Caleb 's sister propped her chin in one hand , looking dejected .
tr	PAST	He flicked another pebble off the wall .
tr	PAST	At what you created .
tr	PAST	Gathering myself and ignoring the burning pain , I teleported .
tr	PAST	For the first time in my life , my mother shattered .
tr	PRES	He helps slide me back into bed and pulls the covers up over me .
tr	PAST	He wavered , but the hands did not let him go until he was steady .
tr	PRES	""" Keep your voice down , "" I hiss ."
tr	PAST	Still , Roland regarded the room as suspect , as though perhaps there were magical ears within the walls .
tr	PRES	"No one kills an Arum in one blast . """
tr	PAST	I trusted him even though he was a thief .
tr	PRES	He passes through us and leads us back to the living room .
tr	PRES	""" Me neither , "" he teased , his chest rising unsteadily against mine ."
tr	PRES	""" First off , she nearly ruined Lucian ."
tr	PAST	As she did she withdrew the dagger at his his throat and leapt back onto her horse , in a fluid graceful , effortless leap .
tr	PRES	""" It freaked me out ."
tr	PRES	"I could have stayed there all day , "" he mumbled in a ravenous , yearning voice ."
tr	PRES	She brings in seasons to wear them down , plant them , fill them with green .
tr	PRES	I lean against his kitchen table , waiting for him to tell me what else is going wrong .
tr	PAST	' Well met , ' Timothy exclaimed offering his hand .
tr	PRES	The time draws near .
tr	PRES	"When Mike and Jake are gone , Ty whispers , "" Who the hel was that tool ? """
tr	PRES	A leather sack ? '
tr	PAST	Very little vegetation sprouted outside , and that which did was spotted with black .
tr	PRES	""" To get you chocolate cake . """
tr	PAST	He flicked a switch on the front of the machine and the lid rose to expose the screen .
tr	PAST	She claimed Oliver must have known Gary beforehand .
tr	PRES	She glares at me .
tr	PRES	I arrive at the island after what feels like an hour but is more likely ten minutes .
tr	PAST	He limped slightly when he left his bedroom in the morning .
tr	PRES	Who the hell talks like that ?
tr	PRES	Great , wonderful , delicious , unbelievable .
tr	PRES	""" I assume this is the friend in question ? """
tr	PRES	"The number belongs to the vampire . """
tr	PAST	They mindlessly cheered for mayhem and maniacally shook the caged fences of the arena .
tr	PAST	She hopped out of the car and walked away .
tr	PRES	She sniffs again , and I know she must be crying .
tr	PAST	He slumped over , too , knocked out cold , and Riley let go of his arms , his face pinched tight in anger .
tr	PAST	He exhaled in rasps .
tr	PRES	Tam uses her left hand to point at the sling that holds her right .
tr	PRES	""" I think they assumed sister means family , "" sister Joseph mumbled under her breath ."
tr	PRES	""" Me too , "" she whispered , her finger tracing the swirling pattern on the marble countertop ."
tr	PAST	Scar smoked beside me , and stared at the window shield as the engine started to roar .
tr	PRES	However , when he shot the tire , Mr. Sommers overreacted , lost control of the car and ended up dead in a ditch .
tr	PRES	""" He just lets me think I 'm managing him ."
tr	PRES	""" But tragic . """
tr	PAST	Realizing who stood right behind her , she froze .
tr	PAST	But Dr. Weimer also reiterated that I am not alone and I do not have to live like I am .
tr	PAST	It glowed a little brighter , its light reflecting on the trunks of the surrounding trees and leaves .
tr	PRES	She did not turn as a figure entered , his boots ringing loudly in the enclosed space , his breathing laboured .
tr	PAST	She mumbled a few words and water gushed out of her own palms , extinguishing the fire .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	Jared volunteered to help me ?
tr	PRES	He removes his hand and I keep going , feeling the soft , veiny skin of his cock ripple slightly at my touch .
tr	PRES	Chapter Twelve Terminal The ground fast approaches , and I shut my eyes .
tr	PAST	If my temper was a burning fuse , that pinched it right off .
tr	PRES	My paramedic sees what I 'm looking at and steps between us , tossing a glare over his shoulder .
tr	PRES	When we enter , she lets go of me and fastens herself to Des 's arm .
tr	PRES	"What about Soren ? """
tr	PRES	And then the gesture opens up to include the dock , the violin lying there , the stream going past .
tr	PRES	"You and I , we belong here . """
tr	PRES	""" Saffron likes odd numbers in a group so they picked Shannon to be the number five . """
tr	PRES	The boy , about eleven if I had to guess , points towards Cherie and yells freak and runs to his mother 's side .
tr	PRES	Sean 's eyes flit away , disappointed by whatever he sees in Daly 's face , and then they find me .
tr	PAST	""" Now , don 't struggle , "" urged Doctor Jones ."
tr	PAST	Almost wrecked his marriage and his career , watching him get away with one crime after another , then having his thugs take the fall .
tr	PRES	' Your father deals in absolutes , Pol .
tr	PRES	My writing partner , Sean , loves shows like these .
tr	PRES	He touches his cheek .
tr	PAST	Pulling her into his arms , Zeke inhaled her warm fresh scent .
tr	PRES	Boko knew what had appealed to Warden about that kind of life , the power plays , the potential for destruction .
tr	PAST	She was making her way through some shop tents that had shut up for business , the day 's rubbish piled up outside them .
tr	PRES	My skin remains quiet and I breathe a sigh of relief .
tr	PAST	More people risked their asses getting to that meeting tonight than we 've ever had before , just on the off chance you might be there .
tr	PAST	The white marble statue softly reflected dozens of flames .
tr	PAST	He hacked again and dug a handkerchief out of his pocket to wipe his mouth .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PRES	""" What about a positional oath ? """
tr	PAST	At the same time , she doubted it would have done much good aside from buying them a small amount of time .
tr	PRES	He stops at an intersection and three women in brightly colored coats cross the street in front of us .
tr	PAST	Naomi Zeigler and Riley Wolfe emerged from the library , glaring at them .
tr	PAST	I prayed for him to have a second chance at life , to find his happiness .
tr	PRES	""" At ease , Drake . """
tr	PAST	The land bore no rumour of him , as if he had never been there at all .
tr	PAST	Jane cocked her head at him quizzically as he relaxed and resumed the conversation .
tr	PAST	I stiffened back up as she crept closer to the truth .
tr	PRES	""" We can 't fight one another , Caesar , "" Peeta explains ."
tr	PRES	Her refusal enraged him .
tr	PAST	The show featured established artists , as well as up-and-coming ones , and craft artisans of every kind .
tr	PRES	"I assume Darius will want to speak with us before you leave . """
tr	PRES	He mumbled through the cigar .
tr	PAST	A waif of a lass , she lingered in the periphery for a moment before moving out of the strong sunlight .
tr	PAST	He dialed the number to work and wondered to himself how far this was going to go .
tr	PRES	It occurs to me in my panic that Grinder is in the house .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm not mad at you , "" he hedged ."
tr	PRES	Selah 's voice reaches a crescendo , an almost shout .
tr	PAST	Then the time stamp skipped again and the room was empty .
tr	PRES	""" Stay safe , bro . """
tr	PRES	14 The morning sun shone through the cafeteria window , dust dancing in its rays .
tr	PRES	"But who protects me from you ? """
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at me , as he smiled .
tr	PAST	He claimed that he could save me .
tr	PAST	Tonight her small but persistent act of independence bothered him more than ever .
tr	PRES	""" Please continue , Mr. Bradford ."
tr	PRES	Recognition flashes in his eyes .
tr	PAST	The Governor reappeared on screen again .
tr	PRES	And no one wears corsets or stays or much of anything except shorts under them . '
tr	PRES	He lies there , motionless , his face obscured by the helmet .
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , sis ."
tr	PRES	Kimbra mumbled looking up from her hands .
tr	PRES	Adel 's jaw opens to say something and then he stops .
tr	PRES	She sees him on the shore and smiles .
tr	PAST	Encouraged by what they both saw in front of them , they urged me to press on and show them what else I had found .
tr	PRES	""" Crap , "" Jack mutters , dropping the card on the table ."
tr	PRES	I mutter as I watch for Connor 's white Audi .
tr	PRES	She likes to sit at the window , just looking out over the city . '
tr	PAST	He sniffed at it carefully , as if somehow expecting it to taste better than the one he 'd had the day before .
tr	PAST	She replaced the receiver .
tr	PRES	As we moved through the Bower , I snuck a surreptitious glance over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	He stares at the other side of the rink .
tr	PAST	Glass spewed through the archway onto the wooden floor .
tr	PRES	And the real gods more alive .
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the cabinet with a thud .
tr	PAST	I exhaled with relief .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms around me to remember him and his strength .
tr	PAST	Maybe they evolve theories , too .
tr	PAST	""" You named it ? """
tr	PRES	""" We observe all necessary formalities before murdering each other . """
tr	PAST	When I reluctantly peered inside , the strength in my legs washed away .
tr	PAST	She dared not dream of him when she was in human form , or around anyone else .
tr	PAST	One of the boys brightened at this and looked up at Leppard then at Madame Veer .
tr	PAST	asked one of the younger sorority sisters , clearly puzzled .
tr	PAST	When I heard what it was , I cringed .
tr	PAST	She shrieked as he wrenched the dagger from her hand .
tr	PRES	This is what you have to go for , your power punch .
tr	PAST	He motioned her toward the elevator and scanned his security card .
tr	PRES	I swing my fist at him again without an explanation , but this time he ducks and slams his fist into my side .
tr	PRES	""" For the Young Army lad ."
tr	PRES	He doesn 't inch toward my nipple , he just strokes his fingers lazily beneath the sensitive sweep of my boob .
tr	PRES	""" I expect you to do whatever you like , "" I snap , worn down from the stress of the previous days ."
tr	PRES	She yawns and I can see how tired she is .
tr	PRES	""" How about Batman and Robin ? """
tr	PRES	""" What brings you so far Out ? """
tr	PAST	He tensed at a noise from above .
tr	PAST	He also slowed , the closer we got to his house .
tr	PAST	My mind seized upon one thing , shock replacing my anger .
tr	PAST	They shrieked some more , rushing up towards me .
tr	PRES	' What about the sharks ? '
tr	PAST	Kathryn giggled and hurried out the door .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh .
tr	PAST	To say all people labeled this should live , and all labeled that should die ?
tr	PAST	When he painfully looked up , I froze , as if my insides stopped working .
tr	PAST	Too dark , he reported quietly to Kendra .
tr	PAST	Back and forth , a slow , light touch that stole the air from his lungs .
tr	PRES	But I assume she would have contacted me before closing it . '
tr	PAST	A careful search revealed a section of fence torn near the bottom .
tr	PRES	Marching toward his foe with bad intentions , Ganondorf throws a heavy punch , expecting the hero to dodge .
tr	PAST	Claire attempted to explain for him .
tr	PAST	Zo exclaimed , having an amazed look to her eyes .
tr	PRES	""" The prophecy mentions twelve beings ."
tr	PAST	""" When you fought me outside the other Princess 's door ( peace be on her , the Blessed ! )"
tr	PRES	Taking pictures of our family hike , BOOM iPhone .
tr	PAST	""" I guess , "" I mumbled , wanting to change the subject but not knowing how ."
tr	PRES	"Vinnie likes his privacy . """
tr	PAST	""" And a rest , "" Meredith said , patting him lightly on the hand ."
tr	PRES	He twitches his brows , impressed with his own solution .
tr	PAST	""" Uh ... "" Fine yellow hues pulse through Gabe 's aura ."
tr	PRES	Or a convenient target ?
tr	PAST	He steered her toward the bed and pushed her gently until she sat perched on the edge .
tr	PAST	He had circled and found a spot a block away on a side street that afforded a narrow view of the Raphael 's home .
tr	PRES	Oh bugger it , now I really am in trouble . '
tr	PAST	Or had she somehow sensed that he was not the man he pretended to be ?
tr	PRES	""" And what about you , Alana ?"
tr	PAST	Whatever they did to Colton , it stripped him of his Conduit ability and left him broken .
tr	PAST	The truck bounced along the path , heaving over the terrain .
tr	PAST	One of the three men scooted in beside me .
tr	PAST	Izzy smacked her hand .
tr	PAST	Marguerite cocked her head .
tr	PAST	Guard posted outside , check .
tr	PAST	Tabitha cringed at her father 's words but shook her head , denying the possibility that Nik would say such things .
tr	PAST	He acted demented ... or drugged .
tr	PRES	""" My apologies . """
tr	PRES	Then another one at Georgie .
tr	PAST	The look of disbelief on John 's face urged Captain Savage to explain further .
tr	PAST	Taking a deep breath , Nicole willed her feet to carry her through the door and into Stephan 's office .
tr	PAST	His car most likely cost more than our house .
tr	PRES	""" I thought we were best friends but I was wrong about you , "" Suzy snaps ."
tr	PRES	""" That explains why you cannot take your eyes from me then . """
tr	PAST	Errol slowed down upon approaching the teacher 's table .
tr	PRES	Grace deserves better than me , and if I 'm around she 'll love me anyway .
tr	PRES	"What if the wizard uses you at night when you would be sleeping ? """
tr	PRES	"Hope it helps your little boy . """
tr	PAST	Ralph eyed the two of us .
tr	PAST	It pierced the sky , a spire of Air and Fire stretching toward the stars .
tr	PRES	His tongue slides deeply into my mouth and our tongues briefly tangle before he pulls away .
tr	PAST	""" And , "" Bridgett urged ."
tr	PAST	I sped around the circumference of the island until I saw The Black Bell in the distance , moored in the harbor .
tr	PAST	They mourned their many dead .
tr	PAST	Giving myself no more time to think , I stiffened two fingers then drove them into the wound 's opening .
tr	PAST	He twirled one of her curls around his finger .
tr	PAST	They eyed each other for a little while , neither willing to back down .
tr	PAST	A hesitant smile tipped her lips .
tr	PRES	Bob slapped her across the face and she blinked hard , her vision fading .
tr	PAST	""" Please , forgive me , "" she wept ."
tr	PRES	Emma announces , catching Justine off guard .
tr	PAST	The lines around Nile 's eyes tensed as he shook his head slowly and looked at the ground .
tr	PRES	With his blurred vision , he sees a thick figure in a plaid skirt and white shirt with shaggy hair .
tr	PAST	Tom uttered an extremely coarse expletive and made as though to dive directly into the trees , but Grey stopped him with a hand on his arm .
tr	PAST	Nik swirled the liquid in his glass , struggling to remain calm .
tr	PAST	"If you do not survive , you doom her to death , or at best a half life . """
tr	PRES	And despite me usually being in control in bed , I crave the opposite .
tr	PAST	Kyle palmed Phoebe 's back .
tr	PRES	Every now and then , the wind changes direction and throws the smoke right back in our faces .
tr	PAST	As the water reached halfway up the back glass , Skyler motioned for her to put on her mask and regulator .
tr	PRES	Mel 's mouth opens , making an audible holy crap sound .
tr	PAST	Hoping our bodies still hid what I was doing , I slowly tugged it free .
tr	PRES	"They tickle my nose . """
tr	PAST	Kellan 's growl rumbled in the quiet cell .
tr	PAST	They attended , but whined a little when it came time for class .
tr	PAST	Claire dumped her backpack on a deserted table .
tr	PRES	He holds it out from his body and turns it so the blade points in , at his stomach .
tr	PRES	""" Emergency Beacon Activated , "" a dispassionate electronic male voice states ."
tr	PRES	""" Oh , God , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PAST	""" It will come true , "" Aimee urged , looking at the door ."
tr	PRES	Still , a girl likes to look her best .
tr	PRES	""" That sounds like I 'm a trophy or something , "" I teased ."
tr	PAST	The bed bounced and footsteps sounded .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , you 're a pretty baby , "" I murmur to it ."
tr	PAST	Robert crumpled to the floor .
tr	PAST	My pulse steadied as I spotted Max and Zella across the room .
tr	PRES	""" The medicine ? """
tr	PRES	""" True , my blessed vessel holds wine converted into the blood of Christ . """
tr	PAST	Laila massaged the back of her neck .
tr	PAST	A semblance of relief reassured Julian .
tr	PAST	He quickly palmed the little license plate in his gloved hand , and placed the other hand on the back of Lucy 's head .
tr	PRES	Some katas involve vigorous arm movements enhancing your cardiovascular upper body strength .
tr	PAST	Her daughter claimed Charlotte was trying to raise her cholesterol and kill her off .
tr	PAST	I scooted over to where he had sat , desiring to be near him .
tr	PRES	"He thinks he has me all figured out , "" I mutter ."
tr	PRES	"Stroke ' im back to life ? """
tr	PAST	""" I may be sick , "" he announced ."
tr	PRES	The land was too rich , the scents too crisp and clean to concentrate .
tr	PAST	The opponent attempted to keep Payton away with a jab , but Payton dodged to the left .
tr	PAST	""" Here , put your hand on that loop and pull , "" he instructed ."
tr	PRES	The same holds true for the mighty Dax .
tr	PAST	My tears soaked up his shirt .
tr	PAST	In their written statement they stated they passed Wallace the night they hit Billy Jo .
tr	PRES	""" Come on , Rick ."
tr	PRES	I mean , who pays for ten minutes even if they 're not shooting people ?
tr	PRES	The light of pride shone in Bo 's smile .
tr	PAST	Russel 's phone beeped once .
tr	PRES	The infidels sing of it .
tr	PAST	He thanked him for believing in him and for taking down the terrorists before a tragedy occurred .
tr	PAST	The bra top matched , too , a wild jungle print over green .
tr	PRES	And then , click .
tr	PRES	""" Thank you , Andre ."
tr	PRES	A sad look steals over Link 's face , knowing she is right .
tr	PRES	After some time passes , James yawns dramatically .
tr	PAST	He clipped the wire around my wrists first ; it tangled free instantly .
tr	PAST	""" No , "" He lied ."
tr	PRES	Sitting beside me , Pat chuckles as he reads what I 've added to a site he 's latched us into .
tr	PRES	' With you and my mum ? '
tr	PRES	""" Not trouble , Trin , adventure ! """
tr	PAST	The others sit immobile , transfixed by the granite of the room that fastens Danny to the floor as the urine stains his trousers and my skirt .
tr	PRES	"' ' I like how you say borrow . """
tr	PRES	he whispers , his voice still filling my dreams .
tr	PAST	Lee stuffed his hands in his pockets and looked away .
tr	PAST	Cleon yawned , his fillings visible in the rearview mirror .
tr	PAST	"Had you not brought it up , I would 've completely forgotten we even had sex , "" she lied to him ."
tr	PRES	He reaches across the table and grabs two tall shot glasses from the eight that are circling the middle of the table .
tr	PRES	""" I tremble in fear , boy ."
tr	PRES	""" Yes , but this guy hates your guts . """
tr	PRES	The more people who enter , the bigger the winnings , so I 've been told to mention it to every table .
tr	PAST	He fathered no children , yet all of the land became his progeny .
tr	PRES	""" I want you , "" she breathes ."
tr	PAST	Above , the stars twinkled endlessly .
tr	PRES	I sing of spring and winter , In my own jolly way to dim the sad Life !
tr	PAST	Brittany literally bounced with each word .
tr	PAST	""" I still don 't know what you 're talking about , "" Jay lied , maintaining his innocence even now ."
tr	PRES	""" She belongs to Arron ."
tr	PAST	A growl rumbled in his throat .
tr	PAST	Gray cringed as the front tires hit the first set of wooden ties , but the stout beams held .
tr	PRES	""" Is Elaine here ? """
tr	PAST	Ever giggled as she popped a giant hunk of beef into her mouth .
tr	PAST	"All I need to do to crush him is expose the crimes he committed . """
tr	PAST	Melanie stuffed the buck fifty into her apron and cleared away the table .
tr	PRES	"Tomorrow , when he "" d had his fill , he "" d be gone ."
tr	PAST	She tugged on the tiny hand enclosed in hers .
tr	PAST	I cringed as I realized that he might think I was some sort of gold digger .
tr	PAST	My Master , of course , required sleep no more than he required food .
tr	PRES	""" Go swim and leave me alone . """
tr	PRES	By day , the sun streams through the spaces in the wood .
tr	PRES	I wove in with him , drawn by his recklessness , laughing openly at him and at everything , and he laughed back , free of malice .
tr	PRES	""" Because I 'm selfish ! """
tr	PRES	"What if he freezes you while you 're flying ? """
tr	PRES	But I tire of politics .
tr	PAST	Devon 's mouth curved into a harsh smile .
tr	PRES	""" But what about Ken ? """
tr	PRES	Raffaele only returns my look with his level gaze .
tr	PAST	A low , rough sound vibrated in his throat , and his entire body tightened .
tr	PRES	He plays with my curls as he coats each strand , strokes my scalp .
tr	PAST	She doubted he would be willing to do it but she might as well ask .
tr	PAST	""" You stole from me , Bec ."
tr	PRES	I relax my hands and sit up , brushing cobweb ash from my cheeks .
tr	PAST	She scampered away through the door .
tr	PRES	' Sightseeing , ' Danny offers .
tr	PRES	He lets out a long breath before getting out of his chair and walking towards the door .
tr	PRES	Sanctuary is his home , my inner voice bellows .
tr	PAST	I clutched at her white coat .
tr	PAST	the president inquired further .
tr	PRES	Seven or eight bodyguards at all times , and there was always a family from somewhere different everyday .
tr	PAST	I feverishly dialed his work number , reminding myself that I could not sound panicked when the receptionist picked up the phone .
tr	PRES	As I warned them Hecate flung more magic .
tr	PAST	They proceeded directly toward the site , following the overhead laser beams .
tr	PAST	Jenny stuffed a few books and her lunch kit into her backpack , and went upstairs to the attic .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , it changes your priorities "" Lily would say , but she didn 't know if she meant it ."
tr	PAST	Pushing the joystick forward , we glided out of the airlock and into the strong house .
tr	PAST	She had risked everything to be with him .
tr	PAST	The rejection slapped over her all the more coming from him .
tr	PAST	Rhyme sensed the priest 's fear .
tr	PAST	Placing the bowl in the middle , she eyed the child sitting on his aunt 's lap as she fed him spoonfuls of cut-up spaghetti .
tr	PAST	Meikle clutched her bag to her chest .
tr	PRES	That was something , a marvel with no compare that she 's been witness to .
tr	PAST	He divided the Romanov family .
tr	PRES	' And the rats steal a hundred times what they eat , the devils . ' '
tr	PRES	"It belongs to Marc . """
tr	PAST	A small smile tugged at the corners of her lips .
tr	PRES	By the tiny crook of his lips , he sees something different .
tr	PRES	""" Oh god ... "" I whispered , as he casually brought a hand to my cheek and pulled me in for a kiss ."
tr	PRES	""" My necklace ! """
tr	PAST	My stomach churned , and my heart began pumping again , but not the way I remembered it .
tr	PAST	I shuffle toward the room where I was interrogated .
tr	PRES	Malcolm glares at me and cinches his helmet a little tighter .
tr	PAST	You lied to me by omission , Gabriel .
tr	PRES	He pushes a button and a law clerk enters .
tr	PAST	He stormed out of the bookstore with a slam of the door .
tr	PRES	Debris begins to rain from the ceiling .
tr	PRES	""" No , that kills pain . """
tr	PAST	So much impact compared to 7 seasons . '
tr	PRES	They huddle in the wall corner , whispering .
tr	PRES	Her inside arm snuck around Doc 's waist .
tr	PAST	Something rustled in the brush , followed by a bleating voice .
tr	PAST	He hauled her in after watching her for a long time .
tr	PRES	""" Oh gawd , tel me you didn 't let Del a cook him . """
tr	PRES	""" I mean , "" he said , grabbing a few papers from under his arm , "" everyone loves us . """
tr	PAST	""" You better find some protection or you 'll have another kid to put through college , "" Rebekah advised ."
tr	PRES	She wraps her arms around his neck and presses her forehead to his .
tr	PRES	"Just a reminder . """
tr	PRES	""" Relax Callie , "" he whispers as he turns the key and the engine purrs to life ."
tr	PAST	The document outlined prior doctor visits and dates that had been supplied by Pam .
tr	PAST	She never trusted anyone enough to let them get that close to her .
tr	PAST	He slapped me on the shoulder , but I knocked away his hand .
tr	PRES	She stands , watching over Ethan , and I wonder if she 's even heard me at all .
tr	PRES	While I nibble she gulps as if there is no tomorrow .
tr	PRES	She glances at me .
tr	PAST	The two hosts , standing side by side to greet their visitors , represented a quarter ton of good living .
tr	PRES	""" Not everyone kills his opponent though . """
tr	PRES	Uncle of the General in Charge our beloved De Peacock supplies this wax from his hardware shop !
tr	PAST	Oakes gritted his teeth and pounded the console .
tr	PRES	""" I guess , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PRES	We exist for one purpose and one purpose only : to save the world from catastrophe .
tr	PAST	He threaded the paddles under the seats , then straightened .
tr	PRES	""" Help me , Elijah ."
tr	PRES	""" Don 't Lissa me , Tony ."
tr	PRES	""" And quite fearless ."
tr	PAST	Her gums itched as her canine teeth protruded .
tr	PRES	""" What responsibilities ? """
tr	PRES	"I yield smiling . """
tr	PAST	They crouched down for a minute in silence and confirmed the site had been deserted .
tr	PRES	""" Just like in training , "" Flynn whispers to me ."
tr	PAST	Kay 's heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	He falls flat to his back , and I crash on top of him .
tr	PRES	""" Only fearless . """
tr	PRES	She buzzes us through the double doors .
tr	PAST	"A psychologist claimed the missing dwarf was psychotic . """
tr	PRES	As the backhoe went out of sight he unloaded the weapon on the two remaining Weeds .
tr	PRES	""" You miserable , rotten bastard ! """
tr	PRES	""" Sean Kendrick ? """
tr	PAST	As the giant cat drew near , the soldier coiled into a fighting stance , sword held ready .
tr	PRES	My feet slap the pavement .
tr	PAST	Finding a pen and paper , she scrawled a two-line message .
tr	PAST	Timothy eyed Max for a few seconds , then the three of them as a group .
tr	PRES	The world stops spinning .
tr	PAST	He was looking down , away , his neck exposed .
tr	PRES	Cooper chews the popcorn then reaches for his water on the bedside table .
tr	PRES	Oxbow stops and studies another side of the cliff .
tr	PAST	"More , "" she begged , wrapping her legs around his hips ."
tr	PRES	The smile fades off his face .
tr	PAST	He flung her off his shoulder and slammed her against the ground .
tr	PAST	Fireworks exploded inside her head .
tr	PRES	Vanessa glances at Rory 's body .
tr	PRES	""" Well , um ... "" I couldn 't lie to her ."
tr	PRES	' Of course , Sire .
tr	PAST	He bore enmities from his past .
tr	PRES	More irritated and crazy protective .
tr	PRES	She flinches and snaps her head up to look me in the eye .
tr	PRES	"Any distraction helps . """
tr	PRES	Crewe slides open the door and is next to jump out .
tr	PAST	I tensed , distraught by his physical closeness , but he put one long finger over my mouth to silence me .
tr	PRES	I scratch my nose to stop myself from laughing at her .
tr	PAST	She tugged her hand free .
tr	PAST	""" So anyhow , it leaves us with a little problem -- I mean , one of procurement ."
tr	PAST	A bleak thought intruded .
tr	PRES	"And they provide training so that you won 't die out there . """
tr	PRES	Preserving the flesh destroys its appearance .
tr	PAST	""" It 's nice to meet you , "" he gritted out ."
tr	PAST	""" Creeps , "" exclaimed Stephanie ."
tr	PRES	""" Good morning , Miss Kelly , "" he mumbled under his breath ."
tr	PAST	I yawned as I slowly opened my eyes and I realized that the room was now dark .
tr	PAST	Coincidence defended his emotions .
tr	PRES	""" A Texas standoff , if I may . """
tr	PRES	""" Can you flag me a taxi ? """
tr	PRES	""" Then let me call you a cab , "" he offers ."
tr	PAST	""" I visited California once before , for Knott 's Berry Farm 's Halloween Haunt ."
tr	PAST	Paul named him after an old friend and insisted that we use his whole name .
tr	PRES	My old friend returns in force , and my eyes water and itch .
tr	PRES	Even though he was joking , that comment still stung .
tr	PRES	Dropping in unexpectedly , bringing only presents , and a ho , ho , ho .
tr	PRES	""" Jace target the tower . """
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved up briefly before she frowned .
tr	PRES	Dudley bears his tired eyes into mine .
tr	PAST	His lips curved in a hint of a smile .
tr	PRES	""" I have to be honest , Janie ."
tr	PAST	Christopher reappeared , carrying the items Tucker had requested .
tr	PAST	You zoned out on me .
tr	PRES	She considers answering the call , but panics and instead sends it to voicemail .
tr	PAST	Ned gritted his teeth and kept going , inching forward .
tr	PAST	""" I won 't do it , "" she sobbed ."
tr	PAST	Preston 's steps slowed .
tr	PRES	He mutters wading his way back to the shore .
tr	PRES	""" Like that girl Bree in the meadow ? """
tr	PAST	"A waiter claimed my attention with a "" Sorry , love . """
tr	PAST	I crouched down and got ready .
tr	PAST	If you did , I lied .
tr	PRES	Six throws her hands up .
tr	PAST	""" I dreamed about black holes . """
tr	PRES	Patrick tries to pull away , but the blond boy has moved behind him .
tr	PRES	But hey , Emerson 's eighteen now , and has the ID to prove it .
tr	PRES	A guy in armor bursts into the room .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , go fuck off . """
tr	PAST	I reversed the Scout carefully back to Kansas Road .
tr	PRES	The Third Law of Robotics states : ' A robot must protect its own existence . '
tr	PAST	' So you lied .
tr	PRES	""" What if the water changes to a dark color ?"
tr	PRES	He slams the door shut .
tr	PAST	She inched backward in an obvious attempt to put more space between them .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PAST	He recruited me from university before I even graduated .
tr	PRES	Evelyn clears her throat .
tr	PAST	Frodo enthusiastically wagged his equally large hairy tail and attempted to stick his nose through the gap where the window had been left ajar .
tr	PRES	The cop , well fake cop , states .
tr	PRES	His hand stretches toward me and then recoils .
tr	PAST	He clasped Darius 's arms just above the elbows in the formal greeting of one warrior to another .
tr	PRES	Everyone freezes again at the sound of Nathan 's voice .
tr	PRES	"He deserves a medal , perhaps the Nobel Prize , not a lawsuit . """
tr	PAST	""" I want you to open your legs for me , "" he countered ."
tr	PAST	They secured the scene while Mike and I went upstairs .
tr	PRES	""" Victoria , "" I shout over the wind ."
tr	PAST	George eyed me curiously .
tr	PRES	""" And truly , Corinne , how could he not fall in love with you ?"
tr	PAST	I extended my hand with a smile .
tr	PAST	Those porches provided Adirondack chairs with colorful cushions and views of the mountains from almost everywhere .
tr	PAST	Her voice crawled out of the darkness and seemed to creep along my skin .
tr	PRES	""" Good night , Sloane , "" he whispers ."
tr	PRES	""" You okay , hon ?"
tr	PRES	Even now , when I 've been assured there will be no permanent damage , I hunger for air .
tr	PAST	Logan replaced the shirt he 'd wadded up against the wound with the towel .
tr	PRES	""" It actually explains a lot . """
tr	PAST	"Beyond us lay conveniently labeled aisles for "" cooking , "" "" outdoors , "" and "" defense . """
tr	PAST	Instead , he vomited his entire being out through that gaping mouth , completely turning himself inside out .
tr	PRES	""" I teach Honors English , so I 'm in the building across from you . """
tr	PRES	""" Can I reserve you this weekend for Saturday night from seven to midnight ? """
tr	PRES	' Taro -- ' he finally began .
tr	PRES	""" Well done , Ms. Messenger . """
tr	PRES	""" He strikes me as a pawn , so he probably has no idea who sent him after you . """
tr	PRES	A distant world holds smart phones , internet routers , and augmented vision -- but is it really a better place ?
tr	PAST	I dealt with her .
tr	PAST	""" Looks good , "" John approved ."
tr	PRES	When we 're like this the rest of the world fades away and everything is perfect .
tr	PRES	Mrs. Garrett sighs as she drops Jase and me off at the hardware store .
tr	PRES	""" And help me sell my stash at the pawnshop ."
tr	PAST	She sped out of the hallway and stood , panting slightly , at the far end of the main entryway .
tr	PRES	People disagree with me all the time .
tr	PRES	Hell , Chase likes to have a good time almost as much as you , but it 's different .
tr	PRES	About an hour later shapes flitted in the darkness , silently making their way towards the place where the Americans had encamped .
tr	PRES	Opening his eyes , he rises .
tr	PRES	""" A laptop -- "" "" You want a laptop ? """
tr	PAST	I doubted if awkward , self-conscious , and inept added up to desirable in anyone 's book .
tr	PAST	Emmie smacked him again , but I caught her blush .
tr	PAST	I shuffle over and sit .
tr	PAST	Its yellow bulging eyes glowed dim yellow , and its thin scaly black limbs glistened in the darkness .
tr	PRES	A guy with pink cheeks and floppy brown hair throws his coat on top of mine .
tr	PAST	Rick absorbed this , but did not relent .
tr	PRES	""" Doug likes you ."
tr	PRES	She shone like the sun as she approached his desk .
tr	PRES	Manuel brings in lavender from Paris for the laundry .
tr	PAST	I writhed against him , pleading for the climax that lay just out of reach , but he simply smiled .
tr	PAST	A small squeaky voice announced , coming from the direction of a pair of big brown eyes , which barely reached above the table .
tr	PAST	She squealed , but raised her stick and blocked the blow .
tr	PRES	Adrenaline begins to leak into my bloodstream , and I silently pray for Isaiah to stride back into the door .
tr	PAST	Tristan cringed under the long fingers .
tr	PAST	He delighted more in large dollops of mysticism .
tr	PAST	he exploded , grabbing the back of my thermal and tugging it up .
tr	PRES	I march through the kitchen in my work boots until I 'm standing a foot in front of her .
tr	PAST	Liam pondered upon it .
tr	PAST	His other hand freed his cell phone .
tr	PRES	My head falls to the side uncontrollably as his palm moves over my breast just outside of my bra .
tr	PAST	The lamp on her desk exploded , shattering glass into fragments .
tr	PRES	"It occurs to me that I 'm the "" worse . """
tr	PAST	The subject presses a button and the elapsed time is measured .
tr	PAST	I phoned him as soon as Mr. Howell contacted me .
tr	PAST	Cassandra eyed him suspiciously , not sure if she should trust him or not .
tr	PAST	She adjusted the buckle on his helmet for a tighter fit .
tr	PAST	She stiffened her spine and heard Chase shift in his chair beside her .
tr	PAST	And by the way the hairs on the back of my neck stood on end , I predicted it wasn 't good .
tr	PAST	""" Seventy-five , "" he countered , her head jerked slightly before he saw her eyes light and her mouth twitch ."
tr	PRES	Picture it in your mind , try to remember every little detail from then on : smells and sounds , anything you can think of that helps .
tr	PRES	I smack my hand against my head .
tr	PRES	Every Merrow , big or small , young or old , rich or poor , carries that exact earring .
tr	PRES	""" It creeps me out too , but the last thing he 'll do is come back here . """
tr	PAST	Biscuit hooked a tow rope to the police SUV , while a bunch of volunteer firefighters coordinated the lifting of the machine off the victim .
tr	PRES	It approached me , its posture timid , and crouched by my side looking for approval .
tr	PRES	He whispers in the giant 's ear before bowing his way back down .
tr	PAST	""" And you were worried , "" she joked to Terra as they climbed ."
tr	PAST	I thanked her mother again for staying with her and she left .
tr	PAST	He dismissed his harangue with a shrug of the shoulders .
tr	PAST	She inched closer to Ned , thankful he was still out cold .
tr	PAST	I dared to ask .
tr	PAST	She swiped a tear away and kept talking .
tr	PAST	He exploded furiously , leaping from his chair , muscles in his jaw rippling like waves on an angry sea .
tr	PAST	I inhaled quickly though my nose , trying to keep from panicking .
tr	PAST	Seven stars circled over his heart .
tr	PRES	He allows his emotions , for once , to show , and lays into his colleague with no remorse .
tr	PRES	""" I love you , "" Gage whispers directly into my ear ."
tr	PRES	Sabine wears a similar hairstyle in her golden brown tresses .
tr	PRES	"She was here when I brought her the water , "" Jermaine mumbled ."
tr	PRES	Ben mumbled from behind the paper .
tr	PAST	Though as he quickened his step toward the two struggling men , he really doubted he 'd need the gun .
tr	PRES	""" It just brings back memories . """
tr	PRES	In fact , I was surprised to learn that David spoke of an alien race , hosts on the space vessels , actual beings of some sort .
tr	PAST	She squinted , as she got closer , more than likely because of the strong luminance the stone was giving off .
tr	PRES	I parked in the building and walked across a large patio , the doors intimidating me into having another coffee in a caf next door .
tr	PAST	As I got out of the limo , I adjusted my tie that she messed with .
tr	PAST	She cringed to think of what he had to say this time .
tr	PAST	The lady stated , warmly .
tr	PRES	""" Facility schematics not found . """
tr	PRES	"Pleased as punch to meet you . """
tr	PAST	She fidgeted on the bed .
tr	PRES	Her torso rises to meet with mine .
tr	PRES	Like a cool breeze on a dry summer day , a plane crash .
tr	PAST	He preferred it that way .
tr	PAST	Deep inside , where instinct sizzled and crackled , he experienced a sudden knowing .
tr	PAST	Every cell vibrated with the thrill of being so desperately wanted by a man she 'd craved for years .
tr	PAST	It exposed her and comforted her at the same time .
tr	PAST	Yeah , I blamed you .
tr	PAST	He stiffened at the memory .
tr	PRES	"It tends to knock the galley around a bit . """
tr	PAST	Jude 's face shadowed as he watched me .
tr	PRES	""" Jump , Miranda , "" he whispers , the sound of his voice dragging across my skin with claws ."
tr	PAST	Pausing by his stump , he leans to one side and his hind leg comes up , claws extended .
tr	PAST	""" Clarissa , dear , "" she exclaimed , raising her good hand toward me ."
tr	PRES	The camera pans back to Orion , who looks defiant .
tr	PRES	He also fills out his jeans like nobody 's business .
tr	PAST	""" No , "" I lied , and then we both went back to our books ."
tr	PRES	"Poor boy always misses out stuff like these and those rollercoaster rides with twists and turns . """
tr	PAST	My attention flicked to his face , shot back to the pad just as fast .
tr	PRES	Minna begins to chant strange words into the night ; her eyes roll back in her head .
tr	PAST	She took his large member in her palm and began stroking him , her fisted hand going up and down .
tr	PRES	""" They tried telling me that you had escaped and left me here , "" she whispers against my ear ."
tr	PAST	She stifled the thought , terrified she had actually blurted that aloud .
tr	PRES	"His mental health , on the other hand - "" "" Forget it ."
tr	PAST	He twinkled as he walked .
tr	PRES	""" I have a wife , "" he begs , as he scrambles backward on feet and hands ."
tr	PAST	The one we emerged onto from the exhaust vent .
tr	PRES	Ares glares at me , and for once , I don 't flinch .
tr	PAST	She squinted at him .
tr	PRES	"Talk till one of us falls asleep and it 'll be just like we 're together . """
tr	PAST	A gasp fled from his lips as he wretched forward his eyes as wide as a full moon .
tr	PAST	She tugged the blankets more securely around her shoulders and continued to use his chest for a pillow .
tr	PRES	""" How awful . """
tr	PRES	Bo lets out little snores .
tr	PRES	The same man who brought the stool brings a cigarette box to her !
tr	PRES	"You know what has to be done , "" I plead ."
tr	PAST	Kinsella blanched at his tone .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm not saying it 's not valuable , "" Seth explains ."
tr	PRES	An eerie twinkle shone in his eyes .
tr	PRES	Slowly he begins to stalk through the forest tracking them when he has an epiphany .
tr	PAST	At the mention of her brother 's name , I tensed my by body and jaw .
tr	PRES	"Felt kinda good , actually ! """
tr	PRES	""" No panties ? """
tr	PRES	Serena stops and turns back around , waiting .
tr	PRES	"She stops by when Watson isn 't there so she can make sure he hasn 't messed anything up . """
tr	PAST	"Tim piped up , "" That 's because you 're not that motivated to sell ."
tr	PRES	""" Walter loves to walk on the Quad ."
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice hoarse .
tr	PAST	Together , Tucker and Kane crawled to the bank , but both kept watch on the shattered hole .
tr	PRES	Jodi cooks them healthy meals .
tr	PRES	""" Before whatever killed them ... "" "" Comes back for us ? """
tr	PAST	Time crawled along with what seemed to Daniel very little progress .
tr	PRES	""" Merci Paris . """
tr	PRES	Storm throws her toned arms around me , oblivious that the contact is making my insides churn and the voice in my head scream .
tr	PAST	Balancing Mathieu on one arm , Luc steadied her with his other .
tr	PAST	Ferguson estimated that Vincent had not been within twenty miles of the front lines in his career .
tr	PRES	"Tied ' em up and led ' em out behind the wagon jist like the sheep an ' pigs . """
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms out and yawns .
tr	PAST	Lodge attempted to sound patient as he explained .
tr	PAST	I eyed the shoes with awe .
tr	PRES	His eyes shone with emotion .
tr	PAST	With a violent wrench , he freed his leg and began charging downwards .
tr	PRES	""" I assume you came in here to tell me something ? """
tr	PRES	""" No signal . """
tr	PRES	Robin 's mouth opens .
tr	PRES	""" Sorry , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Echo and the scorpion circled each other .
tr	PAST	"Will this sweetener prolong my satisfaction further ? """
tr	PRES	Before me lay two long round hallways each leading towards different halves of the space station .
tr	PAST	She tensed to spring , just as the door to the kitchen flew open and Clary burst into the room .
tr	PRES	Lexi whispers softly in my ear .
tr	PRES	Frustrated by his unexpected degree of skill , Less throws two daggers at once , knowing one of them must hit the mark .
tr	PRES	I relax against the wall .
tr	PAST	Reid grunted and clutched at his arm .
tr	PRES	She glances over to the broken mirror .
tr	PRES	He cups my cheek and the electricity between us sparks again .
tr	PRES	""" How about a race ? """
tr	PAST	She scooted out of Hal 's mind as fast as she was able to and flung herself recklessly across the open expanses of the mental stream .
tr	PAST	The waist-high grass flapped past her legs .
tr	PAST	We prayed for him every single night .
tr	PRES	""" Come now , lass ."
tr	PAST	""" Yeah , "" Mina concurred ."
tr	PAST	He estimated it would take thirty men joining hands to encircle it .
tr	PRES	We 're immersed in a darkness only broken by the streams of light the car throws out .
tr	PAST	The General perceived that he was no church-going man .
tr	PAST	He related the small cracking open of the door to Lara 's memory .
tr	PRES	As I try to catch bits of talk , it dawns on me that Aunt Clara hasn 't once consulted my opinion on these arrangements .
tr	PRES	He points to my palm .
tr	PRES	Chalk dust drifts in the air like a thin veil but I see no teacher .
tr	PAST	In another four hours he strapped the medical capsule into a berth in one of Bonne Fortune 's cabins .
tr	PRES	Amar 's smile shrinks a little .
tr	PAST	A few people retreated to the edges of the room , where I could see them .
tr	PRES	When the locals start turning up dead , suspicion falls on the current residents of the creepy castle .
tr	PRES	""" To fight this , "" she said , her voice unsteady and barely audible ."
tr	PAST	Nate collected the remainder of the documents he 'd brought into the room .
tr	PRES	Serena brushes away remnants of a former nest and curls into the tree , trying to imagine she is in her sleeping cove .
tr	PAST	A strange gleam invaded Salem 's eyes .
tr	PAST	They prayed for the Lord to take her on if she could not be healed before she reached the fourth stage .
tr	PRES	That smirk curves his lips again , slowly and sexily .
tr	PRES	""" Not until you compose yourself ."
tr	PAST	He leaped from the truck , dragging her with him , then he hauled her out of the way and up against the tunnel wall .
tr	PRES	I lean against the wall and glare down at the irritating door handle .
tr	PAST	Hassler emerged out of the shadow of the hall , and when he reached her he went down on one knee .
tr	PRES	Her mouth opens up and she sucks in a breath .
tr	PAST	Since she knew that he wouldn 't appreciate any sympathy , especially today , she opted for ignoring the topic .
tr	PRES	God reaches you even in a basement , and she can 't keep her eyes open .
tr	PRES	she asked , staring up at me , her chin resting on my chest .
tr	PRES	Silence fills the room .
tr	PRES	I fold my arms over my chest to hide it .
tr	PAST	He caressed her moist heat and savored each broken , shuddering cry as she opened for him .
tr	PAST	I shove through people , pushing anyone who gets in my way .
tr	PAST	"With an hour to go , Rohr proudly announced to the court that "" The plaintiff will call its last witness ."
tr	PAST	The trio regarded her for a long moment , and then , evidently concluding she was not a problem , they went back to prowling the underbrush .
tr	PRES	A homecoming ... ? '
tr	PAST	Kiran buzzed me in before I even had a chance to push the button and I magically dried myself and clothes on the way to the elevator .
tr	PRES	""" It helps that I have the world 's best study partner . """
tr	PAST	Thibault donned the rain suit and a pair of boots , then pushed open the screen door .
tr	PAST	A chill snaked down my spine .
tr	PAST	With Tony 's permission , she replaced his old furniture with simple but comfortable pieces that made a person want to stay for a while .
tr	PAST	Tasha could have wept in frustration .
tr	PRES	And an astounding one at that , I recall .
tr	PAST	Jerry 's eyes twinkled with some secret amusement .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes again .
tr	PAST	Kiersten shrieked in my ear .
tr	PAST	His gaze hooked on Cassie .
tr	PRES	And Westminster Cathedral , white , bulky , a thousand years old .
tr	PAST	Open white mouths exposed impressive sets of teeth .
tr	PRES	The lump returns to my throat , but I do not hurry my old friend away this time .
tr	PRES	Neither one of them tries to stop me as I march out of the room and up the stairs .
tr	PRES	' Oh , what a shame , it looks like we have to turn back , ' he mumbled .
tr	PAST	Marsha patiently weaved through the crowd .
tr	PRES	""" Elizabeth Duncan , but you can call me Biddy , lass ."
tr	PRES	The words scratch at my throat .
tr	PAST	Three years ago I quit .
tr	PRES	She clutches a piece of paper in her fist .
tr	PAST	I pretended not to notice .
tr	PRES	The principal stops , and we all crowd around my locker waiting eagerly .
tr	PRES	My brother hath the Orb in his possession , and with its power can he do great mischief .
tr	PAST	She thanked them from the bottom of her heart and said they were good people who deserved all their happiness .
tr	PAST	Corinne withdrew the sword .
tr	PAST	Mal stormed forward and grabbed Philip by his shirt .
tr	PAST	Someone who could not be trusted .
tr	PAST	""" Always , lad , always . """
tr	PRES	The blanket falls off my shoulders , and my hat , too , loosened by the wind .
tr	PAST	Intense in the way it created an extreme intimacy with a complete stranger .
tr	PAST	Mrs. Glass abruptly smacked her hand on the reception desk top causing Lauren to start .
tr	PRES	""" You 'll be signing our death warrants , "" I snap ."
tr	PRES	Suddenly a commotion in the water snaps me out of my thoughts .
tr	PAST	I tipped her head back and ran a hand along her throat .
tr	PRES	""" How long until it fades ? """
tr	PAST	Her breath froze in her lungs as she caught sight of Devon standing by the mantle .
tr	PRES	she whispers in his direction .
tr	PRES	Behind the altar , a large statue of a Goddess dancing atop a swirling wave stands high over the chorus bleachers on either side .
tr	PAST	Kalen reported as he watched the displays .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed the length of my spine , making me shiver .
tr	PRES	"Another door opens and closes , and Trevor whispers , "" I 'll get it , Addison ."
tr	PRES	When she enters , she sees her boys are in bed with their eyes closed .
tr	PRES	""" Oh fuck . """
tr	PRES	She never stops hoping , even when there 's nothing left to hope for .
tr	PAST	She smacked him in the stomach .
tr	PAST	It buzzed loudly and flickered as Colton entered the room .
tr	PAST	He feared confronting any of them .
tr	PAST	His face crumpled , such vulnerability in its strength .
tr	PRES	""" You assume correctly ; Yin and Yang were fine , as were the other three Werewolves standing in the Pit ."
tr	PAST	She untied the gag on the one who had spoken .
tr	PRES	A woman in the water , frantically diving down , grabbing at the boy 's body .
tr	PRES	She shifts under me , then wraps her legs around my waist , bringing my dick to rest against her slick folds .
tr	PRES	He wears that hot wool jacket over his body , making my sweat from the coldness of the room .
tr	PAST	She wept silently , praying in her head .
tr	PRES	""" Madison Square Garden ? """
tr	PRES	From the very top he sees a few rooftops framing gold tiers of nearby fields and the playground two blocks away , and a lot of sky .
tr	PRES	Hacking from the odorous fumes Jon enters the chamber .
tr	PRES	I scare everybody around me .
tr	PAST	His scars alone ... she stifled a moan but her claws were curling .
tr	PAST	Bert exhaled a long , frothing belch , dropped his tankard on the bar and pointed to the doorway .
tr	PAST	A moment of the loudest silence lingered , and then broke .
tr	PAST	Mallory squealed , leaping to the door when he came in .
tr	PAST	""" Got your message ."
tr	PRES	I text Taylor goodnight , and thanked him for coming over and meeting my parents .
tr	PAST	Gwendolen proceeded to take off her own dress , waiting to have her hair wound up by her mamma .
tr	PAST	Though unable to recall their melodies consciously she sensed the band 's songs had been working on her subconscious overnight .
tr	PAST	Then , her entire body stiffened as if she too were realizing for the first time how stupid they 'd been .
tr	PRES	A blond haired girl enters my field of vision , the girl who killed Kyla .
tr	PAST	"The police referred to it euphemistically as "" single unit fatalities . """
tr	PAST	She giggled at that as Wulf frowned at her .
tr	PAST	Gunnar pitched back his axe -- its bit still dripping with blood -- as he grabbed the short , timid man by the scruff of his neck .
tr	PRES	Vivian mutters something but I can 't tell what she 's saying .
tr	PAST	A sage withdrew his senses from the world of change and , seeking immortality , looked within and beheld the deathless Self .
tr	PAST	Too courageous to run , replayed in his head .
tr	PAST	""" That sounds great , "" she marveled ."
tr	PRES	Louis breathes loudly through his mouth , almost snoring , one bare arm thrown around my bare back .
tr	PRES	It strikes me then that he 's sick .
tr	PAST	Continuing upward , she sensed Luc directly behind her .
tr	PAST	"Has he always painted ? """
tr	PRES	"Did you steal it from him ? """
tr	PAST	"You practically fled the apartment the other night . """
tr	PRES	The outer wall of layered brick rises skyward into oblivion .
tr	PRES	Elizabeth whispers as she attempts to compose herself .
tr	PRES	She sighs heavily and starts the car .
tr	PRES	Capitan - please -- pardon me .
tr	PAST	She clutched the advice that Sharon had given her like a lifeline .
tr	PRES	He stands up and returns the hug .
tr	PRES	He carries your backpack for you .
tr	PAST	He calculated one course for each .
tr	PRES	The bang from the gun bursts out ; a cloud of acrid smoke evaporates quickly , leaving behind only the smell of copper and burning .
tr	PRES	"It tends to influence people , believe me . """
tr	PAST	Before I could say anything , Mary Alice 's mother swooped down on us in a rush of oily flesh and rapid Italian .
tr	PRES	In fact it is the most pathetic reason of all , my father falls prey to being a stereotype , a father who abandoned his family .
tr	PRES	She hooks her arm through mine as we start walking to art .
tr	PAST	She exhaled loudly and took a seat on the edge of my bed .
tr	PAST	Zuzana , Mik , and the other onlookers faltered back .
tr	PRES	One who would climb mountains , swim oceans , if that was what it took to be there when she needed him .
tr	PAST	""" You need to get to a doctor , "" Diana stated firmly ."
tr	PAST	He ruffled her hair lightly , affectionately .
tr	PRES	Somebody talks about adrenalin , and I 'm here , right here -- Walter at the easel , Caroline doing a jigsaw .
tr	PAST	Travis squinted and shaded his eyes with his hands .
tr	PRES	It then uses its upper teeth to pry open its food like an old-fashioned can opener .
tr	PRES	My head bangs against the inside of the cab , it strikes my fellow passengers , we break each others noses , we crack each others ribs .
tr	PAST	His smoldering eyes crawled every inch of my body .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the cap to his canteen and gave Zane a measuring look .
tr	PAST	A guard by the curtains motioned to Rema .
tr	PRES	Suddenly his intuition draws his eyes up .
tr	PAST	No scare tactics required .
tr	PAST	He proved it constantly by letting me decide when and where I needed him .
tr	PAST	My body glided through the leaves and dirt , making a strange rustling noise .
tr	PAST	Gia clasped Rose 's hand again .
tr	PRES	It bothers her for some reason .
tr	PRES	""" She blames herself for Sebastian 's existence . """
tr	PAST	"Best ever , "" he stuffed the bite of food into his mouth ."
tr	PRES	Forbidden booze tastes even better than legal stuff , although I find the whole concept of Prohibition quite ridiculous .
tr	PRES	In Rome , persecution of early Christians begins under Roman Emperor Nero .
tr	PAST	The architecture of the bridge created patterns to the pylons as they were bound together across the lake .
tr	PRES	Rob stares up at me , his face showing no signs of fear .
tr	PAST	""" I don 't think so , "" she countered , shooting him a quick glare while she hopped on one foot to pull on her shorts ."
tr	PRES	""" ' Usually "" ?"
tr	PAST	Her mind churned through the mystery of the meteorite , and , most recently , the dead room conversation with Pickering .
tr	PAST	Gary dove into the classroom with huge eyes , silently begging her to follow .
tr	PAST	Caleb flung the doors wide and stomped after him , a man on a mission with thunder in his eyes .
tr	PAST	""" Before his memories completely fade away ? """
tr	PAST	Not real useful on a cloudy , rainy day , she reflected , but they certainly added a note of menacing drama .
tr	PRES	""" Such a fuss over nothing ! """
tr	PAST	She trusted her mother more than to accept , on circumstantial evidence alone , that Alana was an adulteress .
tr	PRES	""" Trapped with a whole lot of fancy shit , "" he puffs out ."
tr	PRES	He tries very hard to be laid back and easy going .
tr	PAST	He 'd never dared to , but now there was no choice .
tr	PRES	""" Ugh , "" he mumbled as he turned the system off ."
tr	PAST	Immediately I emerged from beneath the surface , cold water splashing as I thrashed .
tr	PRES	""" Susan Caulfield , an opera singer , "" beamed Bonnie ."
tr	PRES	I wobble on my feet as if the collision were physical .
tr	PRES	""" She suffers from severe dissociative disorder and autism ."
tr	PAST	His eyes fled up the cliff walls of its trousers .
tr	PRES	Then my mind drifts to two more people .
tr	PRES	He helps me scale the fence again and we both walk back to our spots on the runway and lay down .
tr	PRES	""" He never had any to start with , "" Hamish mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Which only proved that Andreas was right .
tr	PRES	""" I was so scared , Jess ."
tr	PAST	One claw swiped at the empty air in his direction .
tr	PAST	Neil selected an animal trail he knew well .
tr	PAST	He flattened his palms on the table .
tr	PRES	He lays them down in front of Arlene .
tr	PAST	Jamison exclaimed with a laugh .
tr	PRES	"He paused only a millisecond before adding , "" 'Cause if you have , it 's a lie . """
tr	PAST	Riddick tensed up as Chase pointed at him .
tr	PAST	Victoria always visited Carmel 's house .
tr	PRES	""" Alexa thinks she entitled to the damn world , "" Darcie mumbled as she checked in another book ."
tr	PRES	""" Man , we got ta brings some chicks into our scene . """
tr	PRES	Charlotta beamed and stowed one of the caramel apples in her bag .
tr	PAST	Reaching the bottom of the chasm revealed a transformed space .
tr	PAST	Nick froze at the sound that usually heralded him getting into trouble .
tr	PRES	' In that respect at least , you resemble your mother . '
tr	PRES	Her beautiful eyes sparkling with joy , Jolie begins to hum .
tr	PAST	And then she vomited , and for that involuntary reaction , she was severely punished .
tr	PAST	There she shopped for her vampire visitor .
tr	PRES	Sam mumbled something and cleared his throat .
tr	PRES	His bow , that is .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , startled .
tr	PRES	""" So ... can you fix it ? """
tr	PAST	I prayed it would stop , but it continued , growing louder .
tr	PAST	I preferred disliked the company of .
tr	PRES	""" He likes the idea of a trio ."
tr	PAST	A smile tipped one corner of her mouth .
tr	PRES	""" Although I was under the impression you didn 't have a heart , "" she mumbled before tossing a grape at me ."
tr	PAST	Drew bounced down the steps wearing his Campus Security jacket .
tr	PAST	I doubted he 'd care .
tr	PAST	""" What are you - "" I began to straighten , but as soon as he came into view , I froze ."
tr	PRES	"CHAPTER SEVEN "" Not the moping again . """
tr	PAST	She even kicked the board a moment later , then cringed when the hard board hurt her tender foot .
tr	PAST	They piled into the truck , with Ellie between Alex and Tom .
tr	PAST	Tossing the phone back into her car , she stomped her foot .
tr	PRES	Charlie brings out a hot casserole dish from the kitchen and sets it on a trivet in the center .
tr	PAST	""" She went over to a friend 's house , "" Margaret announced triumphantly ."
tr	PRES	When she hurts it brings me to my knees .
tr	PAST	""" You volunteered for this , and she paid good money for you . """
tr	PRES	""" We match again , you weirdo . """
tr	PAST	He held his rifle with the butt resting on the ground as he stood casually , one hip cocked .
tr	PAST	His gaze roamed her upper body before he smirked .
tr	PRES	With a comforting pat on her head , Link breathes a chuckle and steers his horse toward the farm .
tr	PAST	Directly above it swirled the vortex .
tr	PRES	The shuttle slides hard starboard as Hit takes it up , the wind buffeting us all the way .
tr	PRES	"When Gene didn 't respond to that , Jay asked , "" What 's your wage scale like , captain ?"
tr	PRES	He stands to his feet as I walk backward toward he door .
tr	PAST	Once she was snoring , I dared get out of bed , pull on some clothes and leave the room .
tr	PAST	He zipped the bag up and sat on the couch .
tr	PRES	He deserves the same consideration as any other citizen .
tr	PRES	""" The medicine ? """
tr	PRES	His arms wrap around my body and one of his hands reaches in his back pocket for his phone .
tr	PRES	"Winkler wishes to bestow that honor upon Lissa . """
tr	PRES	Cassidy 's eyes shone with fear in the darkness .
tr	PRES	He pushes me away to get a good look at me .
tr	PAST	He announced that he and Noel would be making the rounds to tell their neighbors of the news .
tr	PAST	A beautiful , sunny , amazing day , so all of you quit weeping .
tr	PAST	His hips writhed against her .
tr	PRES	The high ceilings made for good acoustics , making our footsteps echo as we moved through the room .
tr	PAST	Even the soldiers quieted .
tr	PAST	He tugged at a shirt cuff that refused to behave itself .
tr	PRES	""" What of you , Lizzy ."
tr	PAST	The heavy rain that pelted their foil dimmed what little light seeped through the single uncovered port .
tr	PRES	Nobody exits the coliseum for sometime , not even after Warrior and Dagger take wing and soar into the sky .
tr	PAST	Finally , around two thirty he emerged , clean-shaven , neatly dressed in jeans and boots , and bundled into his jacket and scarf .
tr	PAST	Cassie 's mouth curved into a cruel smile as her head tilted to the side .
tr	PRES	Coach Lynn announces that we have to write a two-page paper about where we see ourselves in five years , and everybody starts groaning .
tr	PAST	The tech assistant bots regarded the drone with considerable unease .
tr	PAST	My body tensed at his words and I felt my heart going out of control .
tr	PRES	Lucy hisses while she waits for Steve to pick up .
tr	PRES	He scoots off the mattress and onto the floor in front of me , putting the mirror between us .
tr	PRES	She lets go of my arm .
tr	PRES	I crack an eye to see Sasha 's knuckles white against the steering wheel .
tr	PAST	He threaded his fingers through hers and called silently to awaken their kitten .
tr	PRES	Fresh tears threaten to brim over , but I sniffle and try to blink them away .
tr	PAST	He clutched the back of Aidan 's head and slammed his friend 's forehead into his own , ignoring the searing pain that scorched his skin .
tr	PAST	A surprise awaited him when they arrived at the Museum of Glass .
tr	PRES	""" He would have to remember me first , "" he chuckles ."
tr	PRES	""" I am , your Highness ."
tr	PRES	She remembers that the kites are alive , engineered for this very purpose .
tr	PRES	""" Uh , "" she sighs ."
tr	PAST	Dev hauled him up from the floor .
tr	PAST	"Are you ready to have your secret revealed ? """
tr	PRES	He sighs shaking his head unable to believe the words are coming out of his mouth .
tr	PRES	""" And here I thought ' t was my submissive side you liked so well , "" she teased . "" '"
tr	PAST	"The fingers stiffened for a second , and Elaine said , "" What was that , Harry ? """
tr	PRES	A few ranch princesses , too .
tr	PAST	She tugged at his hold on the plastic ties that bound her wrists .
tr	PAST	She stormed into its midst defying its reality and it dissipated .
tr	PAST	Kronos no longer pursued me .
tr	PAST	"He shuffled his dirty white socks across the blue carpet to get enough charge to - "" Ow ! """
tr	PRES	And all of this affects our community in ways we can 't even fathom .
tr	PRES	On cue , the door opens and two handlers come in , talking in hushed voices .
tr	PRES	Mia pushes back her plate .
tr	PAST	""" No , "" she denied with a shake of her head ."
tr	PRES	""" And that creepy guy , Zane ."
tr	PAST	He shuffled in his seat and leaned forward .
tr	PAST	The silent intensity lessened to suspicious listening .
tr	PAST	Frustrated , we finally split the party , and those of us who were uninjured rode on at a brisk pace , hoping to cut our time .
tr	PAST	The applause pierced her eardrums .
tr	PRES	With one hand , he pins my arms above my head and presses his body against mine .
tr	PAST	""" It 's almost as if you were expecting me , "" she joked ."
tr	PRES	The video fades as the reporter comes back on screen , the picture of a beaten Olivia taking up the entire right side of the screen .
tr	PAST	I calculated my distance to the exits and decided the front door was my best bet .
tr	PRES	She refuses to let go of me even when I get us onto the mattress .
tr	PRES	Knox stares intently at my lips .
tr	PRES	""" Does this qualify as an emergency ? """
tr	PRES	"Mike whispers , "" The Alabama coach is here . """
tr	PRES	""" And because Charlotte 's so very pregnant and craving chocolate . """
tr	PAST	But Daemon was already sound asleep , his body curved protectively around the basket holding his daughter .
tr	PRES	A steady flow of people begins to fill the room , claiming spaces , collecting supplies .
tr	PAST	She tensed as though she prepared for the final thrust that would send his blood spraying across the room and end his life .
tr	PRES	I scramble around , digging through chunks of tile slick with blood , shuddering when I encounter bits of warm flesh .
tr	PRES	"Thank God , "" he mumbled in a low , fervent voice ."
tr	PAST	Elizabeth slapped a palm over her mouth to stifle her laughter .
tr	PAST	Leslie twirled around and beamed at Rita .
tr	PRES	""" Of course he 's not all right "" snaps Jane ."
tr	PRES	His words are all lies .
tr	PAST	Matthew slowed his truck down and watched as the guard stepped out of the booth .
tr	PRES	""" A little blatant for my taste , but I 'm willing to play . """
tr	PRES	You swim at the health club I attend and this may sound invasive , or creepy , but I have to know .
tr	PRES	With a sigh , I swing my pack over my shoulder and head to the house .
tr	PAST	"She 's been a good girl , "" her mom chimed in ."
tr	PRES	""" I 've missed you , Jules , "" he whispers , accentuating his full , kissable lips ."
tr	PRES	All the world loves an aristocrat in Dublin , unlike Paris !
tr	PRES	""" For the next week , your life belongs to me ."
tr	PAST	""" How you feeling , Hank ? """
tr	PRES	' That 's done the trick , ' I mutter , frowning .
tr	PAST	""" Well , I don 't think it will be a big deal , "" another volunteer chimed in ."
tr	PAST	Once again my predecessor should have proceeded ruthlessly against this English spy . '
tr	PAST	""" As quickly , as possible , "" she reiterated ."
tr	PAST	""" Again , "" I grunted ."
tr	PRES	""" Yes , it will Dad , "" I mimic his tone ."
tr	PAST	Now , it mortified her even more .
tr	PAST	I could certainly try , ' I mumbled back , aloud , getting dressed and sorting my hair .
tr	PAST	I don 't like the way the lines of his face transform , turn defeated .
tr	PAST	She limped away from him , muttering to herself .
tr	PAST	Suddenly , the creature exploded forward , vanquishing this chance .
tr	PRES	Her eyes flit to Ervin , who was just sent sprawling across the sand with claw marks raked across his chest .
tr	PAST	At the same time , my stomach rumbled , and I picked up the granola bar as I continued to squirt colours on the palette .
tr	PRES	""" Is it roast ? """
tr	PAST	' I received a call to my house on Saturday .
tr	PRES	""" FBI , "" he mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" I already have , sweetheart ."
tr	PAST	Even when selling to his fellow townsfolk , he charged high prices .
tr	PAST	"This time you could pay attention to how it works , "" Gear joked through a chuckle ."
tr	PAST	He slapped me across the face and I stumbled back into my vanity chair , stunned silent .
tr	PRES	""" One more swim ."
tr	PRES	It slams shut and I smack into it , making a loud thud .
tr	PRES	I bow my head in greeting .
tr	PRES	"It creeps me out . """
tr	PAST	He was just leaning over , knife outstretched , when a commotion broke out above .
tr	PAST	The intimate feeling lingered with her long after he kissed her goodbye for the long weekend .
tr	PAST	He touches my cheek , gently , and I want nothing more than to just fall into it and forget everything ... But I can 't .
tr	PAST	"We never washed the dishes , so we could ' ave a bit of mold every now and then . """
tr	PAST	Frantically , Julia flung out a hand and opened the drawer on the nightstand beside her bed .
tr	PAST	Paul inquired while Kiara was locking the door .
tr	PRES	He glides the door of the taxi open , we hop in , and the cab driver shoots us an annoyed look .
tr	PAST	It lands with a soft thud in the sand .
tr	PAST	At least Tad hasn 't uttered Holden 's favorite word .
tr	PRES	The airy echo sound was gone and the connection was solid again .
tr	PRES	I crave his presence , his body , his voice , his laugh , his touch , his everything .
tr	PAST	"They stole our life together . """
tr	PRES	I hesitate , then continue painting .
tr	PRES	She holds her hands up to guard her face .
tr	PAST	""" I 'll take care of this , "" Cera hopped up from the table and approached the elderly couple ."
tr	PAST	Jackson swooped in , tickling me , and I shrieked in protest .
tr	PAST	The countess clutched at her glasses before settling them on her straight nose .
tr	PRES	She touches my shoulder softly .
tr	PRES	Dagger sighs , exasperated .
tr	PRES	Nicole tries to smile , giving me a half smile .
tr	PAST	The remark puzzled her .
tr	PAST	He sniffed , nodded , and pointed at the door .
tr	PRES	""" According to what I dug up , the analysts estimate you to be a Level Seven or Eight . """
tr	PRES	That urge to touch him , hug him , almost overwhelmed her .
tr	PAST	A single exposed bulb flicked and then glowed steadily from a socket in the ceiling .
tr	PRES	' I healed well . '
tr	PRES	"You know what that means , what he is , "" Blaze whispers ."
tr	PRES	She dreaded that and to her apprehension , her nightmare came true .
tr	PAST	The manager claimed it was perfect for the interlude between the first part of the performance , and the songs that came after Mac 's solo .
tr	PAST	The impact exploded the creature 's gut , spraying foul liquid over me .
tr	PAST	Josephine sensed a powerful enchantment rushing towards them .
tr	PRES	I urge you to join with me now , as we strive for a new order .
tr	PAST	Quickly searching for my phone , I dialed Marcus ' number .
tr	PAST	She crouched there a minute , breathing shallowly , then she crawled toward the bathroom .
tr	PRES	I averted my eyes again ; my own breathing was the only sound filling the room .
tr	PAST	If anything the fog was getting heavier as morning meandered toward midday .
tr	PRES	I recall streamlines of smoky ambrosia leaking from the musical huts .
tr	PRES	""" A porcelain doll . """
tr	PRES	"They signal a harmony of mind , body , and spirit , all living in peace , and at one with the environment . """
tr	PRES	""" Come on , Miss. ."
tr	PAST	Dingo hopped up into the back , turned and regarded me and barked once .
tr	PRES	A pity she doesn 't know you exist .
tr	PRES	""" Fucking go man , "" I yell to the driver fearing the worst ."
tr	PRES	A few people mumbled yes or nodded .
tr	PRES	Nobody ever pays attention to me .
tr	PAST	""" One minute left , "" Remy announced holding one finger in the air ."
tr	PRES	"Jase slides my bra off , whispering , "" You have the softest skin ."
tr	PRES	I add that to the list and then examine it in my head .
tr	PAST	The Black River split the city in two , and there were four bridges that spanned it .
tr	PAST	"I 've made up my mind , so don 't bother talking me out of it , "" I stated bluntly ."
tr	PRES	He just likes to look through other people 's homes , and he likes to have a woman who isn 't his wife with him .
tr	PAST	Anna hooked her arm through Brooke 's and ushered her toward the door .
tr	PAST	Bobby stares at me for a moment , obviously trying not to smile .
tr	PAST	Peeling my eyes open , I adjusted to find a soft light coming from the slightly cracked door .
tr	PAST	She giggled and looked away , feigning shyness .
tr	PRES	""" I said I was sorry , "" Spencer mumbled ."
tr	PAST	""" We could leave him here , "" Herr 'D on mused , rubbing his beard and biting his lip ."
tr	PAST	Eric lingered , leaning on the railing , his leather jacket hiding his Collar .
tr	PRES	""" Something to look forward to , "" she teased ."
tr	PAST	Curious , I inched forward .
tr	PRES	It taunts you with your wasted and useless life .
tr	PAST	Vader fumed as he ran down the hill .
tr	PAST	I produced a dried thistle blossom and crumpled it toward Alicia , shouting a Greek incantation that would blind her .
tr	PAST	He gently cleaned the stickiness from my chest .
tr	PAST	When he couldn 't touch her , his hands fisted .
tr	PAST	In a sudden burst of insight , Nate experienced a divine revelation -- the problem had to do with them damn horns !
tr	PRES	He holds her backpack as she climbs out of his truck .
tr	PAST	Pulling away from Henry , Calliope eyed me with distaste .
tr	PRES	She tries to block out the growls and grunts occurring a few feet from her .
tr	PRES	A sly smile plays on my lips , but I won 't give it .
tr	PAST	He transferred a rather substantial amount of money to your bank a fortnight ago .
tr	PRES	Together they settle in on their green sofa to enjoy the night 's variety acts .
tr	PRES	Giulietta glances briefly at him .
tr	PAST	"A class 7-9 girl named Julie . """
tr	PAST	He withdrew from her before the mating need took over and he wouldn 't be able to control his actions .
tr	PRES	""" Wait , listen , "" I urge him ."
tr	PAST	Bax tipped his hat further back on his head .
tr	PRES	' Community ' project .
tr	PRES	Totally unaware of what he is going to do to me , he slams me into the light pole behind me .
tr	PRES	I lean back into the seat .
tr	PRES	""" Good heavens . """
tr	PRES	""" In the Mountain City Public Library ."
tr	PAST	Eileen exclaimed , thoroughly angry with herself .
tr	PAST	As we drew near , the horses slowed to a trot and then to a walk as the knights separated into a battle formation .
tr	PRES	"Push away your family 's silly legends , and let 's go see what condition it 's in . """
tr	PAST	Lea fiddled with the Snickers bar in her hand .
tr	PAST	Which circled back to the question of why she really was staying at The Tavern .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked between Marcus and me , fierce for me and admiring for him .
tr	PAST	The light smacked him in the face as he left the tunnel , for one brief second he was blinded .
tr	PAST	A line extended down the block , around the corner , and out of sight .
tr	PAST	"Then you stormed out . """
tr	PRES	"Mortimer , Mort , Mo. "" He shrugged and moved to the table , adding , "" Or make up a pet name for me . """
tr	PAST	""" Okay , I lied ."
tr	PRES	He 's exactly as smart as I imagined , he just plays at being dumb .
tr	PRES	Cold , calculating , merciless ?
tr	PAST	Nick flicked at the vial with his middle finger , like it was a test tube in chemistry class .
tr	PAST	""" Come along , children , "" Mr. George urged us , taking my arm ."
tr	PRES	The deer touches down softly on the grassy clearing , as the co-pilot flicks a switch to release its harness .
tr	PRES	He loves you already because I do .
tr	PRES	""" To golf ! """
tr	PAST	I shrieked , tugging hard at the chain and then we both heard hoof beats .
tr	PAST	He dealt with the first because the last would be a bit too volatile .
tr	PRES	Trystan releases me and looks up confused .
tr	PRES	""" I strive for perfection . """
tr	PAST	""" You 're ten minutes late , "" the librarian sniffed ."
tr	PAST	Her lips curved up in welcome as she slid the containers over the counter to her patrons .
tr	PRES	Womack winks and chews when I chew , swallow and burp more cookie crumbs .
tr	PRES	Simon reluctantly pops the lid and takes a sip .
tr	PRES	""" Nothing kills my appetite . """
tr	PAST	The strangers zeroed in on me like I was standing in a spotlight .
tr	PAST	Eric threaded his fingers through her soft hair at the back of her neck and urged her forward .
tr	PRES	He 's wearing a t-shirt and sweats and looks about ten years younger , this never ceases to freak me out .
tr	PRES	""" Can I show you something , "" he whispers , his mouth hovering above mine ."
tr	PRES	""" I thought go for a bike ride , "" I add quickly ."
tr	PRES	""" At first I mistook you for one of the guests as you glided across the lawn with the cape on your arm ."
tr	PAST	""" This is little Mary , "" Malthus stated ."
tr	PRES	""" No need to go all sultry and sexy on me so early in the a.m. "" She giggles ."
tr	PAST	And the snow piled so deep that I could barely flounder my way through it .
tr	PRES	She smiled , her white teeth gleaming .
tr	PAST	He screwed his eyes up in the early light .
tr	PAST	""" He lied to women to make them sleep with him ."
tr	PRES	""" Trying to practice drums ."
tr	PRES	Gramps pushes his way through the haze .
tr	PAST	Miguel transferred his cigar to his other hand , which sat right in front of the girl 's face .
tr	PRES	""" She likes you , too . """
tr	PRES	A caption flashes along the bottom , calling for witnesses .
tr	PAST	The female squealed and fluttered her wings but the male kept her steady with his strong claws .
tr	PAST	Goodness inquired with a look as innocent as freshly fallen snow .
tr	PRES	I disapprove of excessive breeding .
tr	PRES	He kills the headlights as he slows the car to a stop and everything around us gets taken out by night .
tr	PRES	""" What career ? """
tr	PRES	His hands skimmed across the exposed skin , the smile fading from his mouth .
tr	PAST	He quieted and took her by the shoulders , forcing her to look into his eyes .
tr	PRES	' I recall your echo was Spiritual , Adelaide .
tr	PAST	Jude stomped up the steps and Max cuddled closer to her .
tr	PRES	A shadow falls over our table from behind my shoulder .
tr	PAST	I dumped the stuff in the garbage can , shoulders stiff .
tr	PAST	Her sleeve protected her from his touch .
tr	PRES	They warn an approaching enemy to back away and only strike if you get to close .
tr	PAST	He ditched his piano for a mad red turntable .
tr	PRES	""" My attitude also tends to cause conflicts with the others of my order . """
tr	PAST	"The Void proved it to be so . """
tr	PRES	Relief washes over Tammie like a refreshing tide .
tr	PAST	Only one thought floated across my mind before the night closed in and there was only darkness : We had come home .
tr	PAST	""" This is a list of five hundred research volunteers , "" he stated ."
tr	PAST	"Relief washed through the child 's eyes and he grinned broadly . "" '"
tr	PRES	""" He ... ah ... he left just ahead of us , but we have a tail on him ."
tr	PAST	Flaming red hair and makeup painted on in exaggerated colors .
tr	PRES	""" It 's ... it 's just such a mess , "" she sighs ."
tr	PAST	He destroyed easily without anger or remorse .
tr	PAST	""" What crawled up his shorts ? """
tr	PRES	""" I don 't see any one on this side , "" Jessica states from the Starboard ."
tr	PAST	The cover article featured faux window treatments for subsurface apartments .
tr	PRES	""" That wasn 't a sweet dream , you idiot ."
tr	PAST	"I trusted you to finish them both off . """
tr	PRES	Could you spare him ? '
tr	PRES	"He likes to grumble , but it works out quite well . """
tr	PAST	I cocked an eyebrow at him .
tr	PAST	Since her arrival the day before she 'd toured the formal gardens with Mr. Pendleton and later walked down to the estate 's private beach .
tr	PRES	Andrew grasps my hand .
tr	PRES	She produces a newspaper clipping in a plastic sleeve .
tr	PRES	Shannon digested that information and marveled at Penny 's wisdom .
tr	PAST	""" Thanks , "" I mumbled , stepping inside and walking faster ."
tr	PRES	"That , too , eh ? """
tr	PRES	Maurice hates that . '
tr	PAST	""" He shouldn 't be spying , "" Nicholas clipped ."
tr	PRES	With that the engine thunders , the dark machine rises and veers to the west .
tr	PRES	The ground trembles , a growling echo drums through the woods as the clatter gets closer and closer like a terrible earthquake .
tr	PAST	Uncle Russ nodded and nausea churned in Ryan 's gut .
tr	PAST	""" You stated earlier you had hired your former husband to hide the Rubens painting and that was the reason for you visiting his ranch ."
tr	PRES	She pops open the glove box .
tr	PAST	Slowly , Terry unzipped the top , produced the shining sphere , and handed it to Spike .
tr	PRES	He stops and takes a deep breath .
tr	PAST	He broke free of the woman , hands cuffed behind him , and jumped to his feet .
tr	PRES	He glances up , and the sadness in his eyes guts me .
tr	PAST	""" We might even get them to eat something green , "" Jenny joked as she stirred the mixture together ."
tr	PAST	The gag muffled the words he offered .
tr	PAST	""" Fine , "" I lied ."
tr	PAST	I exhaled as slowly as I could , and the word slipped out .
tr	PAST	He fiddled with the sliding glass door a couple of times .
tr	PRES	He removes the crossbow from its hook on the saddle and pulls three quarrels from the quiver .
tr	PRES	In some parts of the brain , the discharge focus produces a shaking fit , frothing at the mouth , and so on .
tr	PAST	Ken joked , and I laughed for a short take .
tr	PAST	Ending them required silver .
tr	PRES	""" Because , "" Razia mumbled ."
tr	PRES	I hiss , shaking away from him .
tr	PAST	Taking her distraction as a cue , I attempted to struggle out of her deadly grip .
tr	PAST	Cain moved with purpose to Tam 's tent , the ziplock bag clutched in his hand , careful not to damage the parchment inside .
tr	PAST	Humming under his breath , he ambled to his dresser and slipped a necklace around his neck .
tr	PAST	Ducking in and out of the water to avoid boats and people real y slowed us down .
tr	PRES	Yet , she sees bright lights passing by , and hears the jumbled sounds of voices and roaring wind .
tr	PAST	I replayed at normal speed .
tr	PAST	Confused , Jake hedged his words carefully to see if he could get her to admit one way or another how she felt .
tr	PAST	He trusted Duane , of all people .
tr	PAST	Sea gulls lazily circled overhead , casting giant shadows along the piers .
tr	PAST	he scoffed , curling a lip .
tr	PRES	He hears the twins crying , but he cannot find them .
tr	PRES	Their icy and glittering peaks shone in the sunlight over the clouds .
tr	PRES	""" On the plaque ? """
tr	PRES	I vow to love and cherish you for all our days .
tr	PRES	""" An investment banker from New York . """
tr	PAST	My ex-boyfriend hopped in his car and sped off into the distance .
tr	PRES	Murphy glances at Kai , who is quick to jump in .
tr	PAST	As much as he wanted more time with her , she obviously preferred to go home .
tr	PAST	She rotated and fled .
tr	PRES	""" The stone passes from daughter to daughter to ensure the bloodline . """
tr	PAST	Two guys chattered about kiteboarding in Puerto Rico .
tr	PRES	I chew on the inside of my lip and watch him .
tr	PRES	""" Three grand . """
tr	PRES	A puff of powder rises up to tease my nose with the sweet scent of chocolate .
tr	PRES	""" He tends to our wounds . """
tr	PRES	Driver glares at the reporter in stunned silence , unfamiliar with this information .
tr	PRES	The longer we delay , the more attention we attract .
tr	PAST	When Cory was done , Banks instructed him to stand on the goalie line between the two goal posts .
tr	PRES	""" Your highness ! """
tr	PAST	He tugged his sleeve back down .
tr	PRES	Temple hates them instinctively .
tr	PRES	No matter how much I push the speed , the drive stretches slowly under the darkening sky .
tr	PAST	""" That depends on what you have planned , "" I doubted any good could come from whatever scheme he was devising ."
tr	PRES	""" I love you , "" she whispers , and then her body grips me hard , pulsing around me tighter than I 've ever felt ."
tr	PAST	The dark leather almost matched the dirt on her skin .
tr	PRES	""" Maybe I am , "" he whispers ."
tr	PRES	Teeth elongate past his lips and Serena remembers them practically scraping at her neck the night of the cliffs .
tr	PRES	He sighs and I know he 's going to drop it .
tr	PRES	""" Just meet me , ok ? """
tr	PAST	""" Very attractive , too ."
tr	PAST	Errol dreaded Thursday afternoons because it meant endless cleaning of window sills .
tr	PRES	"Hopefully attract a lady friend , but appear devilishly indifferent to all inquires , at least at first . """
tr	PRES	""" The hurt , "" he begins , but his ability to speak is strangled by loss ."
tr	PRES	A hint of laughter plays on his lips .
tr	PAST	Phelps handled the win gracefully .
tr	PRES	""" Your White House wears blinders ."
tr	PAST	She gazed up at him , her face saddened .
tr	PAST	I propped one hand on the wall and pressed the knife against the wall .
tr	PRES	Chapter 8 The stars shone through the window , distant and diamond .
tr	PAST	""" I wasn 't reading anything , "" he lied ."
tr	PRES	""" Does your relationship with him involve any physical activity ? """
tr	PRES	"Kate , it floats . """
tr	PAST	the redhead announced with excitement .
tr	PRES	Gripping the edge , I lean back over the engine and give him a peck on the cheek .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't go , "" he whispers back ."
tr	PRES	""" Ms. Avril ? """
tr	PRES	A scientist loves his home of study .
tr	PRES	As a master monitors his apprentice .
tr	PAST	He regarded me with raised eyebrows , then grinned and shook his head .
tr	PRES	""" Poor Meredith . """
tr	PAST	I sneezed three times in quick succession .
tr	PRES	Her mind ticks off lighting angles that would augment the moire .
tr	PRES	A strangled sound rips through the room , followed by a gasp , and I force my eyes to open .
tr	PAST	A pair of boots stomped up to his hiding spot .
tr	PRES	""" Miss Rhodes ? """
tr	PAST	"Nothing complicated to it . """
tr	PAST	Her cheeks glowed warm with pleasure as she looked at him and smiled .
tr	PAST	Pure mutiny carved lines on his face .
tr	PRES	The sports bra she wore clung to her small breasts and was soaked with sweat beneath her arms and where it clung to her cleavage .
tr	PRES	I swivel in front of the mirror , checking out my look .
tr	PRES	Will 's mouth falls open .
tr	PAST	""" Your grandfather is dining with friends , "" Thomas announced ."
tr	PRES	My heart stops in my chest .
tr	PRES	""" And Tessa ? """
tr	PAST	He nuzzled beneath her jaw and licked the skin along her neck .
tr	PAST	"You had it tough , you dealt with it - now move on , soldier . """
tr	PAST	I brace myself , feeling like I 'm going to fall right through the unsteady glass , but it turns out to be solid and sturdy .
tr	PAST	Bree squinted at me through the bright midmorning light .
tr	PAST	Renna cringed with each noisy step .
tr	PAST	He wriggled off the chair and began pacing .
tr	PAST	Tyrone referred to the man taking a piss .
tr	PAST	The butler roughly secured her other arm .
tr	PAST	He seized her for a scorching kiss that stole her breath .
tr	PAST	Joanna chimed in her support .
tr	PRES	""" Is she ok ? """
tr	PRES	I lean down to look through what 's left of the items in my pack .
tr	PRES	"Nothing so crude as that . """
tr	PRES	"Because I crave you , too . """
tr	PRES	""" He 's new , "" someone whispers ."
tr	PAST	* I dreamed of chanting witches , of Kimber laughing and of a beast roaring .
tr	PRES	""" Soviet submarine reconnaissance ? """
tr	PRES	All tubes and hard-wired .
tr	PAST	Everybody cheered , and drank , clapped shoulders and nearly burst into song .
tr	PRES	"He bleeds ice water , man , pure ice water . """
tr	PAST	""" So , how 's life treated you ? """
tr	PAST	""" Bell "" he announced ."
tr	PAST	I flicked my wrist and could hear it slice through the air .
tr	PAST	I sniffed a little , my tears slowing .
tr	PAST	I braced myself for Rigel 's voice .
tr	PRES	My gaze involuntarily flicks to his lips .
tr	PAST	We shove at the beams but can 't budge them .
tr	PAST	A second 's hesitation revealed Cain 's lack of confidence in his stepfather 's support .
tr	PRES	"Or uses them for any other activities . """
tr	PAST	A soft female voice floated through the door .
tr	PRES	""" And very cocky . """
tr	PAST	Her body tensed at that , but she didn 't say anything .
tr	PRES	""" As the moon grows it draws up the things from the ground ."
tr	PRES	""" By the unholy gods of piss and fire , I ' l kil them both ! """
tr	PAST	The gigantic plastic lizard pitched forward , carving a trench in the ground just shy of the road .
tr	PRES	Carmine 's eyes were wide yet guarded , his mouth once again agape .
tr	PRES	Says it teaches me a lesson when I have to pay .
tr	PRES	"Now off ye all go and find yer treasure . """
tr	PRES	""" To keep you two rolling in dough ."
tr	PAST	Stephen produced a straight pin and poked Mikaela 's small , bare feet , saying nothing when she failed to respond .
tr	PRES	The truck speeds past .
tr	PAST	The pain and embarrassment lingered in me .
tr	PAST	""" I have more riddles , "" Rachel volunteered ."
tr	PAST	Sullivan regarded me with his usual amiable smile .
tr	PAST	He only desired the promised payoff at the end .
tr	PAST	""" Well ... A few days ago , I received a letter ."
tr	PAST	""" Almost $ 30 trillion dollars created out of thin air , "" Lars reiterated ."
tr	PRES	He lets go of me and walks away .
tr	PRES	Even then , the false light of science ( knowledge , if you like ) shone in only a few developed countries .
tr	PRES	Or , indeed , anything with the word temporal in it ?
tr	PAST	She floated through a thick seaweed curtain into another room .
tr	PRES	""" Yeah , "" I hesitate to answer ."
tr	PRES	"I don 't even have access to my own room , "" I protest ."
tr	PRES	He flicks his tongue against my clit , and I grab his hair harder and buck against him .
tr	PAST	He twisted her arm harder , then slapped her .
tr	PRES	"He always wears long sleeved shirts . """
tr	PRES	""" Fishing , "" I said , my voice husky ."
tr	PAST	I scribbled six figures onto a check .
tr	PRES	"She sells the films into large chains and manages the sales team . """
tr	PAST	The redhead pretended to twist a lock over her lips .
tr	PAST	Simon exploded , unable to keep silent in the face of such snobbery .
tr	PRES	""" And that explains why he wouldn 't enter the workshop . """
tr	PRES	""" You warn me ?"
tr	PRES	""" He loves me , Steph . """
tr	PAST	Then his eyes roamed over to Liberty Island .
tr	PRES	The sudden weakness in my knees begs me to sit down .
tr	PRES	When a Russian man wants something , he just reaches out and snatches it .
tr	PRES	"She loves your paintings , honey ! """
tr	PRES	Then she pushes her boobs against him .
tr	PAST	I swipe my palms over my jeans .
tr	PAST	Every girl 's hair shone , whether worn down in a cascade past her shoulders or tied back in a prim , sleek bun .
tr	PAST	Stefan clutched at my hips and began bucking his hips , moving me faster over his cock , his mouth on my throat .
tr	PRES	""" Are you sure you 've never done this before , Billie ? """
tr	PRES	Five yawns , stretching his arms out .
tr	PAST	The third smashed into his face .
tr	PAST	""" Go ahead , "" Jimmy dared ."
tr	PAST	""" I 'll make sure she gets home , "" Claire 's dark-haired friend volunteered ."
tr	PRES	She mumbled numbers which Abby could not decipher .
tr	PRES	""" A new assignment dawns for you ."
tr	PRES	The last time , I recall that Garde showed up on a bad day and he just threw his hands up and walked off .
tr	PAST	He extended his hand out to me for a handshake , which I took with a smile .
tr	PRES	""" A life for a life , "" the demon master whispers ."
tr	PRES	"Please ... "" "" Sleep with me ? """
tr	PAST	Josephine weaved as dizziness crashed into her body like a physical force that threatened to knock her off her feet .
tr	PAST	Brent eyed him narrowly .
tr	PAST	Her blood soaked her shirt .
tr	PAST	He reassured his mother the best he could .
tr	PRES	I steal a glance at Elder and notice his frown .
tr	PAST	He sat on the stool by her bed , hands clasped with his elbows on his knees , watching her by the faint light of a lantern .
tr	PRES	' Blood drips from an injury .
tr	PAST	""" It 'd be risky for you too , "" Steve countered ."
tr	PRES	Selena mumbled , shocked .
tr	PRES	""" What about the bounty ? """
tr	PAST	This one bore only a few names .
tr	PAST	Janelle provided all that Oriole asked for .
tr	PRES	she lashes out with frustration .
tr	PRES	""" Oh no , "" Pete breathes ."
tr	PAST	The stone hinged on one end so that it opened like the mouth of an alligator , revealing the entrance to a cave .
tr	PRES	"I assume that was you ? """
tr	PRES	"Only emergency items . """
tr	PAST	He hopped out of Boo and went to open her door .
tr	PAST	The hands that had been holding him up pitched him forward .
tr	PRES	She loves him deeply , but loves this man , too .
tr	PAST	Eli stated as Zoey stood in front of him .
tr	PAST	Chapter Eleven I clutched her little body close to mine , leaning down to inhale her .
tr	PRES	Once I am on my feet he releases it , but not before giving it a slight squeeze .
tr	PRES	' And the chauffeur ? '
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth as his lips moved against her knuckles .
tr	PRES	He hears the panic in my voice and walks around the bed , slipping his arms around me .
tr	PAST	""" That silly little head on such a big feathery body . """
tr	PAST	The jolt charged the airship 's skin , blasting Harley clear .
tr	PAST	"He clipped the last word , then repeated , "" And here you are with Nick . """
tr	PAST	She motioned to the machine humming hungrily before them .
tr	PAST	She shrieked in frustration , tearing at her hair extensions .
tr	PRES	The rice tastes damn good , too .
tr	PAST	Chapter Five It feels like Jello , or more to the point , like walking through Jello .
tr	PRES	I bury my face in my hands .
tr	PRES	""" What a generous boyfriend , "" Amy said , her voice dreamy ."
tr	PRES	I wipe away the juice from my chin .
tr	PAST	I created almost all of the covers over a four day period last year , the exception being the cover for Tin Universe Monthly # 17 .
tr	PAST	""" You 're beautiful , kitten , "" he rumbled in his delicious voice ."
tr	PRES	Your father absolutely loves it .
tr	PRES	""" Bet you wish you had come with us for a drink now , Katie . """
tr	PAST	Marika must have sensed Jake 's presence .
tr	PAST	I froze when he spoke again .
tr	PAST	The Chinese translator froze .
tr	PAST	""" Life crawled out of these ponds millions of years ago ."
tr	PAST	Liam 's device beeped .
tr	PAST	She would come around , Bluebeard reassured himself .
tr	PRES	He loves our baby so much , and she 's not even here yet .
tr	PAST	He acted like his mausoleum was the greatest thing ever while appearing to believe that it was the only place to stay cool .
tr	PRES	"Does that mean I have to get you guys presents ? """
tr	PAST	I cringed stiffly away .
tr	PAST	He cocked an eyebrow at her .
tr	PRES	At the hospital , I discover things are worse than I thought .
tr	PAST	He braced his hands on the top railing and stared out at the river .
tr	PAST	A dozen Sky Raiders emerged from the breached wall .
tr	PAST	Jax hopped up off the stool and wobbled as he went down to his knees for the end of the third verse .
tr	PAST	The interior walls served as a canvas , projecting animated motions of the room 's stationary objects .
tr	PAST	The first page rustled as the book trembled in my hand .
tr	PAST	Then I stole his car and came home , and he showed up .
tr	PAST	He nervously adjusted his spectacles .
tr	PAST	he defended himself animatedly and then punched me very gently in the shoulder , pushing my back against the locker , but not in an unkind way .
tr	PRES	He remains on the patio and holds Mari 's gaze for too long .
tr	PRES	""" Thanks for the juice , Jo-Jo . """
tr	PAST	Once everything became public , my friends abandoned me , playing shocked and horrified while Thomas played the victim .
tr	PRES	My hand rises up over my mouth , and I find myself choking for air .
tr	PRES	The stars shone dimly , hidden by the tall trees and the brightness of the flame .
tr	PRES	""" What about three grand ? """
tr	PRES	Folding her arms across her chest like she so often does , Robin glares at me .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to yank Jeff by the collar and shake him like a dog .
tr	PAST	Marching around to the passenger 's side she flung the door open and grabbed her purse .
tr	PAST	Reaching up to the smuggler 's roughly bearded face , Cambria clinched his cheek for a moment .
tr	PRES	' Oh dear me , Nightingale ... you really are out of your depth here .
tr	PAST	A wedge of light snaked through the opening and warmed him .
tr	PRES	His screams pierce through me like I 'm being shot to death , one bullet for every second .
tr	PRES	"Over a thousand dead , "" begins Bogart ."
tr	PAST	She angled her legs sideways , her hands clasped .
tr	PRES	""" Sit down young man , lets have a look at that leg . """
tr	PAST	I sobbed in gasps as he held me , my heart aching so bad I wanted to pull it out to make it stop .
tr	PAST	She tugged his ears to bring his lips to hers .
tr	PAST	She brightened a little .
tr	PRES	Wandering past Trent 's apartment door on my way to the gym , I freeze .
tr	PRES	"Parker and Faye stood up from behind the table when Savannah said , "" Ouch "" "" Savannah ? """
tr	PAST	Her proud , handsome lover was most likely a demon now , his flesh desecrated , his soul corrupted .
tr	PRES	Cowboy Bob points out the constellation Leo and it 's not long till we spot meteors .
tr	PRES	The waiter brings out our desserts and refills my champagne glass .
tr	PRES	It signals the beginning of a new era .
tr	PAST	she asked sternly , floating before me , my bottle clutched in her hands .
tr	PRES	He points his beer at me .
tr	PRES	He stares at me .
tr	PAST	We all collected pieces of wood and started a fire to keep warm .
tr	PAST	I automatically froze , and I glared at her .
tr	PRES	""" We shaved my head this morning , "" Eric explains as he skips over to me ."
tr	PRES	""" She sings witch songs ... in the Old Tongue . """
tr	PRES	""" This won 't work , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PAST	"I denied it vehemently , "" But may I know why you ask ? """
tr	PRES	""" Not about your body , silly , but about your Trait and that song . """
tr	PRES	She likes the same music as I do !
tr	PAST	As far as first days of school went , I chalked this one up as a success .
tr	PAST	"she exclaimed , "" I know you !"
tr	PRES	His yellow eyes twinkle under mad white hair that wreaths around his head .
tr	PAST	One side of his lips curved up .
tr	PRES	He wears a tattered blue shirt faded by time with dirt smudges throughout .
tr	PAST	Well , she dumped him first and on that moment , it was his turn to dump her .
tr	PRES	""" He told me he loves me , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Ashby jerked against his ties , lurching slightly forward .
tr	PAST	He tugged on my hand slightly to pull me closer .
tr	PAST	His words chiseled away another chunk of her confidence that giving up her baby was the right thing to do .
tr	PAST	She dared not look anywhere but straight ahead .
tr	PAST	When he arrived , he circled the house , observing it from different angles .
tr	PRES	When I go to open my fist to see what it is , he pushes my arm closer to my body , shielding it from general view .
tr	PAST	The annual ritual commenced with an afternoon meal catered by a firm with whom Jed senior had a long-standing contract .
tr	PRES	""" Not those , silly ."
tr	PRES	""" Terrified , "" she whispers , her eyes searching mine , an unreadable look in them ."
tr	PRES	He loves the seclusion of this island .
tr	PRES	' Orange juice . '
tr	PAST	He doubted it would sate him , but he didn 't care .
tr	PRES	"We snuck up to her room and started getting ' it on . """
tr	PRES	Inhale , exhale , inhale , exhale .
tr	PAST	Dean flicked his eyes sideways .
tr	PAST	"Sage exclaimed , "" They 've taken Juanita to the mine !"
tr	PRES	The tip of the blade digs into my neck deeper .
tr	PRES	""" I 'll do whatever it takes to stop bullying at my school , "" I murmur ."
tr	PRES	My energy causes that you go out of your natural balance and you could explode .
tr	PRES	He clears the fence with one jump and barrels into me .
tr	PRES	""" To the brim ."
tr	PRES	""" Are you okay , Xavier ? """
tr	PRES	Maddy glances at the bags I 'm holding from other stores , each of them bulging with weird shapes .
tr	PRES	"No one likes it when Mom 's sad . """
tr	PAST	She executed a perfect curtsy , pale hair falling over one shoulder .
tr	PAST	Silence replaced the congratulations .
tr	PRES	Gus stands , his chair scraping the kitchen floor so loudly Julian covers his ears .
tr	PRES	""" The land of your ancestors . """
tr	PAST	Chapter 15 Kaitlyn dreamed of Zack that night .
tr	PRES	I smack his arm for his confession , but when he winks at me , I can 't help but grin .
tr	PAST	Pearl unfolded her arms and waved them up and down in front of Grace .
tr	PAST	A dark shadow swooped down from a hidden nest among the stalactites and landed atop the tips of its clawed leathery wings .
tr	PRES	He glances at Jessica .
tr	PRES	""" To a mundane ? """
tr	PAST	A blackness that engulfed him completely , and then , like it were the most potent of acids , he dissolved into it .
tr	PRES	Since I 'm so new and still establishing my name , having the Boston Times behind me really helps .
tr	PRES	Schultz frowns and shakes his head , wondering what he 's going to say to the American people tomorrow with the entire government looking so incompetent .
tr	PAST	Sadie exclaimed in some bewilderment .
tr	PRES	"Nobody uses it very often , though . """
tr	PRES	""" You Ok Mary ? """
tr	PRES	""" Senator Todd Davis . """
tr	PRES	""" Watch your step , little wolf , "" she taunts ."
tr	PRES	He toes the air like a boy testing the temperature of a pool .
tr	PRES	It tries again , but fails .
tr	PRES	""" I think it 's ' catch more bees ' and not lions , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Mage exclaimed , striding toward me with her arms held out .
tr	PAST	Shifting his left foot from the clutch to the accelerator to maintain speed , he scooted toward the middle of the bench seat .
tr	PRES	She tries to look put out , but a smile breaks out on her face .
tr	PRES	Then she throws up .
tr	PRES	I chuckle underneath my breath and it hurts my lungs because my muscles have been immovable for the past month .
tr	PRES	""" Sorry , Preston , "" mumbled Joe , looking sheepish ."
tr	PRES	""" Our identity ? """
tr	PAST	They preferred to do their killing here , for no purpose , Balthazar supposed .
tr	PAST	An arm circled my waist , steadying me .
tr	PRES	Xander stands as well , walks over , and pushes the Mic button .
tr	PRES	""" Including our tattooist , Horace ."
tr	PRES	Her eyes shone preternaturally bright .
tr	PAST	Lillian dumped the sliced pepper into a bowl .
tr	PAST	CHAPTER NINE Terrance exited the building as soon as the service ended and ran for his vehicle .
tr	PAST	She motioned toward the dress draped across Elora 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	I playfully punch him in the arm .
tr	PAST	the stranger inquired , keeping his eyes on the steaming coffee .
tr	PAST	Isaac cocked an eyebrow at him impatiently .
tr	PRES	But from time to time he touches his neck scratches , gets an anxiety pang , and thinks about Monday when Warren will return .
tr	PRES	Diocletian blames the Christians for his dwindling power .
tr	PAST	From the direction his eyes strayed I could tell he was intent on speaking with me .
tr	PAST	""" Guard him with your life , "" I instructed them needlessly ."
tr	PAST	"Inside , Danica silently cheered Michelle on for standing up for her mother , but she said , "" Yes , she can !"
tr	PAST	That night on Nona 's couch , I dreamed I was on top of the mayor , pushing on his eyes .
tr	PRES	And he always wears gloves .
tr	PRES	""" Hello , Liam , "" he said , his voice a deep rumble ."
tr	PAST	The silvery glow of the moonlight reflected off of his menacing white face .
tr	PAST	Darryl awoke with a start .
tr	PAST	He wandered over to the French doors , hands clasped behind his back as he looked to the west .
tr	PRES	"He just chews on them until they break into pieces . """
tr	PAST	Chas tensed and his eyes narrowed in pleasure .
tr	PAST	Travis measured the pig feed and set down the bowl for Gregory to eat .
tr	PAST	Helen swiped the air .
tr	PAST	"I would hurt you , "" he rasped ."
tr	PRES	""" You 've improved , "" he snaps ."
tr	PAST	The tone matched the expression .
tr	PAST	And even though her true heart belonged to my father , she treated Arthur with the love and respect that he deserved .
tr	PAST	""" Could that have been more beautifully stated ? """
tr	PAST	""" Check a mirror , "" she taunted back ."
tr	PAST	"I chased them away with a Biblical broom , but they kept coming back when I wasn 't able to stop them . """
tr	PRES	She begins to rebuke her for frightening Albert , and I seem to be forgotten for the moment .
tr	PAST	Then she uttered the words I had been praying she wouldn 't say .
tr	PRES	Nine stands up suddenly , looking over at John .
tr	PAST	Still , she barely slowed .
tr	PAST	The whisper tugged at her , but she fought it down as best she could and looked mutinous .
tr	PRES	He offers me a smile that crinkles around his eyes as he starts up the engine .
tr	PAST	When his eyes stopped on her , she froze .
tr	PRES	""" Pretty unlike you to have such a low balance ."
tr	PRES	""" We simply await your command ."
tr	PAST	Vega accompanied the main body while two guitarists and Aros laid down suppression .
tr	PAST	Noah 's stomach churned .
tr	PRES	He still suspects I 'm more than just a fuck buddy of his father 's .
tr	PRES	""" That I was , brave soul ."
tr	PAST	The pilots terminated immediately its guidance , as they maneuvered to avoid being hit ; even without assurance tht their missiles will not alter its course .
tr	PRES	""" What about tailing Vaughn ? """
tr	PRES	""" His male appendage ? """
tr	PRES	Breathless he hauled it out gently and placed it on the ground for Jen to have a look .
tr	PAST	"We have just over two months to prepare , "" Delilah announced early in January ."
tr	PAST	He shuffled the pack solemnly , asked his customer to do the same , and began to set out the cards into an arcane pattern .
tr	PAST	Her fingers , tapered and delicate , caressed the glass .
tr	PRES	""" Just make him come alive , Jesus , the way you made the birds come alive ! """
tr	PRES	"And he hears everything . """
tr	PRES	""" Can we disable the shuttles ? """
tr	PRES	Leading me over to an oversized white truck , he helps me climb the mini stepladder to get inside .
tr	PRES	' Where your pet ? '
tr	PAST	A terrible sadness washed over her .
tr	PRES	""" To celebrate the start of my class preparation . """
tr	PRES	A plane touches down on the military landing strip above the Utah laboratory .
tr	PAST	This series of actions jolted me to attention , and hastily I produced my pistol , which hung around my belt .
tr	PAST	I doubted she walked anywhere .
tr	PAST	The curse exploded out of him , a reaction too strong to contain .
tr	PRES	Aren 't they , you know , mentally ... ' He pauses .
tr	PRES	""" Kiss her better then , jackass . """
tr	PRES	Not a word more than the usual lies that he knew would get him out of the room and back to the carpentry .
tr	PRES	""" Bang these together , Jess . """
tr	PAST	Once safely back at the sanctuary of my desk , I tidied up a little bit and sat down to figure out which DNAs were running low .
tr	PRES	""" Thought he had you there for a minute , "" he breathes ."
tr	PRES	Brielle glares at me a moment before excusing herself to the bathroom .
tr	PAST	The drums rumbled again .
tr	PRES	Dax pushes his lips forward as he holds his emotions in .
tr	PRES	But Mike just chuckles .
tr	PRES	""" And with every second , my love remains in the wastelands , cold and alone ."
tr	PRES	""" Thanks , "" I mumbled , and I broke off a corner ."
tr	PRES	""" My headaches are worse , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" Go to him , "" she whispers , and I do ."
tr	PAST	Thunder vibrated the glass .
tr	PRES	Andy Burke , my best friend , falls from his seat to the ground .
tr	PAST	Noah easily countered his moves .
tr	PAST	"Ow ... Make him stop , Daddy , "" Cameron shrieked again , at the top of his voice ."
tr	PRES	Without answering she begins to run ... .
tr	PRES	""" I don 't want to live , "" she whispers , pushing past me ."
tr	PRES	""" Ahhh ... I think she fractured my arm , too . """
tr	PAST	While inside , Kris charged me to be checking her out every once in a while .
tr	PRES	""" Get out of here , Amy , "" Elder mutters , casting a worried glance at me ."
tr	PAST	His energy on those premises so powerfully matched the energy of the big rats that they felt at home freely damaging all the birds ' clothes .
tr	PRES	It shone in her eyes more brightly than the sun .
tr	PAST	""" I can , "" Kiran volunteered ."
tr	PRES	Suddenly the light in the room shift to the color red and a low mournful alarm begins to sound .
tr	PAST	Truthfully , she desired him no ill will ( nor Mila and the rest of them ) .
tr	PAST	But I trusted Felix .
tr	PAST	Emotion always ruled her .
tr	PRES	"Walking over to the intruder Diana states , "" Following you ?"
tr	PAST	His breath fogged as he spoke .
tr	PAST	I froze , wondering if I was only imagining things , but the whine came again .
tr	PAST	It matched his fur elsewhere , though .
tr	PAST	Coffee sloshed over the sides .
tr	PAST	""" I lent it to Maddy . """
tr	PRES	Ringing fills my ears .
tr	PAST	Still reeling , Grace related the story back .
tr	PRES	He offers me his elbow again , and we walk toward the action , stepping over thick cables criss-crossing the ground .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head and raised an eyebrow .
tr	PRES	""" Cherry Martinez ? """
tr	PAST	Mr. Henderson , my art teacher at school , marveled at my talents .
tr	PAST	When he climbed into bed with Jase , Jase extended his arm and Luis snuggled up against his chest .
tr	PAST	He immediately sensed something wrong .
tr	PRES	""" You are so beautiful , "" he whispers , his breath hot on my ear ."
tr	PAST	That bothered me from the start .
tr	PAST	""" Ask him yourself , "" Brandon grunted ."
tr	PRES	""" Group B ? """
tr	PRES	He opens his arms .
tr	PRES	What business brings you to Damascus ? '
tr	PRES	I shuffle toward the door .
tr	PRES	He plays his cards close to his chest .
tr	PAST	A long strand of fire flicked out from the pit and snapped in the air like a whip .
tr	PAST	Then holding the card at opposite corners between thumb and forefinger , he twirled it round and round .
tr	PRES	Since I was one of Jillian 's bridesmaids .
tr	PAST	The twins bounced over to the mirror above the sink .
tr	PRES	""" The computer recognizes your fingerprints ."
tr	PAST	"Before I could embarrass myself with another gem from my stand-up routine , the porch vibrated with deep whoops of "" Sawyer ! """
tr	PRES	He mumbled about finding my mom , arriving in Paris , and then Jolie finding him .
tr	PAST	Schwartz denied everything and kept doing all he could .
tr	PRES	""" So , she hates me because her son likes me ? """
tr	PAST	She took a step forward , their hands still clasped .
tr	PRES	Clutching the broken halves and the first aid kit , I stomp up the stairs and into the bathroom that connects to Alex 's room .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice deep enough to pleasantly rumble in her ear .
tr	PAST	""" Walk it off , "" Pate advised him , and his eyes flashed then ."
tr	PAST	Cordova stiffened , uttering a low moan , and he went utterly still .
tr	PRES	Once I 'm seated beside Pen on the bed , Blaze explains the game to me which is basically truth or dare .
tr	PAST	""" Trust me hun , my mom typically cooks for an army so you 'll be moaning from eating too much within a few hours . """
tr	PRES	Jen lays her chin on my shoulder , and we look out at the blank canvas of night together .
tr	PAST	During those years he proved himself as a person worthy of respect , and showed some willpower after all .
tr	PRES	I crack an eyelid to look around .
tr	PAST	Auron tickled , and kissed her cheeks .
tr	PAST	A concealed edge lingered beneath her voice .
tr	PRES	"After they 'd finished , Hobbit keyed his comm , "" Round complete , over . """
tr	PRES	She exhales , her hand on her chest as if she thought I was dead because I 'm over two hours late and I didn 't call .
tr	PRES	Even in his deteriorated state , his snake eyes shine bright and cold .
tr	PAST	I fidgeted on the stool and tried to contain the impulse to get up and walk out the door , knowing it was what I should do .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm in desperate need of a shower , "" I announced to the room ."
tr	PAST	With a huge jerk , Neil awoke suddenly and sat up .
tr	PRES	""" And , "" Kit continued , "" observe my brother , Dirk , over yonder . """
tr	PRES	Can you , Lord Brand ? ' '
tr	PRES	""" You do have a flair for the dramatic visual , Lucy , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	Evelyn pushes her hands into her hair , clenching her fingers around the thick locks .
tr	PRES	You refuse , James chuckles , looking at his grandmother .
tr	PRES	Lennox just stares back at her .
tr	PRES	"In the movies ... "" "" Ah , the movies ."
tr	PRES	Trystan 's fingers flinch .
tr	PRES	As a dozen workmen haul the last of the tent poles to a nearby truck , the supervisor approaches me with a clipboard and a pen .
tr	PRES	I snuck over to the hedge and crouched to the side of it , resting my spear in the grass .
tr	PAST	Vincent replaced the bottle in Duncan 's hand with a shovel .
tr	PAST	""" You know I 'm right , "" Janet persisted ."
tr	PAST	He selected what he thought were the best books that might give the answers he wanted .
tr	PRES	"She mumbled something about "" this can 't be "" and "" I don 't understand . """
tr	PRES	"He likes you . """
tr	PAST	As it drew closer , Joshua identified it -- like in the painting , it was a giant cicada bird .
tr	PRES	The main doors to the school open and a woman enters .
tr	PAST	Jake 's eyes twinkled with mirth as he observed his grandmother interrogating Mark .
tr	PRES	""" If I had your personality ?"
tr	PAST	He created you because He longed for fellowship .
tr	PAST	As she went further and deeper , she slowed her steps , creeping on as quietly as she could .
tr	PAST	The tiger crouched atop the broken Russian 's body , muscles rippling , hackles high , fur sticking straight out in all directions .
tr	PAST	Isaac 's jaw tensed .
tr	PRES	As he begins to realize it was only a nightmare it suddenly dawns on him that the day has arrived for him to face the monster again .
tr	PRES	"At least two nails , a nice , long , scratch . """
tr	PAST	Mr Tiny waddled across .
tr	PAST	I silently thanked whoever was responsible for that .
tr	PRES	On the road he lies .
tr	PAST	Ashley pierced through Sam 's flesh and pulled his heart out .
tr	PAST	Through the silence a persistent knocking vibrated .
tr	PAST	A small display projected in front of her .
tr	PRES	He mutters a curse and sits forward over his knees .
tr	PAST	I clutched my backpack to my side as I ran away .
tr	PAST	The impact rumbled the arena and surrounding buildings like a star fallen from the heavens .
tr	PRES	""" Are you okay , Spence ? """
tr	PAST	The machine operated continually around the clock .
tr	PRES	Frantic now , I scramble backward , as if I can somehow escape the stain despite the fact that I am wearing it .
tr	PAST	She flattened a hand to the carpet , slumping back against the couch .
tr	PAST	Drusilla dove aside and rolled back onto her feet as writhing tentacles snatched at her !
tr	PRES	Weber stops , standing too close , looming over me .
tr	PAST	Would he have dared do that ?
tr	PRES	Isaiah 's engine roars again and the sound vibrates between the layers of my skin and muscle .
tr	PRES	But I warn you , if you so much as raise your voice , you are out for good .
tr	PAST	"A moment later he announced excitedly , "" It 's them !"
tr	PRES	I HAVE NO IDEA .
tr	PRES	It brings the major players together , and sets the main story in motion .
tr	PRES	Instead of bowing to return the courtesy , Ervin brings his trident to attention .
tr	PAST	The man staggered backward , his heart pierced , front and back , by his own weapon .
tr	PAST	The beasts sought to escape , but next came a flurry of arrows .
tr	PRES	I hobble into the kitchen , my muscles and joints screaming with every step .
tr	PAST	Although it was almost midnight , the moon reflected on the rocks and water below .
tr	PAST	In the extreme quiet of the night , its hinges rasped so loud that she imagined it could be heard all over England .
tr	PRES	"She loves you . """
tr	PRES	""" Can you teach me how to do that ? """
tr	PAST	She froze , the ache in her chest stopping her breath as the tears threatened to blur her vision .
tr	PRES	Gage hisses in my ear .
tr	PAST	She blamed it on the glass .
tr	PAST	She had risen slightly above the rest and was gazing in that direction , her eyes shrouded in rippling blackness .
tr	PAST	He steered the Jeep onto the road .
tr	PAST	Carmine eyed it peculiarly .
tr	PAST	""" This place is creepy , "" Audrey announced suddenly ."
tr	PAST	Jordan hurriedly unzipped the backpack .
tr	PAST	His jaw tensed almost imperceptibly when he shifted his gaze to her .
tr	PAST	"Speaking of lying , you lied when you told me you didn 't speak to your father , but you did , didn 't you ? """
tr	PAST	Being out this far from civilization provided little cell phone coverage .
tr	PAST	My fingers fisted into his gentle curls , holding him in my kiss .
tr	PAST	She sped up as she approached the window at the far end of the ward and hurled him at it .
tr	PRES	""" Fisher , stop , "" I begged , but she squeezed it ."
tr	PRES	Dirk chuckles at Wes .
tr	PAST	""" I hope the dress helps , "" Margaret stated softly to Delilah ."
tr	PAST	she cocked her head , a sad whimsical smile on her face .
tr	PAST	""" Relax your shoulders , "" he instructed ."
tr	PRES	But he felt the need , the obsession boil up in his brain .
tr	PAST	Perhaps he sensed a friend .
tr	PRES	"Tomorrow we march on Alegria . """
tr	PRES	To my mind , modern life just offers too many numbers that we 're supposed to keep track of .
tr	PAST	As the entire bridge gave way he utilized the only option he had left .
tr	PAST	""" Tell Meg all about it , "" she crooned ."
tr	PAST	All pounding hooves and leaping arches , they charged through the course , making quick work of the mammoth fences .
tr	PAST	The councilmen scribbled on paper .
tr	PAST	Aris received her amazement with an enigmatic smile , one that had Selene itching to know just what stories it was hiding .
tr	PRES	When I rub my hand over the static charged screen for the fifth time the warning message disappears completely .
tr	PAST	Unwelcome facts emerged , before too long : Outside our home , the world 's constructed wrong .
tr	PRES	Jacques remembers very little of his past .
tr	PRES	He kept his rifle barrel pointed in their direction , his finger still resting on the edge of the trigger guard , his voice strong and steady .
tr	PAST	Their eyes dimmed in annoyance as this warrior head evaded their deadly blows .
tr	PAST	"He flicked a contemptuous glance up at the roof of the litter , then said , "" If you please , ladies , strap in ."
tr	PAST	She scrolled down the page and clicked on the OLDER COMMENTS button and found what she was looking for .
tr	PRES	""" Just like old times , hmm ? """
tr	PRES	"You threaten to expose him and ruin his reputation in his hometown . """
tr	PAST	An ABC which he still clutched in his hand .
tr	PAST	She stomped over and poured her mother a mug , then slid it over the granite countertop .
tr	PRES	After several minutes of making up for all the kisses we missed out on for the last week , the cold temperature begins to affect us .
tr	PAST	I mumbled to myself as I walked deeper into them .
tr	PRES	Despite the fact that I saved my friends lives in return for theirs , the truth remains : I was a murderer .
tr	PAST	Charles unzipped the tent flap for her .
tr	PAST	""" Your mother remarried , but that marriage ended quickly in divorce ."
tr	PRES	""" As you wish , Your Highness . """
tr	PAST	When your ancestor created this unique way of passing down information , he also protected any mind that carries it .
tr	PAST	His pulse slowed to a hundred beats per .
tr	PRES	I lean back in frustration .
tr	PRES	""" Isn 't that delightful ? """
tr	PAST	Sonia 's body stiffened beside him which he completely ignored .
tr	PAST	""" It 's not broken , "" I reassured her ."
tr	PRES	""" You ok ? """
tr	PAST	Pete fled his apartment because his rent had risen to astronomical , incomprehensible numbers , and he was several month 's rent behind .
tr	PAST	I sensed he was coming closer .
tr	PRES	"Oliver loves his limousine . """
tr	PAST	He unzipped his jacket slightly and took off his hat .
tr	PRES	I lean over and kiss her on the cheek .
tr	PAST	With each one he classified he also enlightened us on their strengths and weaknesses .
tr	PRES	As a werewolf , I hunger for meat .
tr	PRES	A look of question pops on his face .
tr	PAST	He bore her back down onto the sleeper , sprawling across her so that her legs were pinned beneath his .
tr	PAST	""" Ah , your birthday feast , "" Elaine exclaimed slapping her hand on her desk ."
tr	PAST	Nick underestimated Conte if he believed a conversation would soften him .
tr	PAST	Questions swirled around my head constantly .
tr	PAST	Two helpers untied the trellis and another two reached down for him .
tr	PRES	I mumbled something that sounded like yes .
tr	PRES	He falls silent and his wife , behind the screen again , goes on .
tr	PAST	""" You were really something in there , Ms. Straker , "" marveled John Waverley ."
tr	PAST	She nodded , her small face alight with relief , with her pleasure in telling him what she had done .
tr	PRES	The sun shone , but the air held the chill of the coming winter .
tr	PAST	Her father tugged her away , taking her place at his side .
tr	PRES	"You 're a collector , I assume ? """
tr	PRES	""" Peace Stephen . """
tr	PAST	The bed bounced as he stood up .
tr	PRES	"He likes to be in control . """
tr	PRES	"He plants all kinds of distrust for the Council as he does it , making the potential prey distrust the only people who could help them . """
tr	PRES	"' Please god , help me now that my husband is gone . ' """
tr	PRES	""" And no cool scars , just a hand in a cast for six weeks ."
tr	PAST	Maggie strained against me , her back tensed and bowed .
tr	PAST	A tendril of unease snaked through Noah .
tr	PAST	More footsteps charged after their room .
tr	PAST	In his mind , he willed it to stop .
tr	PRES	""" Wha ' ? """
tr	PRES	Oxbow frowns at the dead bodies .
tr	PAST	It bounced once , then landed on the floor .
tr	PRES	"It helps set the tone I was mentioning to you earlier . """
tr	PRES	She was gasping , her eyelids fluttering .
tr	PAST	""" My life is none of your concern , either , "" I countered ."
tr	PAST	Love relayed another set of numbers .
tr	PRES	""" You don 't want to eat on the island , "" Buddy states what he thinks should be obvious ."
tr	PAST	I sobbed uncontrollably , my stomach clenching , over and over , until I ached .
tr	PAST	The packaging split as they tried to cram it into the car and an arm dangled out .
tr	PAST	""" I don 't want to talk about this anymore , "" Neil stated ."
tr	PRES	' The removal of all rivals from within the Order of the Allied Moon . '
tr	PRES	I chew on my bottom lip .
tr	PAST	Seth advanced , following me back up the path .
tr	PAST	Thunder clapped and lighting zigzagged , illuminating the gray sky .
tr	PAST	Susan flung herself the other way , clinging to the neck , and felt the dragging abyss under her feet .
tr	PAST	She shields the sunlight with her hand .
tr	PRES	She glances at the newspaper and marker I 've brought down with me .
tr	PAST	She tipped her head to the side .
tr	PAST	She hopped off his lap to search for her clothes .
tr	PRES	Logan offers to drive me over in the Mustang .
tr	PAST	The dog withdrew and heeled , panting a cloudy mist .
tr	PAST	She regarded him for a long moment , her expression somber .
tr	PAST	His head tipped down and alarm shot through her at the way he said it .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	I groped desperately for something to say , wishing again I 'd learned the social skills that came so easily to others .
tr	PRES	""" Do not resist , Sonia ."
tr	PAST	' He then motioned over all of them .
tr	PRES	He points to Piers , who has turned rigid next to me .
tr	PAST	They soaked it up like a sponge .
tr	PRES	Diana trusts Jaime implicitly and would go anywhere with her without a fight Jaime wears bangs .
tr	PAST	She dared not turn on the running lights for a few miles .
tr	PRES	"I represent a client who I believe you recently meant . """
tr	PRES	The chimes hanging in the room jingle together as the storage jars shimmy across the room .
tr	PRES	""" I 'll never call you paranoid again , "" Echo breathes ."
tr	PRES	In this dark world , the louder you shout , the bigger your balls .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , that explains why she was so eager to leave when I burst into her chamber . """
tr	PRES	"The small accounts like the one we 're after now add up and with just one big one you are made . """
tr	PAST	"The fingerprint evidence from the door frame of the closet door provided independent corroboration of this identification . """
tr	PRES	""" Why Cherie ... ? """
tr	PAST	Jackson hooked his finger in the belt loop of my jeans and pulled me closer to him .
tr	PAST	A day that represented everything he hated .
tr	PRES	He rip you apart and use your head for a bowl ! '
tr	PRES	The stenographer stops filing and looks at me with her wide cow eyes , slowly smacking her gum .
tr	PRES	She looked fresh , her hair still damp .
tr	PRES	he asked , voice husky .
tr	PAST	Julian shuffled across the room and sat beside her .
tr	PRES	My mouth opens and Maryanne 's tongue slides inside .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed , her hand moving over her heart .
tr	PRES	She points to Piers .
tr	PRES	""" I might as well tell you , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" All smiley . """
tr	PAST	Crow grunted and removed the crystal again then walked to the shining , fat grey wedge blocking the door .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't worry about it , Amaranth ."
tr	PAST	""" And he supposedly messed with Meredith 's grandfather 's mind so much that this old man tried to kil his wife and his three-year-old granddaughter ."
tr	PAST	Jaime 's tongue circled hers and then he lifted her from the ground .
tr	PRES	""" This is Uriel and he  s not a demon , "" I reassure them ."
tr	PRES	""" Blah , blah , blah ."
tr	PAST	A dozen dogs still pursued them .
tr	PAST	Mario piped in unexpectedly .
tr	PAST	She tugged at her bodice to cover herself .
tr	PRES	she tries to ask , mouthing the words slowly because she can 't be heard .
tr	PAST	Mike tugged at the front of his shirt .
tr	PAST	' In the dark hour before dawn I doubted , but we will not part now .
tr	PAST	His companion eyed him warily .
tr	PAST	They retreated around the standing stones , and the Ice Lord ignored them .
tr	PRES	""" I 'll take that as a yes , "" Tim mumbled ."
tr	PAST	' I 'd got a bit of a mess of beans cooking , ' he mumbled , looking at his visitors through filmy eyes .
tr	PAST	For I have lied to you .
tr	PAST	Then he withdrew his hand and almost turned to walk away .
tr	PAST	When I slid into the back seat , Rachel squealed .
tr	PRES	""" Du n no with what . """
tr	PAST	Tristan cocked his head .
tr	PAST	Illumination brightened a new window , and a moment later they heard locks being unfastened .
tr	PAST	Vince 's dubious expression mirrored Nolan 's gut instinct and he sighed , knowing what he had to do .
tr	PAST	"Creepy abandoned house with a gory background ? """
tr	PAST	"Lois just quit today . """
tr	PAST	""" When I was in Rome , I mailed it to myself with a bunch of other jewelry . """
tr	PAST	April stiffened noticeably , and her warm smile froze .
tr	PRES	""" Missing librarian . """
tr	PRES	"Ain 't I respectable ? """
tr	PRES	The look he gave her began to melt what little composure she 'd mustered .
tr	PRES	""" Of course , Kacey , "" he whispers ."
tr	PAST	She slowed her breathing , trying to regain control .
tr	PRES	Being here with her made me soar .
tr	PRES	Wild creatures spy from tangled boughs above while a crone crouches behind a tree , beckoning , her gaunt arm a ragged branch .
tr	PRES	""" In English . """
tr	PAST	He protected her with the bulk of his form , wrapping his arms around her head .
tr	PRES	""" Well done , some inspiration for a change ."
tr	PAST	If you could , the Clave wouldn 't have panicked so much when the original Mortal Cup went missing .
tr	PAST	The nature of the labyrinth , I scribbled into my spiral notebook , and the way out of it .
tr	PRES	A musky spice that clouded her thoughts and filled her senses .
tr	PAST	Her hands balled into fists at her side .
tr	PRES	She folds it into a square and carefully blots the tears under her eyes .
tr	PAST	Far off I sensed hundreds of minds broadcasting an array of emotions , everything from shattering fear to unbridled glee .
tr	PAST	' Normal sizing ? '
tr	PRES	""" Come on , come on , come on , "" he mumbled softly ."
tr	PAST	""" I mean it , "" Neil persisted ."
tr	PAST	Tavi regained his balance and set off in pursuit .
tr	PAST	I froze for a moment .
tr	PRES	""" Occasionally , Frank and Teri invite me over ."
tr	PAST	She untied her apron while moving toward the kitchen in the back .
tr	PAST	"I named it "" Lewis Valley "" after our fearless leader ."
tr	PAST	""" Always before , you acted almost as if you were ashamed of your title ."
tr	PAST	"You proved that while you were his captive ... "" Jenny no longer heard him ."
tr	PAST	He was covered in a light sheen of sweat and still looked good enough to eat , his long braid swinging down his back .
tr	PRES	""" Under all the layers , a part of you remembers ."
tr	PRES	He remained with his head hung , eyes gaping at the floor .
tr	PRES	- Me too now , till they 'll call me to something show .
tr	PAST	""" To cope with the loss of your mother and the subsequent events that transpired after her death , you created an alter ego . """
tr	PAST	The queue inched forward as young children ran around between the legs of grumpy grownups , yelling and screaming .
tr	PAST	Blake 's eyes squinted and his mouth smirked .
tr	PRES	Chapter 4 The Red Screw Ah , that clears it up then .
tr	PAST	Even though I can 't feel his touch , my fingers wrap around his , reacting to the stimulation .
tr	PRES	My father draws back in his seat and takes in a full deep breath before expelling it in a sigh .
tr	PRES	The stairwell splits into two directions that lead to each side of the house .
tr	PRES	"But so , so primitive -- they even worship the spirits of their ancestors . """
tr	PRES	No one bothers to come out and play with her .
tr	PRES	""" Whoa there cowboy ."
tr	PAST	His friend inhaled deeply and looked down at him .
tr	PRES	"How delightful to see you ! """
tr	PRES	"I want you , "" I add , my voice sounding calm and sure despite the butterflies in my stomach ."
tr	PRES	""" What the fuck ? """
tr	PRES	If you approve turning them loose , of course .
tr	PAST	The faery still crouched on the railing , perfectly balanced , his elbows resting on his knees and a faint smile on his face .
tr	PRES	My tears flow ; my mind is overshadowed by a cloud of disappointment .
tr	PRES	""" No , "" Marissa murmurs , tears wet on her cheeks ."
tr	PAST	The warehouse piled high with crates .
tr	PAST	# Steven slowed his car and watched until her taillights faded into the fog .
tr	PRES	He reaches for me in the dim light and I pretend it 's a happy coincidence that his hands brush my bare thighs .
tr	PAST	I grunted , but didn 't cry out , even when he hit the sensitive area at the backs of my thighs .
tr	PRES	Serena remembers having her hand on the book , about to open it until the other room appeared , catching her attention .
tr	PRES	She loves him , Drake .
tr	PAST	He claimed Cloud was a clone .
tr	PRES	""" I don 't want to talk about it , "" I snap ."
tr	PAST	The grill rose like a monument of chrome , topped by the hood ornament , the star .
tr	PRES	In a partial wall a brick fireplace stands alone , charred and abandoned .
tr	PRES	I march past Jeff and Bryan , the two bull dog bouncers who watch over the private rooms .
tr	PAST	He tugged his sleeve to hide his metal wrist band .
tr	PAST	Quick as a flash , Spike leaped to his feet .
tr	PRES	Her empathy for others reaches beyond those she touches .
tr	PAST	"He claimed nothing was going on , at least not anymore . """
tr	PAST	She screeched in pain as her head and hands slammed into the cold marble floor .
tr	PAST	Destiny fisted her hands in his hair and tugged hard , but his mouth pulled strongly at her neck .
tr	PAST	First he inhaled her scent , and then he licked the blood .
tr	PRES	' Feel free , Pol .
tr	PAST	Colton sniffed deeply but could only smell the slight metallic tinge that had been present since he had first awoken .
tr	PAST	Pausing on the steps , I steadied myself .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm sure Callum will be delighted to receive both your congratulatory kisses , "" Regan stated , smiling with great humor at Sonia ."
tr	PAST	She stifled a yawn .
tr	PAST	But she quickly regained control of herself .
tr	PRES	Across the shoulders , back , groin .
tr	PAST	Red regarded Vincent a long moment before giving a shake of his head .
tr	PRES	The mischievous twinkle that sparkled in Oliver 's eyes dulls and his shoulders slump .
tr	PAST	They wrung my hand and acted as though they were delighted to meet me .
tr	PRES	Her eyes were closed , bow mouth open just a little , puffy sleep breaths gusting .
tr	PAST	Cian 's harsh tone reflected his pain .
tr	PRES	""" I heard about this type of thing , but I never thought I would witness it , "" Renny mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Aunt Pol exclaimed , leaping to his side .
tr	PRES	He hugs me tighter .
tr	PAST	She fiddled with the strap of her duffel bag .
tr	PAST	Stefan eyed them warily .
tr	PAST	Her hand glowed red and she pressed it on her chest .
tr	PAST	He certainly desired and could afford the very best .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , for the love of God , not this again , "" I said , rol ing my eyes ."
tr	PRES	"It changes the way you see the world ... . """
tr	PRES	At the word proud , Gavin glances away .
tr	PAST	I prevented my mother from being happy .
tr	PRES	The shadow reaches for my arm and I jump back to a wall .
tr	PAST	My sobs that I tried to hide shattered my voice .
tr	PRES	His tongue slides across my bottom lip , and I open my mouth , letting him inside , wanting to taste more of him .
tr	PRES	""" So your family punished you with a vulnerability that gave men control of your body ?"
tr	PAST	They all donned facemasks and stepped toward the pit .
tr	PAST	We dyed my bleached hair back to its original dark brown .
tr	PAST	Apparently , we had both shopped the same fifty percent off rack at Macy 's last week .
tr	PRES	"likes to pretend that he 's Steve Martin ( "" to throw the paparazzi off the scent "" ) ."
tr	PAST	Falling to her knees , she crawled closer .
tr	PAST	An uneasy feeling stole through her .
tr	PAST	You never bore me .
tr	PRES	Nothing abnormal about my sister .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm not sure I can fit this in my purse , "" I joked ."
tr	PRES	' No luggage ? '
tr	PRES	Finally , as he does whenever Blake is around , he crawls on top of his father 's body , and falls asleep .
tr	PRES	With an irritated sigh , Link climbs into the saddle and quickly gallops away from the village .
tr	PAST	Chloe 's eyes roamed the room .
tr	PAST	Cora stormed to the bed , grasping the post - she began to pull .
tr	PAST	Ken extended his wings , and dashed upward , colliding with Silver .
tr	PAST	Behind her the walls glowed with an unnatural light .
tr	PAST	And she stripped them of that .
tr	PRES	A few highland chieftains however still pledge for the King .
tr	PAST	A small , round window next to the door revealed the gallows on the other side .
tr	PAST	He tugged at the waistband of Ainsley 's skirt .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm the worst at everything , "" I mutter ."
tr	PRES	A thought occurs to me : Maybe she was invalidated .
tr	PAST	Susannah 's stomach tensed .
tr	PAST	I clutched onto my pillow and brought my fluffy blanket around me .
tr	PAST	Color bled all over his back and arms , intricate tats sketched in beautiful patterns across his skin , the opposite of the horrors that stained mine .
tr	PAST	I grunted , but did not believe a word he was saying .
tr	PAST	"Just be patient , "" 13-year-old Jo-Jo chided ."
tr	PAST	He lied to me .
tr	PRES	""" What about his mobile ? """
tr	PAST	No attachments , no feelings , and no concern over whether they could be trusted .
tr	PRES	""" Danielle , this is a bad one , "" Snow Flower states ."
tr	PRES	""" Yes , Agent Price , "" she teased with a little smile that failed to disguise her fear ."
tr	PRES	""" There was work to be done , lass ."
tr	PAST	But as I stood in appreciation of the atmosphere , a wave of nausea washed over me .
tr	PAST	He stuffed the napkin back into the file where he was keeping copies of his old grant applications and rubbed his eyes .
tr	PAST	She stifled an impulse to lecture him on his sloppy demeanor .
tr	PAST	Perhaps when Horne had seen what he 'd done , he 'd panicked .
tr	PAST	The scent of smoke deepened around him .
tr	PRES	Luthor reaches toward me , and the scream in my throat dies , choking me and leaving me breathless .
tr	PAST	His heart glowed as he gazed into those glittering green eyes , at the small smattering of freckles across the bridge of her delicate nose . '
tr	PRES	""" I think you have it wrong , "" he murmurs ."
tr	PAST	I 've sensed Jalal developing ... misconceptions about you .
tr	PAST	"Katrina exited , facing the camera , put up her umbrella and said , "" Welcome to Matilda 's ! """
tr	PAST	""" Oh , honestly , "" she chided , but she relished his strong sexual appetite ."
tr	PRES	I cal ed , my voice wavering .
tr	PRES	It matches my ballet flats perfectly .
tr	PRES	Seconds later the driver 's - side door opens and Seth hops in and Luke follows .
tr	PAST	A variety of kids shuffled into the room .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm Carson , "" Carson begins , since he 's closest to Robbie ."
tr	PRES	She glances up at me with doubt .
tr	PAST	Taking me in his arms , Sean presses his hard body against mine .
tr	PAST	She cringed as soon as the words were out of her mouth .
tr	PAST	Then let me take you out for a drink , ' Oliver announced .
tr	PRES	"The fault lies with them . """
tr	PAST	Right now , we handled support for local hospitals and insurance companies , but we 're always looking to expand .
tr	PAST	Stephen must have sensed the growing tension and let out a cry .
tr	PAST	"The foremost soldier saluted , "" Unit forty-two Bravo here to recover the body sir . """
tr	PAST	We emerged and quickly rolled .
tr	PRES	If we let you go , that causes some major problems for us .
tr	PRES	""" And what about you , Allie ? """
tr	PRES	""" I promise to at least bring you for a visit , "" she teased ."
tr	PRES	""" He deserves to be thrashed soundly ."
tr	PRES	""" Please , stop , "" she chuckles , unwinding in the presence of her trusted guard ."
tr	PRES	""" Well , I hope you find them , "" I add ."
tr	PRES	Emily breathes in a hushed tone .
tr	PAST	Anna froze in her tracks .
tr	PRES	My memory only begins when my car veered off the road and down into the trees several dozens of feet below .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , a little loudly , and I slapped a hand over my mouth and looked fearfully at the door .
tr	PAST	Lesley scribbled busily on her piece of paper .
tr	PRES	""" Bye , "" we blurt ."
tr	PAST	He caressed her back absently .
tr	PRES	I warn you that I was heaving this morning due to the pregnancy , so I don 't think I can go on much longer today .
tr	PRES	The cop inhales suddenly , and it 's way too loud .
tr	PRES	""" I assume you can find him at home ."
tr	PAST	""" No , it reappeared , just not in the same form as when it disappeared ."
tr	PAST	Dan stepped off the platform , his briefs clutched to his chest , and took Mr. Morris ' arm so that they could plow through the crowd .
tr	PRES	He stands up straight .
tr	PRES	""" In my drawer , Trace ."
tr	PAST	Debating about how to approach them and what to say , her purse clipped a bag of cough drops that landed to the floor with a thud .
tr	PRES	The same day I barter with a toiletries merchant .
tr	PAST	Tears pricked her eyes .
tr	PRES	""" Cute , "" Avalon mumbled under his breath ."
tr	PAST	Martin readied himself for take-off .
tr	PAST	At least the dark gods protected their own .
tr	PAST	My back smacked into a support post .
tr	PRES	""" If you hadn 't been off on a secret rendezvous with your hubby , you could have come , too , "" Blaire teased ."
tr	PRES	Gage speeds over with his leg buckling each time he takes a step .
tr	PAST	Jack inched toward me protectively .
tr	PRES	"I know , "" she mumbled against her forearm ."
tr	PAST	I faltered as I remembered something Cade said , but I pushed it away , focusing on the now .
tr	PAST	I experienced pain I could never have imagined before .
tr	PRES	"A trifle more . """
tr	PRES	""" Time to go , ladies ."
tr	PRES	""" Making shirts for the winter carnival ."
tr	PAST	""" Some guard dogs , "" Eve scoffed ."
tr	PAST	""" You tricked me . """
tr	PAST	Sensation overflowed for a brief , shining moment .
tr	PAST	Greg pretended to carefully consider the view while he used the extra light to search out Hazel .
tr	PAST	He transferred the memory chip from the camera to the laptop and copied the video first .
tr	PRES	""" We both , um ... "" she tried again ."
tr	PRES	""" I can 't stay , "" he begins ."
tr	PAST	I sensed a something welling up inside me .
tr	PRES	So it just lies there .
tr	PAST	""" That 's only wise , "" Morgan concurred ."
tr	PRES	I looked up sharply , my smile fading .
tr	PRES	""" Aly , "" I mumbled through a groan , my face buried in her chest ."
tr	PRES	""" Can you connect to just anyone ? """
tr	PRES	""" Please do not be offended , Princess ."
tr	PRES	Warner stops the tank .
tr	PAST	""" Howdy , "" Bax announced as they closed the short distance to the glow ."
tr	PRES	The man at my side holds my hand with tender sureness , grounding me .
tr	PAST	""" She tricked me ! """
tr	PRES	I wipe away the tears in my eyes and go into the living room to call Lea .
tr	PRES	He winks at me because he doesn 't care .
tr	PAST	He scooted out of the booth and helped me rise .
tr	PRES	"Holly likes to - "" My mother 's eyes narrowed in anger ."
tr	PAST	Devon 's hand snaked back , he seized hold of her arm so fast that she didn 't see him until he had already grasped her .
tr	PAST	""" Has our boy proposed to you yet ? """
tr	PRES	I wiggle my fingers at the unconscious Nicholas and stroll out the door .
tr	PRES	Her head falls forward and she bites down on my shoulder .
tr	PAST	Her eyes flicked downward , as though noting this further encroachment .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deep , then exhaled , searching for calm .
tr	PAST	He froze , unsure of what to say .
tr	PRES	A secretary brings in coffee and they manage some strained small talk until the door is closed for good .
tr	PAST	I cringed without realizing it , until nothing immediately came flying at me .
tr	PAST	""" I apologized for saying that , "" he countered , eyes flashing a bright yellow ."
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	"And is one monument going to lead to another ? """
tr	PAST	""" That longboard is 10,000 , "" Summer reported ."
tr	PAST	Slamming his arm into the table , the spike shattered shards into the air .
tr	PAST	She regarded me calmly .
tr	PRES	Eros holds up his flower chain , a mismatch of colorful blossoms .
tr	PRES	""" That 'd solve one of my problems , "" Leo mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Even before she turned on the light , she froze , instinct taking over .
tr	PRES	Blood sells tickets and makes money .
tr	PAST	His voice dimmed and became distant .
tr	PAST	He stares at it for a long moment .
tr	PRES	""" Oh my - "" Something bursts out of the grey light ."
tr	PAST	The radio embedded in his ear buzzed .
tr	PAST	My heart skipped a beat .
tr	PRES	"What brings you here ? """
tr	PRES	In the mean time recruit men and women who are on our side .
tr	PAST	Her breathing sped up until she was gasping with every thrust .
tr	PAST	""" It is Christian , "" Brother Thomas exclaimed more surprised than anybody else ."
tr	PAST	Clothes racks , chests of drawers and carton boxes neatly organized the diverse men 's wardrobe .
tr	PRES	"Push more there . """
tr	PRES	He winks and smiles .
tr	PAST	And he lied to me to make me trust him .
tr	PAST	The scene unfolded slowly as the figure appeared from no-where standing in the middle of the road .
tr	PAST	""" And replaced them ? """
tr	PAST	I froze , my foot on the bottom step , as I wondered who it could be .
tr	PAST	He looked at Gabrielle , tipped his hat .
tr	PRES	So the town still plays up that part .
tr	PRES	""" Gemma , "" Sam said , hoarse ."
tr	PRES	she shrinks back to put more distance between us .
tr	PRES	"They scare me . """
tr	PRES	No one touches you ever at all .
tr	PAST	Her fingers flicked over her possible choices like a hummingbird around a trumpet vine before landing .
tr	PRES	""" I joined Lord Loss , "" she whispers ."
tr	PAST	Gene still acted funny since their phone call , almost angry .
tr	PRES	Maybe he likes me in the way I like him ... or maybe it 's just my wishful thinking .
tr	PAST	He urged the car forward a little faster , still trying to feel the old timbers through the steering mechanism .
tr	PRES	When he pulled her upright and moved his mouth sensually over hers , she almost begged him to drop her into the hay again .
tr	PAST	Clouds dusted over him , cool and moist , and birds flew beside him .
tr	PAST	I twirled it in my fingers , staring at the numbers .
tr	PAST	Prue gritted her teeth to stop herself from crying out .
tr	PAST	They ruled suicide out .
tr	PAST	"He arose not but simply replied , "" I have not the authority to surrender but will submit to capture . """
tr	PRES	Adam stands up so suddenly he nearly knocks over the coffee table .
tr	PRES	""" Ok , um ... "" I took only 5 seconds to think , "" I give up ."
tr	PAST	""" Because , "" he faltered , "" they couldn 't find the guy ."
tr	PRES	Frustrated , Emma clears away a small spot on the bed and sits .
tr	PAST	We saluted to those who 'd gathered to see us off , then faced down the tunnels and set off .
tr	PAST	His calming presence washed over her , and after a few minutes of frantic weeping , she regained enough composure to raise her head .
tr	PAST	She sought the right words , the right feelings ... Do not !
tr	PAST	He charged his lurker .
tr	PAST	The mystery surrounding the verdict swirled more each day .
tr	PAST	He snaked a long arm down the table , pouring a cup of coffee before answering .
tr	PRES	Stop fighting , you idiot .
tr	PRES	Evie glances over at me with a crooked eyebrow .
tr	PAST	""" Every sketch you had drawn of that place proved to be incredibly accurate ."
tr	PAST	Andrea eyed the car keys in Kim 's hand , wondering if she could snatch them without hurting the woman .
tr	PAST	"Randall 's head emerged from beside her , and David knew that he had been "" feeding "" on her ."
tr	PRES	He stops me with a raised palm .
tr	PRES	The girl slides her finger over the black lines outlining the colored areas , then passes to an ochre zone .
tr	PRES	Taking a second to lament , he hears a distant whoosh of air , like a whip swinging through a gust of wind .
tr	PAST	New gang graffiti painted in red marks the warehouse across the street .
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth while she waited for Carlo 's laughter to die down .
tr	PRES	""" So right , sis ."
tr	PRES	""" Her ... ah ... health . """
tr	PRES	""" I 'll be tasting this soon , "" he whispers , teasing my entrance with one fingertip ."
tr	PRES	' Not for long , mistress . '
tr	PAST	Love preferred to rely on BGF .
tr	PRES	He glances at me before his gaze shifts back to the icy road .
tr	PAST	Uncertainty and alcohol fused inside his brain like a twisting DNA strand .
tr	PRES	He reaches up for the straps of my dress and pushes them over my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Shane 's lips lingered on my skin before he lowered his forehead to mine .
tr	PAST	The wax bore the mark of the Duke 's own lion seal .
tr	PAST	He sought height , as if rising above the dwellings of man could give him a better perspective on life .
tr	PAST	I erected a mask of composure the next day when I strode into work , determined not to let my personal life affect my work .
tr	PRES	Silent night They flow South , and entered the Grand Canyon .
tr	PAST	I might as well have skipped the wardrobe upgrade .
tr	PRES	""" Right , "" Vanessa mumbled ."
tr	PAST	I calculated our success rate if we bolted to the door , and our chances , though daring , were not high at all .
tr	PAST	Then she retreated out of the middle of the argument to shut the door in their faces .
tr	PAST	She fidgeted with a ribbon in her hair .
tr	PRES	It never ceases to surprise me how a mob can get so blood thirsty in a matter of minutes .
tr	PRES	Tears prick at the backs of my lashes , and I don 't know how to stop them .
tr	PAST	She sobered , her voice strained as sincere green eyes slanted up to me .
tr	PAST	Then she coiled it into that familiar messy bun .
tr	PAST	""" Doubtful , "" the lean man sniffed ."
tr	PAST	Now McBride acted as though he thought he had shaken the tail .
tr	PAST	He had other plans of his own , his powerful fingers grabbing the globes of my behind , kneading and caressing them .
tr	PRES	You reproach me with your creation , come on , then , that I may extinguish the spark which I so negligently bestowed . '
tr	PRES	That only pisses me off more .
tr	PRES	""" What shapes ? """
tr	PAST	""" I don 't want to talk about this anymore , "" I stated ."
tr	PAST	That whipped his thoughts back to those purple satin sheets .
tr	PAST	He crawled under the covers with her and their knees bumped .
tr	PAST	The people around Oakes feared for their own flesh .
tr	PAST	She wagged a finger vaguely in the direction of the incident , now miles away .
tr	PAST	"Tucker 's deep voice boomed , "" Scott ! """
tr	PRES	"Its internal power must be very unstable and those guns are ridiculous , I don 't care how scary it looks , "" Lisa states ."
tr	PRES	Then a terrifying thought strikes me .
tr	PAST	The woman in the center of it all seems detached , resigned .
tr	PRES	She opens the door wider so I can step inside .
tr	PRES	Only if she liked all of a band 's demo songs sufficiently would she checkout their live show .
tr	PRES	The aging rich often surround themselves with antiquated servants .
tr	PRES	Mariam grasps Serena 's arm .
tr	PAST	After all , he denied her everything else .
tr	PAST	Leaning over , he claimed her lips , plunging his tongue into her mouth .
tr	PRES	That helps a little , though I 'm still millimeters away from losing it .
tr	PRES	A dead giveaway that she 's lying .
tr	PRES	Comes in pods ? '
tr	PAST	Melisa propped herself up on an elbow , facing me .
tr	PAST	""" They were murdered , "" Norah scoffed ."
tr	PAST	He anchors me to life and lets me experience it through him , just a bit .
tr	PAST	His mind sought for the right approach to take , but there was nothing he could come up with to protect her .
tr	PAST	They still acted like they were bound even though no one paid any attention to their hands .
tr	PRES	""" Meaning what , precisely ? """
tr	PRES	""" But what if ... what if they don 't approve ? """
tr	PAST	""" Static electricity , "" I lied ."
tr	PRES	A hand touches my shoulder , but I don 't look up .
tr	PAST	But today her words matched his own concerns too closely to disregard them .
tr	PRES	"I assume this will make these elves immortal ! """
tr	PAST	The bartender stiffened when she got a glimpse of Ryder 's face .
tr	PRES	Leo stops in his tracks while looking into a cell block .
tr	PRES	My smile returns and my nerves sing with exhilaration .
tr	PRES	Eight round beads shone brightly within ; four the size of flattened tennis balls , the other four no larger than lemons .
tr	PAST	The forest writhed in the dark .
tr	PAST	Even though I saw an r , I pretended not to .
tr	PAST	He sensed it coming and moved at the last second , but it changed his focus just enough that she managed to wrench away from him .
tr	PRES	"It tastes decent pan-seared over the fire . """
tr	PAST	Much to his annoyance , the memory of their kiss lingered with him .
tr	PRES	""" Mmm hmm , "" I mutter ."
tr	PRES	""" The Tour de Marseilles auto race offers a prize of 50,000 francs ."
tr	PAST	He crouched down in front of her without answering .
tr	PAST	His body unraveled and he started to shrug off the clinging rays .
tr	PAST	She retreated from the brief flash of pain .
tr	PAST	Pippa balled up her fists .
tr	PRES	""" No , "" I snap , although the thought had crossed my mind many times ."
tr	PAST	She sensed new powers being invoked - the bustling activity all through the Redoubt while Oakes stood here drinking and admiring the view with her .
tr	PRES	"Am I ok ? """
tr	PRES	Pen opens her eyes , and I meet her gaze for just a moment .
tr	PRES	A few minutes later , the panel at the top of the stairs slides open .
tr	PAST	Her mind quit working and she felt her heart skip .
tr	PRES	Quite where her words had all come from though she wasn 't sure , a mix of homespun wisdom and remembered phrases from celebrity interviews .
tr	PRES	""" Is that what you 're thinking , sweetie ? """
tr	PAST	Heavenly music floated down to greet them .
tr	PAST	He briefly compared her to Jenny .
tr	PAST	He crouched into the corner , the tapping at his lower back a gunshot from a sniper 's bullet .
tr	PRES	She exhales then frowns with puzzlement .
tr	PAST	I feared for his safety !
tr	PAST	She glided to the window with purposeful strides , her knife in one hand , a gun in the other .
tr	PRES	""" This changes everything . """
tr	PAST	Kincaid eyed the empty glass on the bar like he wished it was still full .
tr	PAST	Noah winds a strand of my hair around his finger and tugs on it , just as I 'm about to put one of my earbuds in .
tr	PAST	Jeffery exclaimed when the first Arash troopers made contact with the hull .
tr	PRES	""" Darling , I do not think murdering a large portion of Europe is a little thing , "" he teased ."
tr	PAST	Ash stiffened , and his hand went casually to his sword hilt .
tr	PRES	Finally , at the age of thirty , he attained a supreme awakening and immortality .
tr	PRES	The dress fits perfectly , as well it should , since I 've had it on and off a dozen times adjusting the fit .
tr	PAST	None of my Union boys matched your Will , but I suspected your aunt would respond strongly to an angel .
tr	PAST	At last , he slapped Jon on the back .
tr	PRES	He pushes me behind him hiding me from view .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and takes something out of his drawer and swiftly walks to where we 're sitting in the back of the room .
tr	PAST	""" Black feather , black wax , "" I say , nodding ."
tr	PRES	""" I know , lass ."
tr	PRES	So it stands to reason all the houses of the town don a mud exterior with grass , flowers , and vines throughout .
tr	PAST	"... going out Dumpster diving later ... "" "" ... no money ."
tr	PAST	He cowered away from her , but she made no move toward him .
tr	PRES	"It tastes like grape juice , and I was dying for a drink . """
tr	PRES	A low murmur drifts out from the rest of the Undine .
tr	PAST	Finally , his green eyes flicked to mine .
tr	PAST	But some things you didn 't forget , he reflected .
tr	PAST	"If the Queen tricked us - "" "" She didn 't ."
tr	PAST	He eyed me from the other side of the car after I climbed out , leaning his arm against the roof .
tr	PRES	I strain my ears , paranoid of every space and every shadow .
tr	PAST	He smoked and cured enough meat to last through the cold winters .
tr	PRES	""" Thanks for seeing me , Rich ."
tr	PRES	""" I need to be alone for awhile , "" I mumbled quietly ."
tr	PAST	""" Yes ... yes I am , "" she countered ."
tr	PAST	As she drove home , a relaxed , comfortable feeling stole over her .
tr	PRES	As intended the reaction was good natured mutters and gasps .
tr	PAST	Stacey dumped her trash , sending me a wave as they headed out .
tr	PAST	"Maybe I 've got like Stockholm 's syndrome or something , "" she joked ."
tr	PAST	""" Well , at least she 's still local , "" he exclaimed while he ran a hand through his hair ."
tr	PRES	She pays with a credit card .
tr	PRES	Chapter Eleven Last Minute Forgiveness So much to do .
tr	PRES	His dark curls bob as he talks .
tr	PAST	Singer pricked his ears up .
tr	PRES	Another question pops into my head .
tr	PAST	I untied my bikini bottoms , guiding his hand lower , putting his fingers right on my sex .
tr	PRES	She flips it over .
tr	PAST	I exclaimed , angrily .
tr	PAST	A man who 'd claimed Ivy was his and shunned any store that tried to do the same to Rose .
tr	PAST	I had doubted him .
tr	PRES	I lean into his touch , reveling in the soft stroke of his skin .
tr	PAST	Then and there , I pretty much ruled out going to the police unless something else turned up .
tr	PAST	Sunny eyed her for a second before smiling , seeming to accept the need to shift gears .
tr	PRES	""" I know they love me , "" I grumble ."
tr	PRES	Zander falls against the side of the truck and presses his hands to his face .
tr	PRES	Sean clutches his stomach , wincing at the pain .
tr	PRES	""" Wait a minute ... "" I mutter , leaning toward the window ."
tr	PRES	' Where it issues from the shadow of the vale a green hill rises upon the east .
tr	PAST	She announced before standing up straight despite her inability to do so yet .
tr	PAST	None cheered , but many wore expressions more eloquent than cheers .
tr	PAST	He tormented her for years .
tr	PAST	""" Not so strange , "" Paul stated ."
tr	PRES	Wilson explains to me that three out of the four of them are exchanging their time in order to get help on their own houses .
tr	PAST	A deep male voice droned .
tr	PAST	""" Just as I lied to you ."
tr	PAST	He chased them as his mother chased him .
tr	PRES	""" Mr. Carmichael - "" "" Rodney ! """
tr	PAST	It still floated hundreds of meters away .
tr	PRES	She holds her daughter , smiling .
tr	PRES	""" Did I scare you , Miss ? """
tr	PAST	He simply trusted that we would send for him .
tr	PRES	""" Good , because they scare me . """
tr	PRES	She mutters a little more and extends a hand for me to pull her up .
tr	PAST	Marcus propped his feet up on the porch 's railing .
tr	PRES	Without warning , he enters me in one long thrust , forcing a loud moan out of my throat as we slam hard up against the wall .
tr	PRES	"That never changes . """
tr	PAST	His teeth chased the slippery glob around his mouth for a few chews then he swallowed .
tr	PRES	""" Chantilly is just so heartbroken , "" mentions Suzy when we 're at her house ."
tr	PRES	""" Mind control , "" Edgar mumbled with a dark glare ."
tr	PRES	He releases a noncommittal huff then really looks me in the eye for the first time all night .
tr	PRES	He cracks a sideways smile .
tr	PRES	My question shocks him .
tr	PAST	The Vietnamese war between the North and South produced no real winner other than the North becoming united under some form of communist government .
tr	PRES	""" Why , hello there ! """
tr	PRES	""" The garage . """
tr	PAST	He quickly clasped his hand back over her mouth and then struck her in the spine .
tr	PRES	I assume that 's because he didn 't expect me to survive .
tr	PRES	""" Three stitches on the tongue ?"
tr	PRES	The ability to breath returns , but now I can 't seem to stop breathing !
tr	PRES	No one deserves that kind of abuse .
tr	PAST	He served the Corporation , even though he knew they committed horrible acts .
tr	PRES	The words jump out of my mouth the second Mel opens the door .
tr	PRES	"Shhh , that 's enough , "" I said , pul ing my arm away and hoisting her into a sitting position ."
tr	PRES	"Zoey : "" Have it your way , but you 'll be sorry ! """
tr	PRES	' Blood oath ! '
tr	PAST	""" No Janet quit the cheer team yesterday ."
tr	PRES	Jayden pushes me up against the wall and leans forward , crushing his body against mine so I can 't move , placing his lips on mine .
tr	PAST	I exhaled the breath I was holding and leaned back until the wall was holding me upright in my seat .
tr	PAST	We circled , and there was a small smile on his face as he waited for an opening .
tr	PAST	A nervous look stole over her .
tr	PRES	""" Jennie , it has come to my attention that you must move into the yellow room , "" Aunt announces first thing ."
tr	PRES	One of Coin 's men lays a hand on my arm .
tr	PAST	Again Madison attempted to wrench free , but the sleeping pills were making her light-headed .
tr	PRES	He falls to his knees .
tr	PRES	""" Red Lake . """
tr	PRES	""" I assume he put his number in there , right ?"
tr	PRES	He sees me , so he speeds up .
tr	PAST	Ignoring him , the assistant motioned to Valerie , who was sitting next to Straker .
tr	PAST	He , too , scooted away .
tr	PAST	She sensed that there was something more Thierry wanted to say .
tr	PAST	Claire tensed and glanced back at him .
tr	PAST	An employee swooped in from nowhere and held out his hand expectantly .
tr	PRES	He padded off to the kitchen , the antennae on his slippers waving gently like seaweed in a current .
tr	PAST	Bryony slowed , and turned to look at Edwin on the steps below her .
tr	PAST	Sometimes I even anticipated a fight .
tr	PAST	Cece propped herself up on her elbows , not bothering to push back her hair as it fell in her eyes .
tr	PAST	Everyone brightened as they billowed out , and the Reapers were especially pleased , and held themselves proudly .
tr	PRES	""" Whoa , lady , settle down ."
tr	PRES	""" Originally , yes , but now my father uses one at the other end of the hall for his workout room ."
tr	PRES	Or a rocket launcher ?
tr	PAST	He exhaled his deepening uncertainties .
tr	PAST	Dropping onto the couch , I propped my bare feet up on the coffee table and set my laptop on my knees .
tr	PAST	""" Nice , "" I laughed , tip toeing across the gravel so that the stones wouldn 't trip up my three inch heels . ."
tr	PRES	""" I have to tell you that I love you , Frida , "" he whispers to me ."
tr	PRES	""" AIDS stands for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome ."
tr	PRES	' What brings you to Mole Town ? '
tr	PRES	""" I don 't really know him , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" He kills them when he feeds ? """
tr	PRES	""" I assume that your wards detected my presence ."
tr	PRES	""" Aren 't they a beautiful couple , Harvey ? """
tr	PAST	The man leaped up , like he had wings , and perched atop the sedan , standing on one foot , perfectly balanced .
tr	PAST	Cameron 's chest rumbled with his words .
tr	PAST	' Comms is fine , sir , ' Gilmore reported .
tr	PRES	My heartbeat slows a bit and the tears ease up .
tr	PAST	For as long as he was still awake , Edward Kipper panicked in hopeless desperation .
tr	PRES	""" Ms. Greg ? """
tr	PRES	The Pit sings in you , and its song is beautiful .
tr	PAST	Tension engulfed us as he moved toward the door .
tr	PAST	She claimed she knew how private investigators were supposed to dress because she 'd known so many stars who played those kinds of roles .
tr	PAST	Heinz withdrew without another word .
tr	PRES	""" So the rich old dude likes you , does he ? """
tr	PRES	""" Amy whispers encouragingly to me ."
tr	PAST	Pam pretended to calculate the amount in her head .
tr	PAST	Ellen received an enormous promotion along with the matching salary to go along with her new duties .
tr	PAST	Grey clouds lingered refusing to give way to the brilliant blue underneath it .
tr	PAST	The last member of my family evaporated before my eyes , now only ashes floated away and settled into the rust colored dirt of the arena .
tr	PAST	Their eyes bore into me as they pressed forward .
tr	PAST	Tammy prayed she wasn 't going to be too late .
tr	PRES	Lyall , that jackass .
tr	PAST	Eric marveled at how well the evening turned out after the shaky middle to their day .
tr	PRES	He exits through a side door .
tr	PRES	""" Look at this , "" he announces ."
tr	PAST	Crimson cocked her head to the side , smiled , and fluttered her eyelashes .
tr	PAST	""" Wallace obtained a recording of his voice ."
tr	PRES	He lets go of my shoulders and stares at me .
tr	PRES	""" It is only borrowed for the occasion , "" Sarah mumbled ."
tr	PRES	Kelly refuses to even look at me .
tr	PAST	""" She accidentally awakened us again when her ship crashed here . """
tr	PRES	"Then -- "" "" I disagree . """
tr	PRES	""" Hang on , Sonia ."
tr	PAST	Every one of them clutched a bottle of synthetic blood .
tr	PAST	She inhaled her cigarette , the smoke exiting a few seconds later .
tr	PRES	Bye , bye , doggie .
tr	PAST	"But he slapped shields around his leg and kept fighting . """
tr	PRES	""" No gossiping with the other servants ! """
tr	PRES	' Beg pardon ? '
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , ghostly figures floated noiselessly across darkened paths above and below .
tr	PRES	He winks at me .
tr	PRES	She reaches the edge of the glowing , swirling sphere and places her hand against it .
tr	PRES	He slams his chronometer hand up against the cabinet in front of us .
tr	PAST	The wing on that side arose from his back and spread forward , as if tied to the motion of his arm .
tr	PAST	The growers wept , but this time , none of them fled .
tr	PRES	""" For you , Lloyd . """
tr	PAST	Rafe sought to keep his impatience in check .
tr	PAST	""" Adam , "" the demon feared and hated him ."
tr	PRES	""" We warn them ."
tr	PRES	It tends to get streaks in it that are nearly white by midsummer .
tr	PAST	The stranger withdrew a fearsome blade , much larger than the one Paul held .
tr	PRES	( You observe my new vein of allegory ? )
tr	PAST	Since Maia was still asleep in Luke 's bedroom , he announced that he 'd be just fine on the couch .
tr	PRES	The removal of these important items often occurs before parties .
tr	PAST	Her face blanched as she realized that was exactly what she 'd been hoping for .
tr	PAST	Holiday motioned for Kylie to sit on the mat .
tr	PAST	So I flattened my body against the wall , let go of the sill , and started tiptoeing toward my destination .
tr	PRES	The light flashes green , and the heavy door swings wide .
tr	PRES	I assume the other side contains the same .
tr	PAST	This proximity created a sense of intimacy that made clients feel comfortable enough to share some of the most private details of their lives .
tr	PRES	""" Ten bucks . """
tr	PRES	""" Then thanks , I guess , "" Jace mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" Shut up , Beans ."
tr	PRES	A small doorway opens and I 'm in the attic .
tr	PRES	The door silently opens by itself .
tr	PAST	An owl hooted quietly from the rafters and I fought the urge to turn and run out .
tr	PRES	"Meanwhile , Amara wishes to meet you . """
tr	PAST	He slowed to let a car flashing its blinker slide into the lane ahead of him .
tr	PAST	Simon received a concussion .
tr	PRES	""" Oh goodness , "" Dr. Vance comments ."
tr	PAST	Her sister 's tone brightened .
tr	PAST	He came as close as he ever had to dancing , his arms outstretched above his head .
tr	PRES	With everything going on , the burden of finding true sanctuary falls heavily on you .
tr	PRES	"Doesn 't he attract a lot of attention ? """
tr	PAST	"By my transgressions , I stole two turns of work from her . """
tr	PAST	He clutched the package above his head .
tr	PRES	But when they spoke , their French accents clouded my earlier impression .
tr	PRES	Not that it bothers me .
tr	PRES	""" I don 't know , "" she lies , not wanting to discuss the murders she witnessed ."
tr	PRES	""" We do , "" Jeremy murmurs ."
tr	PAST	Derrick even flicked it a few times in the beak and it didn 't move .
tr	PAST	Then I plead with him to come back and sate me .
tr	PAST	He created the company with next to nothing and has been reaping profits with no real outlay ever since .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hand on the counter .
tr	PAST	I shuffled awkwardly , instantly regretting the kiss .
tr	PAST	His fear , confusion , rage , and undying love engulfed her .
tr	PRES	' That sums it up fairly well , yes . ' '
tr	PRES	He mumbled something incoherent in reply and I got up and took him by the hand to lead him to the bathroom .
tr	PRES	Over his shoulder , he glances back at me and gulps .
tr	PAST	thursday , january 7 Dylan I often woke up to see one or other of them standing in the kitchen .
tr	PRES	""" And so am I , sweetheart ."
tr	PRES	He presses down on the accelerator , and we speed up .
tr	PRES	A hint of sympathy enters his gaze , and he touches my cheek with one hand .
tr	PAST	In the center was the donations box covered in kitty cat wrapping paper and above it featured the poster board showing many of the adoptable felines .
tr	PRES	""" Du n no ."
tr	PAST	He sensed Takeo was plotting a major assault .
tr	PAST	Kathy almost slapped the phone out of his hand when she had the opportunity .
tr	PAST	Genny 's lips provided a smile .
tr	PRES	Wrapping my arms about his waist , I lean into him and close my eyes .
tr	PAST	Instead of naming Pruitt his successor , he named Louisa CEO , and within days , Louisa filed for a divorce .
tr	PRES	Andy points across the room .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms carefully around the large vase holding the arrangement , picks it up , then walks to the door .
tr	PRES	""" That is so gross , "" he mumbled against the mat ."
tr	PAST	I always soaked it up in the summer , knowing that I would be wishing for some of its warmth in the dead of winter .
tr	PRES	He reaches for a button on his console .
tr	PRES	The doors swing open and I watch Jayden climb out of his parents ' car .
tr	PRES	""" Fuck Jas , "" Knox grits out ."
tr	PAST	India slapped her leg , rocking in her silent laughter .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm a - "" She tensed in an instant ."
tr	PAST	I nearly collapsed in relief .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , but Jackson , for as much as I love having him around , he tends to make wrong choices ."
tr	PAST	I cringed , trying to imagine the searing pain .
tr	PRES	"You too , Louisa ; ladies . """
tr	PAST	""" I hacked into the security feeds of all the airports and train stations in southern Italy ."
tr	PAST	China shattered as it hit the far wall .
tr	PRES	Anyway , the trial plays beautifully for the family of the deceased .
tr	PAST	"She code named the impressive virus "" Intruder "" ."
tr	PAST	The one he was standing on rotated forward and up while the branch in front moved backward for him to step on .
tr	PAST	I inched back toward the hinges of the door so I 'd be behind him when he entered .
tr	PRES	""" And Gregory Davis ? """
tr	PAST	Georgie crouched in front of the dryer , trying not to block the light .
tr	PRES	She stops in front of a maze of lanes .
tr	PAST	Fury mingled with the disillusionment .
tr	PRES	""" To swim in the sky in a storm . """
tr	PRES	Thunder booms in the background and lightning flashes across the room .
tr	PAST	His mating mark glowed as he brought it to her hip to match their marks .
tr	PAST	Her mouth hinged open like a guppy .
tr	PRES	""" And how many times will you threaten to out me if I stay ?"
tr	PRES	""" No apology ? """
tr	PAST	She blamed the fact she was working when , since his business collapsed , he wasn 't .
tr	PAST	Then , she stood and washed his hair , her touch soothing as she gently massaged his scalp .
tr	PAST	Chapter Fifteen Ghosts of the Fairground I emerged , squinting in the darkness , trying to see where I was .
tr	PAST	Our orders instructed us to march to a village called Beaulieu , there to ransack and fire the houses , driving off such animals as we encountered .
tr	PRES	"Who suffers in all this ? """
tr	PAST	She tensed as she listened , glancing past him to where Carmine stood by the door .
tr	PAST	She leaped down and then hauled herself up the other side , digging her feet into the muddy walls of the trench .
tr	PAST	' I 'm not her , ' Cora stated boldly .
tr	PAST	I then engaged the enemy as well and counted all shots hit true to their marks .
tr	PRES	""" No clue . """
tr	PRES	""" That Doug and I were making out or something . """
tr	PRES	' My kingdom draws breath , ' he whispered to his brother . '
tr	PRES	""" Of course , "" he murmurs , resting his cheek against the top of my head ."
tr	PRES	""" How about two plates of your world-famous breakfast ? """
tr	PAST	Martinez prayed silently at first , then saw no reason to hide it .
tr	PRES	"He brings in buckets of water and lays out his tools in a neat arc next to the clay . """
tr	PAST	Ev propped a chair at an angle under the door knob and flipped the open sign to closed .
tr	PAST	Truth be told he was rather worried to see his unflappable Randolph so , well , flapped .
tr	PAST	Joe replaced his glasses after polishing the lenses on his shirt .
tr	PRES	The metal wall isolating the armory from the rest of the ship slides open .
tr	PRES	""" No , "" I blurt , and spin around , and keep going down the hall ."
tr	PRES	He glances at me and obeys .
tr	PAST	You killed them , a small voice in his head stated firmly .
tr	PAST	She shuffled through the mail .
tr	PRES	""" You steal my breath . """
tr	PAST	She doubted it could get much worse .
tr	PAST	As the years came and went , he often marveled at the trust the king had put in these people .
tr	PRES	""" I assume there 's a live camera feed of the Level Two corridor right outside that door ? """
tr	PAST	Suddenly the bush rumbled and Michel appeared .
tr	PAST	""" So I prayed that she 's happy and safe . """
tr	PRES	""" Been smoking spine too long ."
tr	PRES	"I knew I was good but I didn 't realize I was that good , "" he teased as he trailed his fingertips up her bare arm ."
tr	PAST	I stomped to him trying to look as pissed as I was , an endeavor which I was pretty sure succeeded .
tr	PAST	Crossing her legs , Jane toyed with a ballpoint pen .
tr	PRES	On the tips of his worn boots , Jas snuck towards the stranger 's cabin .
tr	PRES	My heart slams against my ribcage so hard it hurts .
tr	PAST	Stepping inside , she froze .
tr	PAST	I crouched down beside her .
tr	PAST	""" I 've got nothing to say to you , "" Clayton fumed ."
tr	PRES	""" Total badass . """
tr	PAST	The metal screeched , raising the hair on my neck , and shock shifted into fury .
tr	PRES	""" A case of food poisoning . """
tr	PAST	""" Stomach flu , "" I said , adding , "" nothing too serious . """
tr	PRES	The Dean presents each student with a personalized gift for each class that they pass .
tr	PAST	Silvery beads of water exploded all around him .
tr	PRES	His skin is pockmarked and dry , a single purple vein throbs and bulges on this forehead .
tr	PRES	He opens the door . )
tr	PRES	"Have I screwed her up in that way ? """
tr	PRES	""" She loves me . """
tr	PRES	Talking helps distract me a little .
tr	PRES	Pam laughs and the cheery facade returns .
tr	PRES	""" Why all the cloak and dagger ? """
tr	PAST	Staring down at her hands , she pretended to be engrossed by her nails .
tr	PRES	' Hello , hello !
tr	PRES	"Now , what do you want , Keita ? """
tr	PAST	She screeched as she was yanked without warning into an alcove .
tr	PAST	A block farther north I thought I found a couple prospects .
tr	PAST	His hands left her shoulders and plunged into her hair , tilting her head to the angle he desired .
tr	PAST	I tensed , expecting him to pull the toy out , to strip me of the pleasure that was right there , within my grasp .
tr	PAST	He squinted at the chair , his eye watering with effort .
tr	PAST	It served no purpose in the trick except to look impressive , like , This only appears to be a difficult trick .
tr	PAST	Jace 's eyes flicked to Clary once , a question in them ; she nodded that she was all right .
tr	PAST	That stumped him for a moment .
tr	PAST	My loins convulsed over and over , sending shards of bliss throughout my body until every part of me tingled and vibrated .
tr	PAST	Emily cocked her head .
tr	PAST	He extended his arm .
tr	PAST	We dumped our cash onto the floor and separated the bills by likeness .
tr	PRES	""" Is Annie home yet ? """
tr	PAST	I find Dallas sitting on the couch , her feet propped up on the arm as she scrolls through the screen of her phone .
tr	PRES	I forgave Margaret for her hot-tempered response when I understood what she meant .
tr	PAST	He motioned for the armor , and the man helped him into it as quickly as he could .
tr	PRES	Five 's skin returns to normal .
tr	PAST	Attending bal games ceased .
tr	PAST	""" Always man , "" Brian slapped Doyle on the back ."
tr	PRES	Everybody who 's charged blames the other guy .
tr	PRES	Laughing , Erin throws caution to the wind and lets herself have some junk food .
tr	PAST	Presently , Thomas ' voice intruded on her consciousness .
tr	PRES	I lean forward , overlapping my hands on my knees .
tr	PRES	""" Trying to rip everything again , Frey ! """
tr	PAST	The caller 's name glowed on the screen .
tr	PRES	""" Cut it out , "" he chuckles , shoving her to the side playfully and stepping up to the challenge ."
tr	PAST	Had the very institutions that should have protected her -- family and church -- in the end destroyed her ?
tr	PAST	Poseidon reclined on the stones and folded his arms behind his head .
tr	PAST	""" I messed up . """
tr	PAST	His heart skipped a beat when Lucas turned his gaze to the dune above , toward the bottle rocket sticks pointing down toward the wreck .
tr	PAST	My eyes sought out the darkened corners , the places he could be sleeping ... only there were none .
tr	PRES	Yaris snuck out of the palace all the time , usually to set little fires in the courtyard .
tr	PAST	Much against her inclination , she sought an income by fancy millinery work which she made for the women in the neighborhood .
tr	PAST	Glen dove forward and gathered Doris in his arms .
tr	PAST	A warm breeze rustled the pages of the book she had let fall onto the patio floor beneath her .
tr	PRES	the stranger said , leaning forward , his hands resting on the desk .
tr	PRES	Uncle Drac loves his bats ; he 'd do anything for them .
tr	PAST	But they either roamed free or got dead before I got any recollection of em .
tr	PRES	A deadlock binds the case as if it holds something valued enough to be sealed away .
tr	PRES	Sean felt the wildcat in him wanting to come out , his claws sprout on his fingers .
tr	PRES	Most nights , he passes out on the couch .
tr	PAST	On duty troops saluted as she passed .
tr	PAST	Walking a straight line proved to be impossible .
tr	PRES	Mum loves beautiful things .
tr	PRES	Says the woman , first looking at Ella , then at me .
tr	PRES	Sean glances at me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PAST	"Then , you abandoned that army without leadership or control outside the most populated city in the whole of the Final Empire . """
tr	PRES	""" Come on , Fitch ."
tr	PAST	One corner of his mouth curved higher .
tr	PRES	... awakened with a couple of red spots on the side of her neck when she was dating him .
tr	PRES	""" Launch imminent ... ."
tr	PRES	It pays to be a Commissioner .
tr	PRES	He gently lays me back against my pillow and I open my eyes , looking up at him , admiring just how incredibly beautiful he really is .
tr	PAST	""" You secured our business arraignment with the Liberians , Warren ."
tr	PRES	A round pillar pushes up behind us , a bed made of pearl , soft and brilliant , the exact location where our lives will change forever .
tr	PAST	Tess limped over to her sister and put her free arm around her .
tr	PRES	""" Ha ha . """
tr	PRES	""" And since you seemed surprised to learn that I do wear a nightshirt , I assume you don 't wear anything to bed . """
tr	PAST	But my hand froze on the zipper .
tr	PAST	They eyed him but didn 't stop .
tr	PAST	I tipped it back , giving him greater access .
tr	PAST	I yawned hugely as I wearily followed her .
tr	PRES	The compact Frenchman quietly set about disposing of the late Boyd Duncan 's mortal remains .
tr	PAST	Jade eyes smoked over .
tr	PAST	Aiden clasped Solos ' hand as we met him .
tr	PRES	""" May I fetch you something to drink ? """
tr	PRES	I lean against the counter , feeling like I can 't hold myself up anymore .
tr	PAST	As I ran down the hallway , I nearly barreled headfirst into Hera .
tr	PRES	He holds up a finger and continues counting to himself , finishing by scratching another number next to the last paragraph .
tr	PAST	I sensed something had changed between us ; the air felt thick and heavy .
tr	PRES	She stops inches from me , reaches for the neck of my shirt , grabbing the fabric .
tr	PRES	My head pops up .
tr	PRES	The door slides open .
tr	PRES	""" And that really pisses me off . """
tr	PRES	""" Oh please , save your lies . """
tr	PAST	""" Guilty as charged . """
tr	PRES	""" You miserable hobbit !"
tr	PRES	""" Don 't look at me like that or we 'll never get out of here , "" Sierra begged him ."
tr	PRES	"A global research project that spanned decades if not longer , one involving human trafficking and experimentation . """
tr	PAST	I dove and trapped it on the ground .
tr	PAST	The algae green waters churned around me , bubbles blocking my view .
tr	PRES	A creepy smile eases onto her face as she tosses her hair so she can stare him straight in the eye .
tr	PRES	""" You love me , "" she whispers , her voice wavering ."
tr	PAST	Immediately the aroma of roasted meat assaulted his senses and his stomach growled .
tr	PAST	Please don 't see me , please don 't see me , she willed .
tr	PRES	""" In the meantime I have a different concern for you to check on , "" Angelo states ."
tr	PAST	"Got a problem with that , Ensign ? """
tr	PRES	""" What brings you here ?"
tr	PAST	Then blackness swirled in , carrying me away .
tr	PRES	"It just causes problems . """
tr	PAST	Alec 's eyes flicked toward Jace ; it was minute , but Sebastian caught the glance , and grinned .
tr	PRES	The man 's mind stank of a vampire influence .
tr	PRES	' Not mistrust then ? '
tr	PAST	The pair 's mouths awaited words as they stepped into what appeared to be the living area .
tr	PRES	Charlie 's hand begins squeezing the life out of mine , so I return my attention to the reading .
tr	PRES	The creases between his eyebrows deepen .
tr	PAST	Michael zipped up his jacket up .
tr	PAST	He rotated his wrist and gave a nod to the heavens that it felt better than it had in a week .
tr	PRES	Marcus opens one of the doors .
tr	PAST	Alec eyed me as he spoke .
tr	PRES	""" Got it , Tony ."
tr	PAST	Ava lingered behind us , and I didn 't blame her .
tr	PRES	Within the black water swam silver shapes that twisted the mind into taffy .
tr	PAST	She clutched his shoulders , digging her nails into solid muscle as she struggled with the invasion .
tr	PAST	Lauren 's head bobbed forward , her chin resting against her chest at an unnatural angle .
tr	PRES	""" Sir Ralph ? """
tr	PAST	Sara hollered from the other side of the room .
tr	PAST	""" It 's alright , "" Zelda comforts , sitting next to him and attempting to calm him down ."
tr	PAST	She gritted her teeth .
tr	PAST	The emotional devastation of the two failures proved she couldn 't endure this process indefinitely .
tr	PAST	He rode towards the radio station on the ancient three-speed bike he resurrected from the garage .
tr	PRES	""" You don 't get to know about my personal life , "" I snap at him ."
tr	PAST	The pool stick went down with such force , it smashed through the felt surface .
tr	PAST	Lissa exhaled a long breath and turned to face him .
tr	PRES	""" You OK ? """
tr	PRES	"He talks more sense than you do recently . """
tr	PRES	Now Charming begged for him to do it again .
tr	PAST	It nearly froze his finger but it did not burn .
tr	PAST	+ + + + + + + + + + Darryl Hicks ' scraggly beard would be a perfectly suitable home for a family of wrens .
tr	PRES	Only Nadia pays no attention , still muttering her spell , gaze fixed on Lord Loss .
tr	PRES	""" Something , "" Amelia mumbled ."
tr	PAST	I blamed my husband for it , for making my entire existence revolve around my art .
tr	PAST	Roach crawled back through the cubicles to the fire escape .
tr	PAST	As he lay in bed that night reviewing the day , Gene experienced a satisfying smugness .
tr	PRES	""" That fudge seems to work ."
tr	PRES	I shout back over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	Water begins to drip slowly into the bottom of the trough .
tr	PRES	""" You 've done quite enough , "" Cute Boots snaps ."
tr	PAST	Unless , the Duke of Banbury denied all accusations .
tr	PAST	I smacked into a tree and hit the ground on my hands and knees .
tr	PRES	"She hosts a Grandmaster . """
tr	PAST	Or something repulsive ... Keller gritted her teeth and stared at various blackboards with dry and burning eyes .
tr	PAST	His eyes remained flat and blind , his fangs still extended .
tr	PRES	She loves me and I know that , even if she has a hard time expressing her feelings .
tr	PAST	The loud roar of the water transformed into the soothing ebb and flow of ocean waves .
tr	PRES	""" Worry about your child , cry for him , shout out your frustration ."
tr	PRES	""" Everybody loves that story ."
tr	PAST	He thanked Lydia for the coffee and picked up a cookie .
tr	PRES	""" Damn , T-Rex , he really hates your ancestors . """
tr	PRES	""" Alfred , ' GD ' stands for Genetic Development . """
tr	PAST	When we finally found seats , I practically collapsed into mine .
tr	PRES	""" They 're looking for you , "" Sue mumbled through a bloody mouth ."
tr	PAST	When she finally recognized it , her heart seized as her blood ran cold , and she backed away from the tree .
tr	PRES	I wash the dishes and the return .
tr	PAST	He presses me into the curve of his body .
tr	PRES	' And Kaspar ? '
tr	PAST	She clasped her hands together as the justice announced the couple .
tr	PRES	Amazing , really , all this water underground when it never rained at all .
tr	PAST	He grunted in reply .
tr	PAST	But Jackson was being slapped with a reality that she had been living with for nearly two years .
tr	PAST	Anyone else whilst I 'm at it ? '
tr	PAST	The motorcycle screeched , swerving under the attack .
tr	PAST	The sphere rotated , and the docking port slowly came into view .
tr	PAST	He would be sleeping by the door in case a situation arose .
tr	PAST	Lara froze , and for a moment she felt her heart stop .
tr	PAST	I dismissed the thoughts of Marcus and continued with my run .
tr	PAST	Cassandra thanked her , then went back to work while Kat left her alone .
tr	PAST	""" Stan Turner ... how did I ever get hooked up with you ? """
tr	PAST	""" But I 'm fine , "" Lisa urged , putting her hand on my arm ."
tr	PRES	She wishes to make herself independent .
tr	PRES	Chapter Seven Love Me Tender Marshall speeds down the stairs , still patting cologne on his neck .
tr	PAST	""" Don 't you think it 's time that we wore the glasses normally so we can see people 's true natures "" Natalie proposed ."
tr	PRES	Elizabeth begins to contort her body in odd ways as she struggles to get back to her feet .
tr	PAST	The man 's eyes flicked around him as he walked , careful , wary and alert .
tr	PRES	""" Blackmail , we assume ."
tr	PRES	Zeke and Damien exchange glares .
tr	PAST	Then she slowly extended the point toward the vampire 's throat .
tr	PAST	They reflected the headlights from the truck .
tr	PRES	""" Gee whizz pal , thanks a bunch ."
tr	PRES	""" No more than other plays on your last name ."
tr	PRES	"But for me - "" "" A nightmare ? """
tr	PAST	He marveled that his stomach no longer hurt , not even a little .
tr	PRES	The darkness wraps it 's arms and legs around us like a demented whore .
tr	PRES	' No tomato . '
tr	PRES	you know her don 't you Katherine ?
tr	PAST	An image of her in a cotton nightshirt with a silky red thong underneath blazed to life .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm not done with you yet , "" he murmurs , just as I am about to drift off to sleep ."
tr	PRES	Dr. Warren purses her lips and puts her elbows on her desk , leaning forward .
tr	PAST	Something in Gabriel 's eyes fractured .
tr	PRES	""" Spencer Hastings ? """
tr	PRES	""" Well , I assume she was your sister ."
tr	PAST	Charlotte eyed her reflection with both longing and trepidation .
tr	PAST	A closer look revealed great burns and jagged holes , enough to show what sunk the once grand ship .
tr	PAST	She skipped out of him and surfed her way back to the stage .
tr	PAST	The hatred he had for God diminished , replaced with hope .
tr	PAST	"Jim exclaimed , "" They 're bringing it back to us ! """
tr	PRES	The thought of alcohol passes through my brain , but I don 't want to be drunk .
tr	PRES	""" As long as his actions are good , then he deserves to live . """
tr	PAST	She still lied on the ground where she had fallen .
tr	PAST	Then slowly , she floated back down to earth , her lungs trying desperately to get enough air but nothing was enough .
tr	PRES	""" And I thought you guys just carry machetes around to look tough , "" he tries to make a joke ."
tr	PRES	""" Well , you better , you bimbo ."
tr	PAST	"He announced , "" John is going to be assigned to the Adventurous , Bradley to the Tenacious and Megan to the Suspicious ! """
tr	PRES	""" Jealous wench . """
tr	PAST	Linking her arm with his , Elizabeth tugged him toward the staircase .
tr	PAST	When he smirked , I faked interest in my computer and clicked on a browser .
tr	PAST	Gabe 's mother never ceased to amaze him .
tr	PRES	""" What the fuck ? """
tr	PRES	My arm reaches out and I watch my hand pull the sleeve of his shirt and he turns to face me one more time .
tr	PAST	""" Who appointed you her guardian ? """
tr	PAST	' I knew you 'd get it , ' giggled Daisy .
tr	PRES	She sighs tiredly as she slumps back in the seat .
tr	PRES	Slap , slap , slap .
tr	PAST	Ji Hu actually slapped him on the back and congratulated him after the last concert .
tr	PRES	Found courage where none existed .
tr	PAST	His mind chattered frantically .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm late , "" Betsy shrieked , stomping over to her ."
tr	PRES	Five almost allows himself a laugh .
tr	PAST	"Then Jack carved this . """
tr	PAST	Johnson clutched the form in his hand .
tr	PRES	I wipe my wet boots on the rug in front of the door and then stand in the center of the narrow room between their beds .
tr	PAST	He attempted an angelic expression that only strengthened my suspicion that he had no intention of actually following through .
tr	PRES	""" Age is just a number , "" Jess bit her lip , smiling ."
tr	PRES	""" Me threatening to call the cops on you . """
tr	PAST	""" Most gracious of you , as usual ."
tr	PRES	That explains more than a few things .
tr	PRES	""" Len likes you . """
tr	PAST	Bryn exhaled her agreement .
tr	PRES	"Warm beds await us there , for at least tomorrow night . """
tr	PRES	This stands to reason , given that she works as a freelance makeup artist , mostly doing weddings and the like .
tr	PAST	They exited the tent the same route they did the previous day .
tr	PAST	I inched closer to his body , my anger rising .
tr	PAST	Once inside , the man spouted off a few more sentences in Spanish .
tr	PAST	When his gaze slid to Carol , his eyes sobered before he smiled .
tr	PAST	His tongue caressed her lightly , just a taste .
tr	PAST	A face emerged within the vegetation , an older , bearded face , with short tusks curling up from his jaw .
tr	PAST	He bent to suck one of my nipples into his mouth , his fangs grazing along my tender skin as his tongue swirled and pulled .
tr	PAST	Al five of us quietly circled the barn , hoping that if there was someone around that we couldn 't see , that Savannah might .
tr	PRES	Finally Pam stops walking and looks at him .
tr	PAST	Though the thought to dabble on the side just to relieve his stress had crossed his mind , he never acted on it .
tr	PAST	Before 2pm the salon 's mirror reflected shining hair that looked to be waving by design rather than accident .
tr	PAST	""" It will , "" I defended ."
tr	PRES	The bike with the sidecar blocks the main entrance to the hospital .
tr	PRES	' ... then they will know that I am the Lord , when I take vengeance on them . '
tr	PRES	The whole stream of insanity bouncing around inside of me almost spills out .
tr	PRES	""" She uses language your Majesty might prefer not to hear . """
tr	PRES	""" Kat , "" Daemon snapped , impatient ."
tr	PAST	He cleaned up the kitchen afterward , too .
tr	PAST	That spurred me to action .
tr	PRES	""" My mom hates it there ."
tr	PRES	He offers me another tight smile , then looks away and starts toward the parking lot at the side of the building .
tr	PAST	She grunted with effort .
tr	PRES	Maybe he ' l relax a bit .
tr	PRES	""" Well then this belongs to you . """
tr	PAST	I hopped off the tailgate and , clipboard in hand , jogged toward the deputies .
tr	PAST	The internet buzzed over speculation about exactly who Mac was and why he never revealed his identity .
tr	PAST	""" I received word today that the all state cheer competition will take place in Tacoma this year ."
tr	PAST	Offering the Freaks free food in the form of helpless females and brats served no purpose .
tr	PRES	And then swagger off to burn us all to cinders ?
tr	PRES	For a second , the whole room shudders , contracts and expands like a heartbeat .
tr	PAST	Sometimes Peter doubted she was Caitlin 's daughter .
tr	PRES	""" The international conference begins in a few hours and we need our coordinated ambush in place before dark ."
tr	PAST	And when he tugged the petals in both hands ... care to guess ?
tr	PAST	In a blink of an eye , Carson was in front of me , his expression pinched with concern .
tr	PAST	To the dozens of scars that crisscrossed his tanned flesh .
tr	PAST	His eyes roamed my face .
tr	PAST	Fear coiled in the pit of my stomach and I wanted to vomit .
tr	PAST	He flung the chain at Lynette , hoping to catch her off guard .
tr	PRES	""" Everything ok ? """
tr	PAST	During World War II he served in the Naval Medical Corps .
tr	PRES	My father embraces her .
tr	PRES	""" Dammit , "" Liam mutters ."
tr	PRES	""" People snap . """
tr	PRES	""" Which brings us back to the secret of the cards , where we get totally lost !"
tr	PAST	But every moment we delayed , Fade got farther away ... and the danger of his situation increased .
tr	PAST	A hot air balloon floated serenely through the clouds .
tr	PRES	"Both ways he loses . """
tr	PAST	"They slowed down but didn 't stop . """
tr	PRES	""" Well , I du n no Carl , that 's not what I heard . """
tr	PAST	His eyes betrayed no emotion and his mouth bore the marks of tension .
tr	PRES	""" Ellery Prep sells boxers ."
tr	PAST	They steadied me carefully before bobbing their heads with gentle smiles .
tr	PRES	Every hair on my body stands up , and I lift my hand from her knee and thread my fingers with hers so she 'll stop .
tr	PRES	""" What hypothesis ? """
tr	PAST	""" I am throwing them out , "" Cassie lied ."
tr	PRES	I lean into him , hungry for him .
tr	PRES	But she only uses it for emergencies .
tr	PAST	Other workers hauled in ice and a barrel of sawdust .
tr	PAST	Even though he killed vampires every day , he cringed away from the idea of killing his own flesh and blood .
tr	PAST	Ezio submitted himself to the tailor 's ministrations and chose a discreet dark grey velvet for the doublet , with matching hose in wool .
tr	PAST	He scoffed , wheeling around on her .
tr	PAST	Destiny inhaled deeply , thankful to be alone .
tr	PRES	A tiny smile touches his lips ; lightness floats in his gaze .
tr	PRES	""" Show me your face , "" Xander 's voice booms through the room ."
tr	PAST	The animal balked , reluctant to leave the courtyard and the comfort of the stables .
tr	PRES	"For the Legion . """
tr	PRES	She begins speaking , attempting to keep her anger under control .
tr	PAST	She prayed he wouldn 't need long .
tr	PRES	Kit reaches into her lab coat and shows me a square green patch .
tr	PAST	With an effort , Gaius regained command of his temper and regarded the tiny female with a mocking smile .
tr	PRES	""" By eight points ."
tr	PRES	I fel , landing on the wet cement of the al ey .
tr	PAST	A gust of cold air caressed her face luring her inside for a more thorough helping .
tr	PRES	They use it to pay projects and I am sure it helps pays the salary of the very young and very old .
tr	PRES	Then he lies back on the bed and closes his eyes .
tr	PAST	She wagged her finger at me .
tr	PAST	Antonia sensed her mother 's change in mood before she noticed the tensing of her shoulders .
tr	PAST	His ears buzzed , and some noxious smell filled his head .
tr	PRES	We teach the steps to the District 13 guests .
tr	PAST	The ocean churned below , dark and murky , waiting to swallow them if the barrier gave way .
tr	PAST	""" Thanks , "" he mumbled , somewhat embarrassed ."
tr	PAST	She crouched beside him and pointed to the molars .
tr	PAST	I taxied my plane to the hangar and cut the engine .
tr	PAST	What bothered him was the look on her face as she 'd turned to go .
tr	PRES	A wind rises up to swirl around the cavern .
tr	PAST	Rain hammered the grass into submission , collected in brown puddles at the slightest indentation in the ground .
tr	PAST	More times than I could remember the long line of prisoners snaked its way back up the stairs and I was locked back in my cell .
tr	PAST	Images of the bachelor auction floated through my mind .
tr	PAST	I collapsed on my face with a cry .
tr	PRES	""" Keep thy peace , "" I mutter as I jerk my covers over my head , replaying Tanner 's words ."
tr	PRES	Elis holds the creature back with both his arms and turns his head in my direction .
tr	PAST	He inhaled and she could swear he looked sincere , even respectful .
tr	PAST	""" So you projected yourself as a savior by painting an entirely different picture ."
tr	PRES	""" She sure favors her mama , thank the Lord , but anyone with half a brain could look at her and see your eyes . """
tr	PAST	"It cost a fortune , so it 's the least she could do . """
tr	PAST	She persisted in marrying my brother so Tristen gave in .
tr	PAST	She treated me in the kitchen , for better access to boiling water .
tr	PAST	Amelie lingered , a trace of a frown on her face .
tr	PAST	Please let Devon be alive , Julian prayed silently .
tr	PAST	Angelina stifled a giggle .
tr	PAST	He eyed the house , then her , the wheels of his logical brain almost visibly turning .
tr	PRES	I scramble over , desperate to reach it before anyone else can get to it .
tr	PAST	I described the United States ' noble mission to right a third world country 's woes .
tr	PAST	"T is better if you leave her unclothed , "" Maddie advised . "" '"
tr	PAST	""" How about sunset ? """
tr	PAST	So he plunged ahead .
tr	PAST	Then Morgan crouched down , until she was eye level to his enormous crotch .
tr	PAST	He treated her like a little sister and never once did he make a pass at her .
tr	PAST	He sniffed with indignation .
tr	PRES	That brings us to the next part .
tr	PRES	Heat creeps up my cheeks .
tr	PAST	My head buzzed louder when I closed my eyes , propping myself against him .
tr	PAST	I trusted my father .
tr	PRES	He chuckles and puts the papers next to him .
tr	PRES	I hesitate to hug him .
tr	PAST	Wren pretended to be really interested in an oversize wineglass .
tr	PAST	They regarded each other across the room , two fiercely indomitable wills clashing in silence .
tr	PAST	I hopped off of the bed .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm sorry , lass ."
tr	PAST	I had inched over to the staircase and was just about to step down on the first step when another light came on below .
tr	PAST	The male 's expression faltered a bit , a crease pressing into the center of his brow .
tr	PAST	he exclaimed through both mouths at the same time .
tr	PAST	The Judge dumped that case on me , but I got rid of it .
tr	PAST	""" Thanks , "" I mumbled , climbing into the Jeep ."
tr	PRES	""" Enjoy , Sidney , and have a good time in Chicago ."
tr	PRES	My head snaps up and my eyes meet his .
tr	PAST	She reflected on a thought that she 'd had earlier but had forgotten to ask Terry .
tr	PRES	Crewe dives for my ankles and takes me down the same way he did in the thick , larch forest outside of Miles .
tr	PAST	I reel back , steady myself on the wall .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Mason .
tr	PRES	He holds me so tight that I feel like I 'm the only thing standing between him and Minna and his need to take revenge on her .
tr	PRES	Plutarch stands over a wide , flat panel in the center of the table .
tr	PAST	And depending on how badly her sister annoyed her , she doubted she 'd get through this conversation without a cigarette .
tr	PAST	""" Until someone wagged a big paycheck in front of him , no doubt . """
tr	PAST	"We 'll see , "" I lied ."
tr	PAST	Lauren scrolled through the Internet looking for something that even remotely appealed to her and fit her budget .
tr	PRES	But I and the proponents of the Movement disagree with this idea of Christ as the only Son of God .
tr	PAST	She mirrored his expression .
tr	PAST	""" Earlier this year , I received more threats ."
tr	PRES	This place holds memories that stab at me every time I step foot inside it .
tr	PRES	The Prince fell to his knees , his whole body suddenly numb .
tr	PAST	Mitch relayed the details of Samantha Elliot 's family life as if it were a soap opera .
tr	PRES	Hope shone on her face .
tr	PRES	"This explains the cycles . """
tr	PRES	""" He loves me ."
tr	PRES	A hot spotlight shone directly on his head , contributing to his headache .
tr	PRES	She tries to turn too soon , and the ladder smacks into Fernando 's shoulder .
tr	PAST	Of course Lucas dreamed about her , too .
tr	PAST	Layla awoke before Brian .
tr	PAST	He preferred it that way .
tr	PRES	""" Suzy , it kills me that I 've caused two such good people so much pain ."
tr	PAST	He projected a system map with graphical orbits of stations around the planets .
tr	PRES	Sean Kendrick opens the door .
tr	PAST	He eyed Olive 's state uneasily .
tr	PRES	He stretches his arms wide .
tr	PAST	They screeched and hollered at one another , tearing around the tree trunks that served as their jungle gym .
tr	PAST	The glowing eyes vanished from sight once they descended the wall but the bearded hunter sensed the monsters were merely behind unseen rocks and were closing in .
tr	PRES	Her tangles of red hair shone brightly in the moonlight and her dress clung tight to her body , swelling in all the right places .
tr	PAST	A lone man reclined upon a soft , decadent bed .
tr	PRES	It offers intriguing possibilities .
tr	PAST	Apparently , the current fashion dictated a single splash of a different color to provide contrast .
tr	PRES	A smile that has no joy stretches my lips .
tr	PAST	I stripped out of my clothes and left them piled on the bathroom floor .
tr	PAST	He pinched the bridge of his nose .
tr	PAST	She thanked the Aspects she 'd never been consumed by the fantasy of a marriage wrought from true love .
tr	PRES	""" What about Viola ? """
tr	PAST	He stuffed the letter into his doublet and made off .
tr	PRES	Tam digs through a black backpack but finds nothing but binders and a textbook , so she moves on to the next one .
tr	PRES	"For one thing , it allows you to know what 's really important . """
tr	PRES	I mumbled another incoherent word of thanks and fled the room as quickly as I could .
tr	PAST	He sensed the hunger in his wolves , but no alarm .
tr	PAST	I tensed slowly as I had no idea what to do next .
tr	PAST	She then thanked Mel for his assistance and cooperation and then returned to their cruiser with Aurelius .
tr	PRES	Always compare to the placebo .
tr	PRES	The door lets out a whine as I open it .
tr	PAST	Bond produced his battered Ronson and handed it over .
tr	PAST	A laugh rumbled from his gut .
tr	PAST	""" It 's not us I 'm worried about forgetting the plan Thatch , "" Cobble countered eyeing the grizzly growling creatures that surrounded them ."
tr	PRES	""" Cheerleading , "" states Suzy matter-of-factly ."
tr	PRES	I bat my eyelashes innocently .
tr	PAST	The phone rustled again , and the line went dead .
tr	PAST	Not that he blamed her .
tr	PAST	But as I 'm entering the final turn , a colt named Winning Waves sneaks up on the inside .
tr	PAST	Bax hooked his thumbs in his gun belt .
tr	PRES	And I snap my mouth shut .
tr	PRES	"You obviously disagree . """
tr	PRES	""" Are ye sure ? """
tr	PRES	Dham whispers it like a prayer .
tr	PAST	A glittering tiara topped Morgan 's head , and a triumphant smile curved her crimson lips .
tr	PRES	And the dollar amounts involved .
tr	PAST	She regarded him in the half light .
tr	PRES	"Totally ruined the surprise . """
tr	PAST	Marcello proposed once I was settled in their white guest room with arched windows framed by light-blue plantation shutters .
tr	PAST	""" Oh , yes , and knitting classes , too . """
tr	PAST	She clutched a sheet to her chest .
tr	PAST	The soft sounds of the saxophone rendition of If I Ain 't Got You by Eric Darius filled the car .
tr	PAST	Side tables bore vases of flowers , and a Bach cello sonata rang softly through the air .
tr	PRES	The fact that she got away and I have no way of finding her again consumes me .
tr	PRES	And a woolen sports jacket ?
tr	PRES	Serena disappears below the water , resurfacing down the stream .
tr	PAST	He cocked his head to the side .
tr	PRES	Two dogs bark as I run close to a chained link fence .
tr	PRES	On screen , Five 's character launches a grenade .
tr	PRES	""" What kind of business proposition ? """
tr	PAST	Out of nowhere a spear of electricity pierced the flames surrounding the house and hit her in the chest .
tr	PAST	No , not lied to me .
tr	PAST	A mischievous smile tickled her lips .
tr	PAST	She reversed the footage and clicked through more slowly , frame by frame .
tr	PAST	He closed his eyes , remaining silent , his time split and chewed as it was digested into solitary experience .
tr	PRES	An officer with two rows of golden badges on his chest , towers over the group .
tr	PAST	Now , as he moved through the house , he flicked on the lights .
tr	PRES	Then she wraps her arms around me and lays the side of her face against my chest .
tr	PAST	Five minutes later , Leslie 's secretary buzzed her .
tr	PAST	My mind still grasping , fumbling .
tr	PRES	""" Every time I think it 's possible to get past what happened , I discover it 's not . """
tr	PRES	He holds my hand through the entire film .
tr	PAST	Zoey motioned with her eyes .
tr	PAST	He unfolded it and saw the blurred picture of the vigilante , the target who had been eluding them for so long now .
tr	PAST	"It 'll give you nightmares , "" he advised ."
tr	PRES	Zip , nada , zilch , zero .
tr	PAST	The audience exploded into cheers .
tr	PAST	That line of thinking supported the current plan .
tr	PRES	""" Let 's go , "" Lu whispers to him , her eyes still locked on me ."
tr	PAST	Suddenly a smile tugged at his lips , then a hysterical laugh bubbled up from his chest .
tr	PAST	She danced back from his fingertips and smiled teasingly , while her heart tried to pound its way out of her chest .
tr	PAST	Within minutes the officers cuffed the combatants and whisked them away , leaving a store full of wide-eyed shoppers in their wake .
tr	PRES	Everything about me remembers everything about you .
tr	PAST	I marveled at how new everything felt .
tr	PRES	""" Then help him like you 're helping these people , "" I begged ."
tr	PAST	The windows glowed yellow , and she could see the vague shapes of people inside .
tr	PRES	His fingers wove into her hair , holding her close , gripping her tightly .
tr	PRES	He sighs , leaning back into the closet to put the hanger back on the bar .
tr	PRES	Everything from diaper changes at the Steins ' house , to a very embarrassing conversation about lady business with William .
tr	PAST	But speaking of senses , something acrid and musty penetrated my awareness .
tr	PAST	Zac grunted at him .
tr	PRES	Trevor shone the flashlight beam onto the table with the purple tablecloth .
tr	PRES	"All his classmates . """
tr	PAST	Bullets scored the concrete at my feet .
tr	PAST	I trusted Mr. Stone but now I had papers with his signature on them .
tr	PRES	""" Constance hath illness and thee provided some teas for thy aches and pain ."
tr	PAST	His eyes flicked to the clock on the coffee maker and then to the front door .
tr	PRES	He rises to his feet , tall and brittle .
tr	PRES	Then his eyes chilled .
tr	PRES	He wears a black hooded sweatshirt with the hood up , gray cotton sweat pants , and white running shoes that are dirty and worn .
tr	PAST	Sometimes the brats scrawled stupid messages on it , often about Stalker or me .
tr	PAST	Morgan abruptly unleashed another volley of telekinetic energy .
tr	PAST	He presses his hand to his chest .
tr	PRES	Jack sees them and shoves himself further into the crowd to escape .
tr	PRES	""" Please , "" he begged ."
tr	PRES	He flips my hand and presses a kiss against my palm , but he offers nothing else .
tr	PAST	"Alaric identified them : "" The planes directly above are local aircraft ."
tr	PRES	Becoming more thoughtful , her forehead relaxes .
tr	PRES	""" Beg pardon . """
tr	PRES	Similar vibrations attract each other .
tr	PRES	Before we eat , she cracks opens the fleshy gray-green leaf , careful to avoid its serrated edges and small white teeth .
tr	PRES	"It always pays to follow the money . """
tr	PRES	""" He gets a hundred grand , "" Jared mumbled ."
tr	PRES	""" This isn 't a spaceship , "" I grumble ."
tr	PRES	Isaac stands above him without a scratch .
tr	PRES	Sincerely , Mr. Nice Guy I shuddered and felt clammy all over .
tr	PRES	""" You better , Blaze ."
tr	PRES	Max opens her door for her and they head inside the church .
tr	PRES	Mom stops cleaning and peers at me as if she 's trying to read my mind and simultaneously tell my fortune .
tr	PRES	He pulled away , his smile fading as he cupped my cheek .
tr	PRES	The ownership of something pushes the link to be stronger , and you can 't own too much of a vast area or it weakens the crest .
tr	PRES	Grinder likes his house swept before anything else is done .
tr	PAST	Mari 's horse grunted a protest at her rough movements .
tr	PRES	"She deserves that . """
tr	PRES	He loves his brothers .
tr	PAST	The dog then plopped down on the floor right next to him .
tr	PRES	Elena glances up and sees me , then sees Reece .
tr	PRES	Then I lean forward , lapping at the champagne infused juice .
tr	PAST	We trudged to the exit , where we stepped over Ahmed 's body , slipping in his blood .
tr	PRES	At least , not verbally .
tr	PAST	She pitched her phone back in her purse .
tr	PRES	But he loves to hold that over me .
tr	PAST	She beamed a smile back , bowed to say thank you for helping her up , and fought the urge to tear off both their suits .
tr	PRES	Suddenly my confusion clears and I yank my arm from Abe , backing up .
tr	PAST	She clasped it in her hands and held it to her heart .
tr	PRES	He glances at my face , and after frowning his perpetual frown , he turns away .
tr	PRES	Completely , utterly numb .
tr	PAST	He organized photos of everything Lily , late into the nights .
tr	PRES	He snorts as I set the phone and gun down on the kitchen counter .
tr	PRES	""" So , destroying your brain and internal organs with alcohol , releases your creative ability ? """
tr	PRES	"Then an image comes to mind , I exclaim "" That 's it , watercress , it tastes like watercress , quite hot , but nice "" ."
tr	PRES	He holds a glass with amber liquid in it .
tr	PAST	They limped toward it , pushing people out of their way .
tr	PAST	Taylor emerged from the office with a grumpy look on his face and headed down the hall into the common room without saying a word .
tr	PAST	Warden derived small gratification from those things , though .
tr	PRES	""" Oh , yeah , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PAST	I have never uttered a wrong word to a prison official .
tr	PRES	"The earth once more breathes hope . """
tr	PAST	Anger and rage swirled inside Riley .
tr	PRES	""" She likes Lewis . """
tr	PAST	She froze and her gaze shifted from me to Cage and back .
tr	PRES	The blue ornament with baby Jesus on the front .
tr	PRES	When she was walking with that cheat .
tr	PRES	"In hopes that one of our variations would make us proud someday , "" Raoul explains ."
tr	PAST	They also collected infra-red , x-ray radiation and so on .
tr	PAST	A calm stole over her , one sweetly peaceful .
tr	PRES	The powerful , intoxicating blood that had first addicted him .
tr	PAST	"he exclaimed into the intercom , "" Jump , count to three and pull the D-ring ! """
tr	PRES	""" What emergency ? """
tr	PAST	""" Both copies , "" Sam stated ."
tr	PAST	She bounced up the library steps to the study room , hoping that Dr. Turner would know what the Lycan gene was .
tr	PRES	""" Ah , lass , you drive me mad . "" "" '"
tr	PAST	""" Oh shit , "" Gold exhaled ."
tr	PRES	Grey sweatpants with a mustard stain down the front of them .
tr	PRES	I drag it over my sweaty neck and chest , then up my arms as well .
tr	PAST	She approved the purchase order and then ran a report showing everything that had been entered into the system for the past thirty days .
tr	PRES	The ship lurches a few times , and then it feels like we are free of the roof .
tr	PRES	Sudden nausea rises in my stomach .
tr	PRES	""" And Ashton ? """
tr	PAST	""" The window exploded . """
tr	PRES	""" One twelve , "" I correct ."
tr	PAST	I received a collective of much appreciated nods .
tr	PAST	""" Shit , "" Rachel exclaimed ."
tr	PAST	"Jim exclaimed , "" I resemble that ! """
tr	PAST	""" You hacked it ? """
tr	PAST	""" She slapped you ? """
tr	PAST	"And when I sought more , sought to be better , you punished for it ! """
tr	PRES	""" It 's about time , "" I mumbled to the empty room ."
tr	PRES	Every doctor loses a patient once in a while , right ?
tr	PRES	I punch Eddie again and again , but he 's picking me up off my feet and running me backwards .
tr	PAST	Grabbing the reins , she urged him forward so that they galloped downstream .
tr	PAST	""" No , "" I gritted out , not ready to play the doting and loving husband to her just yet ."
tr	PAST	Then , from a heap of monkeys , a figure barreled towards Holland .
tr	PAST	When she looked up , Wave and I quickly floated back to our chairs .
tr	PRES	The door to her father 's quarters slides into the wall silently and Aria strides into the room carrying a tray with food heaped upon it .
tr	PAST	""" I 've never aspired to be one of those , chubby self absorbed pencil pushers ."
tr	PAST	Like a switch had been thrown , the fire circling us ceased to exist .
tr	PRES	""" But how , Maggie ?"
tr	PRES	Around us , other people paired off : Morrow with Tegan , Tully and Spence , and a couple of men too .
tr	PRES	The one you 've been letting me borrow .
tr	PAST	He shuffled , letting her see what was before him .
tr	PAST	I upended the jug of juice .
tr	PAST	I phrased it as a question but didn 't really mean it that way .
tr	PRES	He holds my gaze .
tr	PRES	"Why involve us in the first place with her ? """
tr	PRES	"several peasants around the area often steals and poach from my father ... . . """
tr	PRES	The Saint Petersburg Enclave to this day holds a massive annual chess tournament ; the competitor who loses the most matches is named the Council delegate .
tr	PAST	A tapestry of vibrant autumn painted around them over the gently curving land which reaches out , crawling toward the Appalachian Mountains southeast in Kentucky .
tr	PAST	A wave of relief washed over me .
tr	PRES	And now her niece and nephew .
tr	PAST	Rising to her feet , she circled the table and settled her hands on his shoulders , covered by his brocade robe .
tr	PRES	"Later , after I 'd dried my eyes and composed myself , I confronted him . """
tr	PRES	""" I du n no LT , but it was moving quickly . """
tr	PAST	Aunt Mercy sniffed again .
tr	PRES	""" Nothing , "" I hiss back ."
tr	PRES	His father clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Brand reflected briefly on his friend and prayed he would honor his memory .
tr	PRES	""" I assume from your reaction that you believe these photos are authentic ? """
tr	PAST	Mr. Fuego announced that the winning project will be revealed after recess time .
tr	PAST	Gresham stomped past the girls and tossed two large cloth bags to them , each containing a long list of provisions .
tr	PAST	She tugged on his towel and the next moment nothing stood between them .
tr	PAST	Monk clutched the boy , a single tear running down his cheek .
tr	PAST	""" Go to the last entry , Alex , then we 're turning this off and watching a movie , "" Rick instructed ."
tr	PRES	"That woman deserves to be on this case , she - "" "" Jack isn 't going to hurt her . """
tr	PRES	""" I stink . """
tr	PRES	I race to get it .
tr	PAST	As I did so , I sensed someone behind me and paused and turned .
tr	PAST	That night when I fell asleep , I dreamed of Shelby 's face in my window and Jack 's eyes in the woods .
tr	PAST	""" We must not further upset her until after the baby , "" Rose claimed ."
tr	PRES	""" Kate ... "" Katherine hesitated , apparently looking for the right words ."
tr	PAST	I puzzled on that for a second .
tr	PAST	""" Oh , "" she mumbled , dropping his gaze ."
tr	PAST	Denis regarded me coolly .
tr	PAST	All sorts of colors swirled through his eyes .
tr	PRES	""" I don 't think she likes that , "" I warn them ."
tr	PAST	The second time you smashed a window .
tr	PAST	She reread it , especially the mysterious part about reconciliation .
tr	PRES	"Mairi mumbled , "" Because I think I might have found the man I 'm meant to live happily ever after with . """
tr	PRES	Faye digs inside the pocket of her coat and hands the key over , before stomping away .
tr	PRES	He strokes the back of my head with his hand while gazing into my eyes .
tr	PRES	""" And this , Doctor ?"
tr	PRES	"It just pisses me off to know that he doesn 't trust us after all we 've been through . """
tr	PAST	She feared that their mission in La Salle was ending .
tr	PAST	Aria exclaimed , laughing out loud .
tr	PAST	Jason whirled , sword ready , baffled by the perfect echo .
tr	PAST	Her quickened breathing slowed , and her rapid heartbeat began to seek out the pace of his , mirroring the slow , steady rhythm .
tr	PRES	The stallion stands , sniffing the cloth then smells the blue berries .
tr	PRES	Our earlier unpleasant encounter flashes before me .
tr	PRES	Chest stands up and smiles .
tr	PRES	""" How about I pass , sis ?"
tr	PRES	""" You didn 't embarrass me , sweetie ."
tr	PRES	He chuckles under his breath then lies down on the bed beside me on his back .
tr	PAST	Most of all , he sensed her fear .
tr	PAST	Virginia delegates at the meetings described the effort that their state had made in keeping the chaos restricted to the north bank of the Potomac River .
tr	PRES	""" Thanks detective . """
tr	PAST	He 's staring at me , his lips curved into a smile .
tr	PRES	Orcs bound them . '
tr	PAST	After only a moment , the other creature waddled up beside Cuddles , took hold of Cliff 's left leg , and began to rotate its teeth .
tr	PRES	Once he has a leg on each side of me , he uses his free hand to reach around and tug his shirt off .
tr	PRES	He reaches a little farther .
tr	PAST	The snow exploded out and showered mucky slush all over the streets and buildings .
tr	PAST	With a flourish and a swirl of his knee-length lilac kaftan , Ferrero exited my office .
tr	PRES	""" A funeral sleigh holds a dead body . """
tr	PAST	""" I volunteered for years ."
tr	PRES	For the first time , something other than terror , shone from him .
tr	PAST	My lungs jolted into motion , and at last I sucked in a breath .
tr	PRES	As she blew , the fire whipped and struck out at them .
tr	PAST	I destroyed someone 's life , destroyed it .
tr	PRES	""" Cherry pie ! """
tr	PRES	Studying it carefully , Link sees that it strongly resembles him , as if he were looking into an altered mirror .
tr	PRES	""" Because I don 't recall any complaints at the time . """
tr	PRES	""" I don 't think I can sleep anymore tonight , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	He chuckles , probably at my factual tone .
tr	PAST	Though he had no intention of passing under any streetlights , he adjusted the hood a second time .
tr	PAST	Tipping her head to the side , Meredith looked at him , puzzled .
tr	PRES	Running Deer states with a great deal of concern .
tr	PAST	It slowed briefly , and then sped away .
tr	PRES	' I plays guitar and write songs , mostly for myself nowadays .
tr	PRES	"So I smack my hand on my forehead and say , "" Oh , I forgot ."
tr	PRES	"Scarlett put her hand on me , "" We need to keep control . """
tr	PAST	"Veronica exclaimed , "" You have to do something ."
tr	PRES	Blythe holds my COMM device while I slide it on and we proceed from the room together .
tr	PRES	She coughed , her eyelids fluttering as if she were being pulled under again , barely hanging onto consciousness .
tr	PAST	Megan fiddled with the hem on her dress .
tr	PRES	he taps his index fingers together once and waits for me to answer .
tr	PAST	I plopped down face first onto his bed and let go .
tr	PRES	He hooks his finger under my chin and forces me to look at him .
tr	PRES	""" Let that be a lesson fer ya , "" the little man teased , then rolled over and laughed some more ."
tr	PRES	Cricket Bell remembers everything .
tr	PAST	"If you want to die and do it quickly , then by all means , "" Winkler flung out a hand ."
tr	PAST	The Toad lazily eyed the horizon .
tr	PRES	""" You can read it if you want , "" Allyson offers ."
tr	PRES	""" I got ta do something or I 'll lose what 's left of my mind , "" he snaps ."
tr	PRES	The first Christmas she wouldn 't be there to open presents with me and Grandma Frost .
tr	PAST	Reed 's mouth curved slightly .
tr	PRES	He drew me back , his mouth forceful as it overtook mine .
tr	PRES	""" I 'll find someplace else to sleep tonight , "" Logan offers ."
tr	PRES	She also proceeds to tell me that two girls knocked on his door when they were all eating dinner .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm cooking tomorrow night , "" Mom announced when I got home Thursday ."
tr	PRES	Demetri actually likes learning .
tr	PRES	My breath hitches in my throat as he begins to thrust into me , and I feel a single tear roll down the side of my face .
tr	PAST	Dr. Salter 's eyes bore into mine .
tr	PRES	He laughs and I run the scissors over his sideburns , my fingers grazing his cheek .
tr	PRES	""" You 're spoiled , "" he teased ."
tr	PAST	""" Her fingerprints matched other fingerprints on file that they were trying to identify from the previous murders . """
tr	PRES	""" May I assume this is our next load into space in thirty hours ? """
tr	PRES	""" Basic assembly begins with the bacteria ."
tr	PRES	""" I don 't know how we got out of there , "" Gage whispers into my neck ."
tr	PAST	Another moment passed as Maynard regarded the proffered help then , at last , the men clasped wrists .
tr	PAST	"Then with a resounding "" Oh my God "" she plunged once again into the freezing water ."
tr	PRES	He breathes me in and then closes the space between us .
tr	PRES	""" Hang on , sweetie . """
tr	PRES	""" She aids her chosen , "" Navi explains , fearless in the face of a god ."
tr	PRES	He falls over me and bellows a hiss that threatens to blow out my eardrums .
tr	PRES	My sister holds me up .
tr	PRES	""" My pleasure as well , sweetheart ."
tr	PAST	Salt dusted his hair and was scattered across the stained carpet .
tr	PAST	"Your silly pride cost you this war . """
tr	PAST	' You 'll find a sealed piece of parchment pinned to the page , Baron , ' I advised him .
tr	PAST	The panel truck bounced and over the rough ground making it difficult to look for the flags .
tr	PRES	Everyone loves a winner .
tr	PAST	Her face glowed at the word .
tr	PRES	Sprinkles speeds in , and runs a series of wild laps , barking the entire time to keep us apprised of his exact location .
tr	PRES	Grigio grits his teeth .
tr	PRES	""" She tries to vary the place each time so that her brother can 't track her cell phone ."
tr	PRES	A sliver of light shone through the blackness of the day .
tr	PRES	""" He likes me . """
tr	PRES	Sighing again , she reaches around and grabs the seat belt .
tr	PRES	"He misses his sister . """
tr	PAST	When she forced her muscles to relax , the pus retreated .
tr	PRES	""" Stop , "" Viktor whispered , clenching his head ."
tr	PAST	They conducted a silent battle , gazes clashing .
tr	PRES	He reaches for his wallet and hands the driver fifty dollars and tells him to keep the change .
tr	PRES	Everything fades to black .
tr	PAST	Margaret 's phone then buzzed in her hand .
tr	PRES	""" You are girly , all soft and mushy inside , "" he teased ."
tr	PRES	My vision shrinks to a single point : those eyes .
tr	PAST	Two players dove for it and finally one of the outfielders got his hands on it and threw it to second base .
tr	PAST	I propped myself up on an elbow and reached out a hesitant hand to touch him .
tr	PRES	"Everyone always hates the fifth wheel . """
tr	PAST	She prepped the slide , and Doug fired up the lamp .
tr	PAST	""" I can totally see , "" Sakura uttered in amazement , blinking a couple of times ."
tr	PAST	Father endured my ill-tempered diatribe with a calm grace that irritated me all the more .
tr	PAST	""" I don 't need to think about it , "" Brian countered ."
tr	PAST	Lily cocked an eyebrow .
tr	PAST	he grunted , scrutinising the clues through bloodshot eyes .
tr	PRES	Without taking his eyes off me , he begins to pull back out , all the way to his tip , before sliding in again .
tr	PAST	Faye opted for the bold approach first .
tr	PAST	Then she slapped on some conditioner , nearly spraying him in the face when she went into rinse mode again .
tr	PRES	While she 'll read anything that isn 't nailed down , she considers herself a YA reader and writer at heart .
tr	PRES	"We brick her up inside . """
tr	PAST	Doctors risked their lives more than people realized .
tr	PAST	Most of them , of course , bore in mind the fact that I had been dumped by the most famous playboy in the grade .
tr	PRES	She fed sensuously , her body undulating against his , her buttocks pressing against him , the friction an enticement , a temptation .
tr	PAST	Until , one day , just around the corner , confrontation , violence , intimidation , possibly even death awaited us .
tr	PAST	""" No , I 'll manage , "" she said , but her skin was reddened , her face pinched ."
tr	PRES	""" Stupid idiot . """
tr	PAST	She tipped her chin toward the parlor .
tr	PRES	' Black Sabbath , Lamb of God , Judas Priest ... Wow , I 'd never have had you down as a heavy metal man . '
tr	PAST	Taking a quick glance at her reflection in the Thunderbird 's shiny bumper , she pinched her cheeks and puffed her ' fro .
tr	PAST	Becca slowed the car and turned , and they lurched back and forth across several deep potholes .
tr	PAST	Reaching over the sink , he whipped open the medicine cabinet and grabbed a nearly spent tube of toothpaste .
tr	PRES	""" Sorry , "" Miguel whispers when we reach a high enough branch ."
tr	PRES	Wading through the mucky , green water , he quickly climbs the vines and finds a small chest resting at the top .
tr	PAST	Rolling her beneath him , he gifted her with a devilish smile .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , my other medication , and some juice to wash it down . """
tr	PAST	Carefully laying the clothes inside a garment bag , she zipped them in securely , feeling as though they needed the protection .
tr	PAST	An angry scowl disfigured its dark face .
tr	PRES	Vel comments now and then .
tr	PAST	Gene worriedly pondered out loud .
tr	PAST	When I 'd awoken , I wept for a child I didn 't know .
tr	PRES	"A beat of silence stretches between us and then he asks , "" I know you said you 're estranged from your sisters ."
tr	PAST	In her head , everything rotated .
tr	PRES	I du n no , maybe you 're even a little jealous at all the action I get .
tr	PRES	Lights twinkle in the dark , but they are not stars .
tr	PRES	"Otherwise , our conversation remains a secret . """
tr	PAST	Edward pretended not to notice .
tr	PAST	""" Close your eyes , "" he instructed again , probably at a normal volume , but it was hushed for me ."
tr	PRES	""" On average , eighteen feet ."
tr	PAST	Perhaps Eddy sensed this , for he asked , ' You 've never got on , have you ? '
tr	PRES	He opens it up and props it on the desk in front of him .
tr	PRES	It belongs to the whole nation .
tr	PRES	""" And why would you connect to such a thing ?"
tr	PAST	We handled the last crisis we could handle this one too .
tr	PAST	She slapped him full across the face .
tr	PRES	""" No one deserves that ."
tr	PRES	""" Bloody paps , "" he forcefully mutters ."
tr	PRES	His smile widened , eyes gleaming .
tr	PRES	Michael uses the hesitation to his advantage , rolling him into a headlock and forcing the submission .
tr	PRES	"The boy wishes to speak with me . """
tr	PAST	The two lieutenants lounged on crates while I addressed them .
tr	PRES	Magic , a voice inside me whispers .
tr	PRES	I quickly cycle through his resume , though I know it by heart .
tr	PRES	""" Poison , "" Tavi mumbled ."
tr	PAST	""" I 'm not sure , "" she hedged , and then decided she should be honest with her friends ."
tr	PRES	My heart stops beating .
tr	PRES	He misses a step .
tr	PRES	""" She likes the gardens ."
tr	PAST	He raised his hand again , the dagger still clutched there , before slashing another wound on his chest , a direct crisscross .
tr	PAST	Willa shrieked , Florence gasped , and I spun , looking around .
tr	PAST	He mirrored her movements , using techniques he 'd no doubt gleaned from the last management seminar he 'd attended .
tr	PRES	""" Because I find you fascinating ."
tr	PAST	She giggled over something another woman in her vicinity said , her tinny laugh piercing Mark 's ear .
tr	PAST	""" Don 't forget his protective streak , his deep sense of duty , "" Father Hummer countered with a small smile ."
tr	PAST	Caleb saluted and left Jeffery to observation deck with his thoughts .
tr	PRES	Black shapes entered through the window , swooped toward the bed and lighted on Effie 's outstretched arms .
tr	PAST	Ashe flapped around to see who 'd spoken .
tr	PAST	A zombie advanced on him and like an idiot , he tripped backward and fell .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm glad Max isn 't here , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	But that mattered not .
tr	PAST	I inched forward toward the nightstand , where a picture stood .
tr	PAST	He lied to me .
tr	PRES	And how much wrap ?
tr	PRES	He sighs and runs his hand over his head .
tr	PRES	You sell the stamps , you give me the money , you lick the stamps and put them on the letters !
tr	PAST	I inhaled slowly to calm the acid that was making its way up into my throat .
tr	PAST	He unscrewed the cap , his eyes working up and down my body before they returned to my face .
tr	PAST	"Max scooted his chair over to give me some more room and leaned over to whisper , "" I 'm glad you guys showed up ."
tr	PAST	I abandoned any chance of anonymity and sprinted .
tr	PAST	West cocked himself sideways in the driver 's seat and eyed her again .
tr	PAST	Pet twirled about in a buttercream , cotton-blend dress with capped sleeves and a flapped collar .
tr	PAST	And he preferred to avoid that , given the situation , at least for now .
tr	PRES	""" Only a jerk uses kids for his own personal gain . """
tr	PAST	He eyed her for a moment .
tr	PAST	Barks Bjorn , spinning on Hagar .
tr	PAST	Grains of golden pollen dusted the stone tiles below .
tr	PAST	She knew it , sensed it .
tr	PRES	I lean in and take a closer look .
tr	PRES	He throws Confusion 's dust into my eyes And then with dirty rags and open wounds He clothes me in Destruction 's red disguise .
tr	PAST	Dan , Matt , and Renee buzzed with excitement as the bus got on the road again .
tr	PRES	He points a finger at his chest , and she nods as she walks away .
tr	PAST	Liam extended his hand across the desk , standing up .
tr	PAST	His desk served as a workstation and dining table .
tr	PRES	Emma attempts to turn , to view her attacker -- however ; she is unable to do so .
tr	PRES	I lean back , flat on the rock , looking up at the deep azure sky .
tr	PRES	He holds no emotion in his voice , just more acceptance which makes me feel even worse .
tr	PRES	""" Did this place belong to your parents ? """
tr	PAST	I braved a glance toward his face and saw worry etched across his features .
tr	PRES	""" Is Elijah here , hiding ? """
tr	PAST	He hopped out of his seat as soon as I stopped , waved , and disappeared into the crowds .
tr	PRES	""" Dumb chick drama . """
tr	PAST	I motioned to Will .
tr	PRES	""" Lighten up , sweetheart ."
tr	PRES	"More than likely , it belongs to our missing woman . """
tr	PRES	He hears a knock and walks to the door .
tr	PAST	She shuffled and stumbled instead of running .
tr	PRES	A shiver passes up his spine as the scene on the screen changes , growing until it encircles and encompasses everything and the theatre vanishes .
tr	PAST	She inhaled deeply against his heated skin when he bared her neck to graze his teeth across her skin .
tr	PRES	"I , um ... "" He trailed off , casting about as if someone might step in and save him ."
tr	PRES	Then she holds out her hand , offering it to the prince .
tr	PRES	"Hot breath tickles my ear , and he whispers , "" You 're so damn beautiful it hurts . """
tr	PAST	He munched down a handful of chips .
tr	PAST	Still , he cringed at her next words .
tr	PRES	Colton purses his lips and shakes his head .
tr	PRES	The police officer in Todd shone through .
tr	PAST	Meanwhile , Annie washed the counter , cleaned the tables and put out silverware .
tr	PAST	"Her voice wavered as she continued , "" I 'm sorry , Father ."
tr	PAST	She organized them to maximize the extra hands , needing them so badly .
tr	PRES	Visions of blood and insanity vanish , leaving me staring at Ivy 's eager eyes .
tr	PRES	""" And they 're Beth 's family , "" I snap ."
tr	PRES	"She loves tracking down stuff when I ask her . """
tr	PRES	i 's not right , ' it mumbled .
tr	PAST	Drake regarded Gregor for a moment .
tr	PRES	"I just mumbled , "" The road to hell was paved with good intentions . """
tr	PAST	""" Here we are , "" Jimmy announced , putting the truck in park ."
tr	PAST	Kyle transferred the infrared scans to the reflector lens in front of the driver .
tr	PAST	""" Yeah , I lied ."
tr	PRES	So instead , he read , the lights of a cool dozen oil lanterns steadily lighting the words in front of him .
tr	PAST	""" Oh , I love your car , "" she exclaimed as Jo popped the trunk ."
tr	PRES	He frowns and squats on the reddish colored rock , touching the black dust , soft .
tr	PAST	Pain exploded through her .
tr	PAST	The polished surface reflected his poignant image as vivid as a mirror .
tr	PAST	I slowed my pace until Robert and Dad were almost out of sight along the forest path ; then I stopped .
tr	PRES	""" Kane , where is she safe and sound ?"
tr	PAST	He treated her with respect .
tr	PRES	Thick black smoke bellows up into the beautiful sky .
tr	PRES	""" And you , pal ."
tr	PRES	""" Will , you 're being a snob , "" she whispers ."
tr	PRES	"And the reason why we must make sure you are strong and able to harness the Source lies beyond this mirror . """
tr	PRES	He lets go of me and slams the bathroom door .
tr	PRES	The idea of breaking into Mr. Mercer 's office freaked her out .
tr	PAST	They emerged onto the ward and she turned to him urgently .
tr	PAST	These words served only to heighten her resolve , and she tightened her grip on the handle of her case .
tr	PAST	Reginald squinted into the blinding light in front of him .
tr	PAST	Coach 's voice boomed from the other side of the closed doors .
tr	PRES	""" Not a friggin clue . """
tr	PRES	The driver stops the vehicle and turns off the headlights .
tr	PRES	""" The name lies at the very core of personal identity . """
tr	PRES	""" he sheds this bodily existence , and his consciousness merges with the supreme consciousness . """
tr	PAST	He soaked his fingers in a bowl of soft soap , and rubbed them together as it dawned on him how pleasant the gooey mess felt .
tr	PRES	"He loves Whittier House . """
tr	PRES	As I listen , I detect a definite pecking order and some very unpleasant talk .
tr	PRES	""" Good point , "" he mutters ."
tr	PRES	""" They don 't look like any friends of mine , "" Gage snorts from his position across the aisle ."
tr	PRES	""" Yes ' r ."
tr	PAST	Jessie 's mouth curved into an impish grin .
tr	PRES	"An opportunity falls right in your lap to justify what you 've wanted since you 've taken power . """
tr	PAST	Close ups of the windows revealed the contents of each room .
tr	PAST	As she stepped even closer , his body tensed with sudden arousal .
tr	PRES	The driver 's door opens .
tr	PRES	With her free hand she reaches over to grasp the hilt of the blade .
tr	PRES	His face was solemn , his steel eyes watery .
tr	PRES	Wow , sounds tempting , but no .
tr	PAST	""" I know , "" He yawned , touched the side of my cheek with his warm , slender fingers ."
tr	PRES	He considers work a disease .
tr	PAST	Mom tugged on Monty 's arm .
tr	PAST	She froze , Gary with her , and whirled around .
tr	PRES	""" They treating you right ? """
tr	PAST	she urged him as she pulled his shirt over his head .
tr	PRES	Tad ticks his head down towards Logan sitting in the orange beat-up mustang .
tr	PRES	"Evil wears many hats . """
tr	PAST	Mike retreated to the bench behind her .
tr	PAST	Nomi thanked Esmeralda for the lovely rest of the evening and the breakfast they just had together .
tr	PAST	Everything shrank and became cylindrical .
tr	PAST	His bloodshot eyes roamed to where the bottle lay on its side on the coffee table .
tr	PRES	""" This fits with what I was saying earlier ."
tr	PRES	""" The Admiral will inaugurate the fifth town in a month , "" announces Adam ."
tr	PAST	""" From the moment I awoke until now , I have dreamed of revenge ."
tr	PRES	He glances around at the secluded section of garden , his eyes missing nothing .
tr	PRES	""" Samantha ... "" Twisting toward her , I wanted her to understand where I was coming from ."
tr	PAST	A chorus of mech wolf howls accompanied the tribute .
tr	PRES	He reclaimed my mouth and my tongue darted between his lips .
tr	PRES	""" It stands up adequately ."
tr	PAST	Miranda stated for the fifteenth time in a row to Joan .
tr	PAST	She runs her lips over my chest , completely engulfed in the freedom the fantasy affords .
tr	PAST	A cocktail of emotions befuddled Amy 's mind as she tried to ascertain the situation .
tr	PAST	Elspeth 's dark eyes brightened at the hint of a secret .
tr	PAST	We toasted with our raised vessels while kissing each other , and then we carefully sipped the drinks .
tr	PAST	She prayed the ghostly being away .
tr	PRES	""" Letters , contracts , lists ."
tr	PRES	""" I believe Zoey said for you to stay , "" Elijah the head butting Giant said smiling down at him ."
tr	PRES	""" College football . """
tr	PRES	My heart stops as it snakes around and plummets to the floor around me .
tr	PAST	""" Damn it all , "" she sobbed ."
tr	PAST	Glass lampposts sprouted up between the hedges bordering the path .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth .
tr	PRES	He loves you , but he rolled over on you as soon as the cops questioned him .
tr	PAST	You predicted this would happen .
tr	PAST	She withdrew , always a thin , cold pane of glass between us .
tr	PAST	Catcher grunted his agreement .
tr	PRES	He sighs , standing .
tr	PAST	The hairs on my neck stiffened .
tr	PRES	""" The fuck you talking about ? """
tr	PAST	Dear god I want him to touch me .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head .
tr	PAST	Al conversation quieted as she once again held everyone 's attention .
tr	PAST	""" I wrote out my letter of resignation , "" he announced ."
tr	PAST	I sobbed until my vision blurred .
tr	PRES	"For many that have lived on the land , or that currently reside there , they proudly confess , "" I am a Guyanese ! """
tr	PRES	"Neil cupped his hands over his mouth and shouted , "" I have our water and our lunch in my pack , you idiot ! """
tr	PRES	""" The whole country , "" my mother corrects her ."
tr	PAST	After a few minutes , the nausea subsided and she decided to get out of bed .
tr	PAST	Garret charged into the room , running straight for Mary Ellen .
tr	PRES	My body fills in in the mirror , and I see my face for the first time in over seven months .
tr	PRES	"We , too , value art and culture and wish to propose a collection exchange . """
tr	PAST	A final problem tugged her with worries about long-term happiness .
tr	PRES	She stares at Luthor 's immobilized form .
tr	PAST	Her recap sobered him .
tr	PAST	She stiffened , but Blake didn 't let her go .
tr	PRES	A strap under the thick denim holds a gun that he insisted was necessary .
tr	PRES	She hisses at me like I 'm crazy .
tr	PRES	Chloe points to me .
tr	PAST	His titanium glasses reflected the overhead light with a sharp flash .
tr	PRES	The wind begins to blow hard as clouds overshadow the courtyard .
tr	PRES	He gestures toward the door next to the computer monitors and closes his door .
tr	PAST	""" I 've got this , "" Chase cheered as he charged onto a red light ."
tr	PRES	When she closed for lunch , she snuck the toy box out of the office and locked it in her BOW .
tr	PAST	I urged my horse forward , through the growling pack of hounds .
tr	PRES	""" Man , you stink . """
tr	PRES	He tuned in to the sports talk zone , which was filled with basketball playoff and baseball season discussions .
tr	PAST	Smiling , I scooted over and patted the bed .
tr	PRES	"Well , that helps for something . """
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth and then closes it .
tr	PAST	""" Yeah , "" Pink eyed him ."
tr	PRES	Everything disappears and I 'm left with only emptiness .
tr	PAST	He motioned up the stairs .
tr	PAST	I chugged it down , though it tasted funny from sitting stagnant all night .
tr	PAST	He accused me ( rather unfairly I thought ) of trying to kill him off .
tr	PRES	Then something occurs to him , and he looks around the side of the house in the direction where Maury continues to chop wood .
tr	PRES	""" Because ... "" Mage paused , resignation settling on her face ."
tr	PRES	Alone upon the wall , With axe , throws assailant in the moat , he who removed the flag .
tr	PAST	Her teeth chattered , with cold or fear or both .
tr	PAST	He eyed her warily .
tr	PRES	He complies , claws resting on his legs .
tr	PAST	They glided past a small general store and gas station , a post office , and a handful of gray , weathered cottages .
tr	PRES	CHAPTER ONE The Winter Court The Iron King stood before me , magnificent in his beauty , silver hair whipping about like an unruly waterfall .
tr	PRES	""" Exactly , "" he snaps ."
tr	PAST	""" I used to watch some of the high rollers back home and they would lay some healthy tips on those serving trays , "" stated Paul ."
tr	PRES	""" A necklace . """
tr	PAST	""" And he stole her away in the night , after the barbecue , didn 't he ? """
tr	PRES	"Goodness remains , so long as you believe . """
tr	PAST	I eyed her outfit again , wondering what motivation got you out of bed and into full dress and makeup on your day off .
tr	PRES	""" It 's fine , "" I mutter , because I know she won 't go on until I say this ."
tr	PAST	His smooth , thick tip dipped in , then suddenly withdrew .
tr	PRES	""" Baby , "" he whispers ."
tr	PRES	He pushes me into the garden and slams the door .
tr	PAST	An airplane rumbled softly overhead .
tr	PRES	He bangs his fist on his leg in frustration .
tr	PRES	Joseph Brodie always fills a room like royalty .
tr	PRES	Split knuckles on either hand .
tr	PRES	""" You probably could have done a better job , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PRES	I relax in the warmth of the sun .
tr	PRES	"She loves this job and she 's totally committed to winning and this is a tough race ... "" I trail off ."
tr	PRES	""" Is there anything you want to tell me , Rand ? """
tr	PAST	He thanked Theresa and said he had to go , that he 'd talk to her later .
tr	PRES	He slipped his hand beneath the thin strap of her top , his finger deliberately grazing her skin .
tr	PRES	""" Six points ! """
tr	PAST	Taro sensed her regret and hoped the designer bag would cheer her up .
tr	PAST	""" You can 't go out mere , "" he rasped ."
tr	PAST	Without blinking , keeping his gaze upon the giant beast , he uttered a short spell to the breeze .
tr	PAST	All week , until this morning , it churned with activity .
tr	PAST	Charles shrieked , stepping out from behind Radcliffe when the farmer made asif to break the poor animal 's neck .
tr	PRES	""" Very wise of them ."
tr	PAST	""" I 'm sorry I couldn 't be what you wanted me to be , "" I sobbed and hugged the letter to my chest ."
tr	PAST	When the sun rose over the horizon the next morning Riley awoke , though she did not move .
tr	PRES	""" Landon deserves to be captain , not me ."
tr	PAST	Jax 's hand clasped around mine tightly .
tr	PAST	She trusted that Gwendolen might confide in her during their journey to England , so that she could prepare her for any disappointment .
tr	PAST	It swirled as if carried on the wind .
tr	PAST	In place of actually beaming , he again sought the grass for some serious mental help .
tr	PRES	Their eyes bleed , lifeless corpses of flesh , so desperate for hunger that they 'll sometimes feed off themselves .
tr	PRES	Flipping through the book , he giggles .
tr	PRES	He eases us into the pasture and we land with a gentle thump .
tr	PAST	That obviously bothered Colin , though Rina couldn 't imagine why .
tr	PRES	""" Just divine ! """
tr	PAST	As she did so Sheena stiffened and looked at Jocelyn .
tr	PRES	Last of all , he ruined both of the maces .
tr	PRES	Once we arrive , Vel snaps a manual lock onto my door .
tr	PAST	He stares at her almost hypnotized , watching her walk across the lab towards him .
tr	PRES	Lisa loves her as a sister .
tr	PRES	He lets out a high-pitched laugh .
tr	PAST	Often its grimaces achieved a horrible resemblance to people whom Ransom had known and loved in our own world .
tr	PAST	I clasped his cheeks and kissed him again , sliding my tongue inside his hot , waiting mouth , but it didn 't last long .
tr	PRES	' Because you are the One , Stanley .
tr	PAST	""" I messed that up ."
tr	PAST	Delores scooted her chair closer to me and glared at the backside of a guy who bumped her .
tr	PRES	Those gray clouds , blotting out the sun , temperamental and sullen .
tr	PAST	""" Put those on , "" Caden instructed in a whisper ."
tr	PAST	Colt advised him to finish the job .
tr	PRES	""" No clue , but I 'm glad they are now . """
tr	PRES	Jack opens another beer and tops it off with lemon lime soda .
tr	PRES	Selma mumbled thanks and sipped .
tr	PAST	Over the summer , it served as a storage unit .
tr	PAST	The healing provided only momentary relief , and I slowed as my stomach turned over in protest .
tr	PRES	Danny stands like a hydrant and looks over his list .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm so sorry , "" he whispers , before kissing me ."
tr	PRES	Rebel flicks his ear , regarding my comment with disdain .
tr	PRES	She mutters under her breath .
tr	PRES	He glances over at me for a sec , but then pul s the crown off and starts twirling it on a finger .
tr	PAST	He leaped from the roof to the walkway and quietly scuttled along until he was able to peer over the edge and into the courtyard below .
tr	PAST	He pursued for each step she retreated .
tr	PAST	And he blamed it all on James Wright .
tr	PAST	No more lapses , he zoned his attention on Daniel Baker .
tr	PAST	He doubted anyone would bring a check .
tr	PAST	We couldn 't risk his being too close in case the Lycans sensed his energy .
tr	PAST	"I 'll make sure to keep her off your back , "" he reassured Taylor ."
tr	PRES	"Please , I need to do something , it is unbearable , "" Lance begs ."
tr	PRES	Emma begins to eat .
tr	PRES	' Well done , ' she beamed in admiration . '
tr	PRES	And fuck all of them backstage who wanted him to be sorry .
tr	PRES	I lean my head back against the seat , Abe 's hand slowly caressing my skin .
tr	PAST	A spark of mischief glowed in Dan 's heart , feeble as he was .
tr	PAST	A thrill washed over her -- this had to be the human defender , Ayden Green !
tr	PAST	' My concern is for the people of the Holy Land , ' Altair countered .
tr	PAST	I roamed around calling for help but there was no reply .
tr	PRES	Now , Twister 's a big , heavy rascal , an ' when he hits the end of your line , he snaps it like a cobweb .
tr	PAST	It motioned to my chair with a skeletal hand .
tr	PRES	She begins tapping her long pink nails on the marble counter .
tr	PRES	My words spill before I can catch them back .
tr	PRES	That decision still stands .
tr	PAST	""" You dreamed about this ? """
tr	PRES	She sat frozen , her mouth agape .
tr	PAST	Slowly , they steered their suits towards the bigger ship .
tr	PRES	I hiss , clawing at the hand he 's holding over my throat .
tr	PAST	""" I 'll be okay , "" she reassured , her thumb brushing soothingly over his palm ."
tr	PAST	He adjusted his tie .
tr	PRES	Her smooth , high cheekbones shone with artfully applied blusher .
tr	PRES	However , I urge you to reconsider seeking the Fate .
tr	PAST	Fire sprouted from her hands .
tr	PAST	"Pausing , I add , "" Wow ."
tr	PAST	He never faltered in his duty .
tr	PRES	Justine begins to cry as the final embers disappear into the evening light .
tr	PRES	""" Let me think ... um ... no . """
tr	PAST	She clutched a staff with a glowing , blue jewel in its pommel .
tr	PRES	""" I love you Nana , "" I mumbled under my breath ."
tr	PRES	Several moments later , he returns .
tr	PAST	""" I have come courting , "" he announced , devilishly sharing the conversation with Destiny ."
tr	PAST	However he often engaged in this pastime elsewhere .
tr	PRES	He brings it in on a tray with a cup of coffee and various condiments .
tr	PAST	The tragedy resulted in three deaths and Sunny was issued a life-long ban upon leaving the country .
tr	PRES	""" He misses Hazel . """
tr	PAST	I should have slapped him .
tr	PRES	Pain deepening anguish deepening agony deepening pain until there was no pain at all .
tr	PRES	Her eyes snap over to Olivia 's mom .
tr	PAST	Confused , he sensed that something was wrong , terribly wrong .
tr	PAST	He rinsed the dishes and set them in the dishwasher .
tr	PAST	Feingold grunted as though Sir had poked him in the ribs with a rigid finger .
tr	PRES	Miranda ( age 25 ) enters tentatively .
tr	PRES	He grasps his cock and begins to stroke himself .
tr	PRES	""" Please , Rafe , please , "" she begged as he stepped back ."
tr	PAST	Now then , I plopped myself down on the corner of my bed , blowing out a gust of frustrated air as I considered my weekend plans .
tr	PRES	She purses her lips and taps the table with her fingernails .
tr	PAST	He marveled at Raj 's drastically altered voice , without a trace of his thick Indian accent .
tr	PAST	"Got a touch of arrested development happening there ? """
tr	PRES	""" We 'll be there , "" Jacqueline crowed triumphantly ."
tr	PRES	""" And she likes the idea of riding ."
tr	PRES	""" You 're very brave , "" he mumbled ."
tr	PRES	His mom collects stuff .
tr	PRES	""" Holy Jesus ! """
tr	PAST	Smoke crawled over the artificial clouds , and set off the fire alarms .
tr	PAST	Relief and a sense of security washed through Eden so strong that I felt it to my core and practically reacted from it .
tr	PRES	Confronted by a live , snapping dragon , he throws his daughter off his sled to sprawl in front of the beast .
tr	PRES	""" Safe journey . """
tr	PAST	Charlotte floated into work Monday morning , light on her feet and happier than she 'd been in ages .
tr	PAST	He slowed down enough for her to hear him .
tr	PAST	The shadow swung over him , enfolded him .
tr	PAST	The beaded silk garment shimmied down my body , catching on my hips .
tr	PAST	""" All the more reason to look again , "" Trip countered ."
tr	PRES	""" Figures , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PRES	She flashes a shy smile at compliments .
tr	PAST	""" Other shuttles are reporting in with similar results , "" Kit Fisto announced ."
tr	PAST	As I was making my way through the club to the door , arms circled my waist from behind .
tr	PAST	Faster and faster it sped toward the web .
tr	PRES	He flinches when he catches me out of the corner of his eye .
tr	PAST	"Then he pondered out loud , "" Buster you seem to be different from the others ."
tr	PRES	In the morning , we pile into the cars and head to the airstrip .
tr	PAST	Their voices bounced against the sounds already blasting from the six foot tall speakers .
tr	PAST	He grunted and looked back out over the land .
tr	PAST	In my chest , the bubble of hope shrank .
tr	PRES	I lean forward to continue our conversation just as the bell rings .
tr	PAST	I retreated a step .
tr	PAST	His fingers itched to brush the hair away and tuck it back behind her ear .
tr	PAST	Riley 's eyes lingered on a curved claw , resting near the woman 's shoulder .
tr	PRES	"Or are these trick mirrors ? """
tr	PAST	A glint of something metal reflected off one of their waists , partly concealed by his shirt .
tr	PAST	They destroyed with their words .
tr	PRES	I dreaded to think what kind of preparation they would undergo in Arielle 's hands .
tr	PAST	"The truth you claimed you desired to know . """
tr	PRES	""" Sending Marcie a text . """
tr	PAST	It certainly freed up more living space , that 's for sure . '
tr	PAST	The river settlements absorbed more and more Vikings .
tr	PAST	So I attempted to hide my face by lowering my red cap .
tr	PAST	Blake tipped the brim of the cap at Gail and then looked back at Chuck .
tr	PAST	She cocked her head to one side .
tr	PAST	The blade reflected the amber Guardian magic humming all around .
tr	PAST	She scooted her chair up next to Shotgun and took his arm .
tr	PRES	Before leaving , they steal the video recording of their entrance and the printout of their movement throughout the museum .
tr	PRES	""" As the Lady wishes . """
tr	PAST	""" There are no rules in war , "" countered Tiberius ."
tr	PRES	The Official wears an overly fake look of remorse .
tr	PAST	He sensed something was a little off in her ; she was a little restless .
tr	PRES	The white intensifies by threefold , gripping like a hand and pulling her kicking and screaming into the small box he holds .
tr	PRES	""" How about you Larry ? """
tr	PRES	The steam rises in the cab .
tr	PRES	She points at the ring of small love bites that circles my collarbone .
tr	PRES	Like with every trial we 've faced these last few months since the crisis , prayer helps a lot .
tr	PRES	To my Geek Girls who support me with nurturing encouragement in all my projects .
tr	PRES	He clears his throat .
tr	PAST	: : Seventeen : : There was only one caf , as such , in Glen Row .
tr	PAST	We blamed him for the knife attack and made sure everyone knew what he looked like .
tr	PAST	The outcome of the beauty contest was that within few days , I received huge number of proposals from my classmates and seniors , and from outsiders .
tr	PAST	""" Yes , "" Gunnar grunted ."
tr	PRES	Gorgeous hardwood floors shone to a bright polish , and it was all cheerfully decorated in yellow and gray .
tr	PAST	Avalon claimed Jericho had to come for my protection and all that , but I knew better .
tr	PRES	I spare you only that you may return to your Master and deliver a message : the Holy Land is lost to him and his .
tr	PRES	My mother lets a lazy grin linger as she gazes over at Tad like a lovesick teenager .
tr	PRES	The hologram changes into Pox , sitting inside the carriage seat .
tr	PAST	he asks , words muffled by his mouthful of toast .
tr	PAST	His perpetual scowl deepened .
tr	PAST	She eyed me suspiciously , but went under .
tr	PAST	Agnes exhaled her agreement .
tr	PAST	Smoke circled his head .
tr	PRES	Relief washes over me at his words .
tr	PAST	Digging my knees in , I powered off the ground and threw the spider .
tr	PAST	He attempted to forestall that line of thinking ; yet they were convinced from experience that sailors helped their own , competitors or not .
tr	PAST	Hiro gritted his teeth before looking at Soul .
tr	PAST	As always the heavy drapes prevented any sunlight from intruding into the interior .
tr	PAST	I collapsed backward , bringing Daemon along with me .
tr	PRES	Clary asked , her voice sounding small to her ears .
tr	PRES	""" My previous offer still stands . """
tr	PAST	The middle hexagon of the three bore the symbol that further classified the man .
tr	PAST	Theo instructed , though his voice had less authority than normal .
tr	PAST	"I think that 's it , "" Devin floated away on her back ."
tr	PRES	The skin splits with relative ease and I fashion two wraps , one for each of the two steaks .
tr	PRES	The very passions you shun exist precisely so that men like you cannot thwart the work of the Almighty .
tr	PAST	She wriggled off his lap and sat next to him .
tr	PAST	He wriggled in between Lavina and Cathy , zipped the tent shut and pulled the sleeping bag over them all .
tr	PAST	She and the man in the picture named Rolf Peterson were having coffee one afternoon .
tr	PRES	The man clears his throat .
tr	PAST	Shaking her head she just babbled the name .
tr	PAST	Ginette propped her arm on the steering wheel and peered at her in the dark car .
tr	PAST	Mercifully , sleep claimed him seconds after his head hit the pillow .
tr	PAST	Good Lord , he could have stuffed all his military gear in that sack .
tr	PAST	The lights dimmed and a hush fell over the audience .
tr	PRES	"Cooper stops rubbing his thumb on my hip , "" You 're fearless to me ."
tr	PRES	He breathes a breath of relief .
tr	PRES	His thumb draws circles on my back .
tr	PRES	""" What happened next remains a blur ."
tr	PAST	As she turned , her eyes sought mine , a look of horror in them .
tr	PAST	I preferred cloudy days , because sometimes sunny days made the photos look washed-out from overexposure in the light .
tr	PAST	Two large skylights revealed the morning sky , casting large swaths of light into the giant room .
tr	PRES	We arrive at the Mexican restaurant , Mariachi , and immediately feel comfortable in the place .
tr	PAST	With all the people on the look out he doubted that it was Garcia .
tr	PAST	""" Get in the chair , "" he instructed ."
tr	PRES	He stands there , uncertain .
tr	PAST	Knew it before the doctor came out , her tongue fumbling over how best to tell her .
tr	PRES	""" You OK ? """
tr	PRES	""" So I assume the foot rub is out ? """
tr	PRES	' No one just loses fingers like that ! '
tr	PAST	I flicked my wrist back , and the dart shot through the top of the thug 's skull .
tr	PAST	Shea glided across the room , not noticing how silent she was , how efficient her body had become , moving with grace and speed .
tr	PRES	""" Minister Drake ! """
tr	PRES	"My own special blend of apple punch . """
tr	PAST	Sliding her hand into his , she clasped tightly hold of it , surprised to note the slightly cooler feel of his skin .
tr	PAST	It served no purpose , except to jar him and note never to do it again .
tr	PRES	""" Holy fuck . """
tr	PRES	His voice slowly kills me inside , melting me .
tr	PRES	"I assume you still have not found her . """
tr	PRES	She reaches across the table , and lays her hand over mine .
tr	PRES	The coals in my stomach crackle with heat .
tr	PAST	Muted beams of light caressed his hand , illuminating a large sapphire ring on one of the fingers clutched around a glass of Scotch .
tr	PRES	"Call me Rachel , you idiot . """
tr	PAST	Weary walkers trudged the last few kilometres to their bus , longing for a hot bath or at least somewhere to sit .
tr	PRES	When I place a hand on his chest , he gently removes it .
tr	PAST	""" I trusted you . """
tr	PAST	I stormed past him and to the stairwell .
tr	PAST	My heart rate sped up while I considered what to do .
tr	PAST	He steered me toward the kitchen .
tr	PAST	Callista mopped her brow and struggled to her feet .
tr	PAST	"Nobody or nothing bothered us here . """
tr	PRES	"A love potion . """
tr	PRES	""" It was ... exquisite ."
tr	PAST	Vlad grunted in a way that made Kira think he and Bones weren 't close , but that was hardly her concern .
tr	PRES	Dad pushes the other security guard with the shaggy hair against the wall and forces his arms behind his back .
tr	PAST	She yawned lazily ; she didn 't want him to guess this speech was something she 'd carefully practiced before ever opening her eyes .
tr	PRES	Just blurt it out .
tr	PRES	""" I 'll start there , "" he mumbled and cranked the car engine ."
tr	PRES	With a frazzled glance at the little booth , he disappears through the door .
tr	PAST	""" You stole from us ! """
tr	PRES	""" I thought I was clear , Katie ."
tr	PAST	The officers thanked the shopkeeper and left the shop .
tr	PRES	""" At one of the galleries downtown ."
tr	PAST	Crawley nearly tipped the Sheriff off the bed with the force he imported on the frame .
tr	PAST	Sebastian preferred not to think about where she was going .
tr	PRES	""" Well Grandfather you are a special case , being the school 's ... "" "" Aaron ! """
tr	PAST	I elbowed my way over to Vee .
tr	PRES	""" But he likes you , too . """
tr	PAST	I attempted to swallow back the lump that had taken up residence in my throat , unable to control the hot tears that spilled from my eyes .
tr	PRES	Three , four and five yield similar results .
tr	PAST	A sound so fearsome the walls shook with it and the pool water sloshed up and over the rim in a wave .
tr	PRES	A marine guard , holds the car door open .
tr	PRES	""" I begged my father to let me do his filing ."
tr	PRES	""" Is Roku your counterpart ? """
tr	PRES	The flowers lifted around her , circling her , petals leading stems .
tr	PRES	I warn you , if she does not come back to her body voluntarily within four weeks , I will allow this body to die .
tr	PAST	Liz exited the car after Greg pulled into the driveway and opened the door for her .
tr	PRES	"Lawyer unhelpful "" he mutters , writing something on his pad ."
tr	PRES	Once again , the dim blue triangle fills his vision , and succumbing for only a moment , he quickly sets his mind back to the task .
tr	PRES	Reaching a thundering halt upon thon tree the capsule spills its contents of those within .
tr	PRES	""" What about Aeron ? """
tr	PRES	""" Before a butt kicking ? """
tr	PAST	Savannah exhaled , a breathy little laugh escaping .
tr	PRES	He mutters curses as he tries to pry the waffle free of the waffle iron with his fingers .
tr	PAST	Jake grunted as he sipped at his coffee .
tr	PAST	Celaena exclaimed , smiling .
tr	PAST	The trout leaped out of the water but it could not shake the hook .
tr	PRES	""" You might have been killed , you idiot !"
tr	PRES	""" It belongs to Harold J. Simpson , III ."
tr	PRES	Lillian paused , her fork in midair .
tr	PRES	As the night goes on , the porch fills up with more people , and , particularly , more women .
tr	PAST	Once the Gremlin was set off properly Jim and Jack hopped out , only having to do a miniscule jog to keep from losing their footing .
tr	PAST	Morgan , a girl I knew from my physics class , shuffled backwards as though I was a giant zit .
tr	PRES	Holly 's face falls a bit .
tr	PAST	She acted much the same way that first night , although I couldn 't be sure it was for the same reason .
tr	PAST	Just as he 'd never made fun of her foot , she never acted like he was stupid , good only for one thing .
tr	PRES	""" A resistance group ... . """
tr	PRES	His serious face brings the rest of us back to the matter at hand .
tr	PRES	Nurse Crowley removes a prefilled syringe from a large metal box and rips open a small alcohol pad .
tr	PRES	Warren holds up his hand .
tr	PAST	Because I may still be working on putting myself back together again , but I 'm doing it , one painful piece at a time .
tr	PRES	""" Special Agent Grady ? """
tr	PAST	Silk rustled , then tore , a high harsh rip ; the door slammed .
tr	PRES	She opens her mouth and lets out a scream that echoes around us and causes dogs to bark in the distance .
tr	PRES	He throws me a look that says he can 't tell if I 'm being sarcastic or not .
tr	PAST	A woman emerged from the house bearing silver server .
tr	PAST	"just be ready at 5 then , "" announced Kamal ."
tr	PRES	"And then , ridiculously , "" ... sorry . """
tr	PAST	He flattened his palms at her temples , boxing her in and taking the bulk of his own weight .
tr	PAST	""" I received it this afternoon ."
tr	PAST	After a few blocks a thin patch in the fog revealed the moon .
tr	PAST	""" It cost me five dollars from a street vendor , and I 'm pretty sure the chain is brass . """
tr	PRES	""" Oh , yes , and a thousand miles only begins to describe how far we can reach when we need to ."
tr	PRES	""" It 's okay to be tired , Bree ."
tr	PRES	She crawls over into the other seat , and as soon as she 's got the seatbelt clicked in , I 've got us in reverse .
tr	PRES	""" You know what will happen , "" Robin whispers ."
tr	PAST	He withdrew one finger , slowly inserting two , watching her expression closely for signs of discomfort as he pushed deeper into her body .
tr	PAST	She Pulled a few choice coins into her hands .
tr	PAST	I prayed that my will was stronger than my physical desire .
tr	PAST	""" It 's very beautiful here , "" Devon chimed in after a quiet turn around the main garden ."
tr	PAST	As he held her unconscious body in his arms , he just prayed it would be soon enough .
tr	PAST	Her smile pierced his heart .
tr	PRES	""" For letting me vent ."
tr	PAST	Somehow Jacqueline doubted it .
tr	PAST	I froze as I thought about what I had been about to write .
tr	PAST	She froze in place , staring at him .
tr	PAST	""" All this because he 's still angry at Carlos , "" Jeff marveled ."
tr	PRES	He opens his mouth and closes it again .
tr	PRES	She visits them daily , takes them to appointments , and runs errands for them .
tr	PRES	"And make it sexy . """
tr	PAST	Relief lightened some of Rio 's edginess .
tr	PAST	Alexia perked up at that name .
tr	PAST	Ducking into his own room , he regarded the devastation briefly once more before yanking the closet door open wide .
tr	PAST	"Then he grunted , "" My new bride . """
tr	PRES	"How better to discover the best way to defeat us ? """
tr	PAST	""" I - "" "" You 'll be fine , "" she says , patting my arm ."
tr	PRES	The other quarters murmur indignantly among themselves .
tr	PRES	"Can I steal that ? """
tr	PAST	""" We 'll be staying here for now , "" Julian announced ."
tr	PRES	""" What a psycho , "" Jason mumbled ."
tr	PAST	Lightning split the sky and thunder cracked over their heads .
tr	PAST	I straddled him , our bodies fitting together effortlessly .
tr	PAST	Eyes black as midnight pierced through the dark , watchful as an owl .
tr	PAST	Why hadn 't I anticipated this would happen ?
tr	PAST	She trusted him , and the way in which he looked at her was enough to make her want to forget about all else .
tr	PRES	""" On the edge of this grouping of buildings , in a natural grass basin . """
tr	PRES	Valerie states as she activates the speakers .
tr	PRES	But my original design remains essentially unaltered .
tr	PRES	""" You are most welcome , my dear , "" he mumbled as he held her ."
tr	PRES	I 'll find someone else who will have the balls to do what he has to for the ones he loves .
tr	PAST	""" Let everyone know that there will only be one group performing tonight , "" Harmony instructed her firmly ."
tr	PAST	The sound of gunshots exploded in the small room .
tr	PRES	She touches a finger to her lips thoughtfully , studying me .
tr	PAST	Then Preston limped in .
tr	PAST	""" Got any food around here ?"
tr	PRES	Either way amounts to the same thing .
tr	PRES	"When he did , Tiny shifted the flashlight so that the circle of light included his large frame and simply murmured , "" Boo . """
tr	PRES	""" I love you too , "" he whispers ."
tr	PAST	""" No offense , of course ! """
tr	PRES	I lean closer to Pat .
tr	PAST	George bounced back to get a second punch that sent him against the two workmen and they all fell to the ground .
tr	PAST	He mumbled an invocation to the Trinity .
tr	PAST	He retracted his hands , looking at them as they burned red and started to blister .
tr	PRES	You concocted this farce for one purpose : to usurp power .
tr	PRES	""" Yeah , "" she sighs again ."
tr	PRES	It 's day two , you better text me back .
tr	PAST	His face blanched as he read , the muscles in his jaw twitching .
tr	PRES	""" Athena , you treacherous bitch ."
tr	PRES	The sparkles expand from my hand up my arm and then surround my body .
tr	PRES	""" Um , yeah , you too ... um ... "" "" Carson , "" he filled in , bristling ."
tr	PRES	Running through the crowd Bjorn pushes his way to the door of the inn running into Hagar full force .
tr	PRES	""" I don 't think your ego needs any more help from me , "" I mutter , and then wish I could take it back ."
tr	PAST	Finally , Nadia tugged his arm .
tr	PRES	""" We overreacted . """
tr	PRES	Some archangel you are .
tr	PAST	""" I 'm going to open a psychic detective agency , "" Gwen announced ."
tr	PAST	He dictated what and how much we studied , who we were allowed to date , even the foods we were allowed to eat .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the wires whipped wildly in his fingers .
tr	PRES	She flicks the lighter and starts moving the flame along the glass .
tr	PRES	He mumbled some kind of answer and got out of the car .
tr	PAST	She served herself some prepared toasts and sat down next to him , her hand reaching to grip his .
tr	PAST	He gritted his teeth as he struck the wall with a thud , his left knee bearing the brunt of the impact .
tr	PRES	""" Ah yes , your precious granddaughter ."
tr	PRES	As he gets up , the door slides open .
tr	PRES	A sub door slams .
tr	PRES	he asked , his voice a tad brighter than earlier .
tr	PAST	I withdrew my arm .
tr	PAST	He plowed a hand through his dark hair and exhaled .
tr	PRES	""" But we - "" Rebecca 's aunt began , suspicion flickering in the gray depths of her eyes as she glared at Rebecca ."
tr	PRES	His pole twitches , and he grabs it , reeling it in .
tr	PAST	I barely trusted myself to speak but I had no choice .
tr	PRES	""" Wouldn 't you do something if you saw somebody robbing a bank ? """
tr	PAST	""" Watch or leave , "" Nolen stated to the soldier ."
tr	PAST	""" Arum , "" Blake accused , voice low ."
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat , but she didn 't want to read too much into what he said .
tr	PRES	""" Miss , please , I really , really need to work alone , "" Errol begged ."
tr	PRES	Many times she would tell her mother , and everyone else for that matter , lies about Sakura .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm a wreck because of you , "" Devon mumbled ."
tr	PAST	I matched speeds with the Luton box truck and fired .
tr	PAST	I appealed to Dec for support , but he bolted to the kitchen to feed Domino .
tr	PRES	My mind whispers and I swallow back another wave of nausea .
tr	PRES	""" A letter of marque grants the holder legal protection ."
tr	PRES	Jet holds up a water bottle and squirts water into his mouth .
tr	PAST	He certainly would not have panicked and buried him on the golf course he played at every week .
tr	PAST	For months , Mudd 's Swine Taxi operated without incident .
tr	PRES	God and heaven exist and so does hell .
tr	PRES	He releases my fingers from his and brings his hand to the top of my head .
tr	PRES	So , remains the whiskey .
tr	PRES	""" I assume you will be in the cohort before me ? """
tr	PRES	"And love begins with trust , and trust can 't be formed if people think you 're hiding something . """
tr	PAST	""" I stole her boyfriend . """
tr	PAST	I shrieked in surprise .
tr	PRES	Destiny turned on him , her expression fiercely protective .
tr	PRES	He chuckles at his stupid rhyme .
tr	PAST	Quite how they managed to slip into the tiny room unnoticed puzzled me at the time .
tr	PRES	he said , his voice suddenly passionate .
tr	PRES	""" Touche , "" Maddie mutters ."
tr	PAST	I dig my fingers into his hair as our mouths open to one another .
tr	PAST	Fear rocketed through her chest , squeezing her , robbing her of air .
tr	PRES	I lean forward and brush my lips against his .
tr	PAST	Water squirted up through cracks .
tr	PAST	He trusted Corey and thought it only fair to be up front about what they were doing and why they were looking for Nesbitt .
tr	PAST	"' ' Abigail , wait for us ! """
tr	PRES	It lacks the access panels to the ducts that we encountered in the maintenance room .
tr	PRES	He tries to balance himself .
tr	PRES	""" Yeah , that pisses me off too , Marcus , "" I said , trying to side with him ."
tr	PRES	""" I 'll keep the earpiece in , "" I mutter ."
tr	PRES	Everything we have ever learned is lies !
tr	PAST	"He froze for a second , then said , "" I 'll call you back , "" and hung up ."
tr	PRES	His mouth twisted into distorted shapes , and it looked like he was fighting for control of his own body .
tr	PAST	""" I didn 't mean to scare you , "" he uttered breathless ."
tr	PAST	"T is time to leave , "" Cullen announced as he reached them ."
tr	PRES	I dreaded to think how he 'd react when he 'd heard the news .
tr	PAST	Mr. Yee regarded him with shrewd caution .
tr	PAST	Before she could reply , Jemma ran in , her dark hair bouncing around on the crown of her head , her face panicked .
tr	PAST	He walked toward her slowly , his hands stuffed into the pockets of his dirty jeans .
tr	PAST	Shock and dread washed through him , all but swimming laps in his bloodstream .
tr	PRES	""" So Miss Eva , what will we be talking about ? """
tr	PRES	From their past together to the part where he 's a handler ; a filthy liar .
tr	PRES	A second later the door opens , flooding me with uncomfortable light as James gets in .
tr	PRES	If it actually breathed at all and didn 't just exist on pure evil alone .
tr	PAST	Verity crouched beside her and felt for the pulse in Elyssa 's throat .
tr	PAST	As he closed the distance between himself and Tonya , his hand fisted , crinkling the words .
tr	PAST	His eyes brightened as he said his wife 's name .
tr	PAST	She sensed Fallon heightening his own talent and wondered how the basement appeared to him .
tr	PAST	I saluted her , attempting not to laugh at how she was trying not to smile .
tr	PRES	""" No , she refuses to eat or drink . """
tr	PRES	I punch the button and slide my finger across the screen .
tr	PAST	Dugin stormed into his office impatiently , closed the door tightly behind Ruslan and turned the record player on .
tr	PRES	"What brings you to the city ? """
tr	PRES	It steals over me like a cold shadow , the meaning of her words .
tr	PRES	"I shout back , "" I will ! """
tr	PRES	Sarah tries to squeeze past me and drag Ella 's body out from beneath him .
tr	PAST	Eustace holstered his gun and clapped his hands together .
tr	PAST	He dreaded the thought that history might repeat itself , and feared that telling her would initiate a self-fulfilling prophesy .
tr	PAST	Fingers danced up his back and rested lightly on his shoulders .
tr	PAST	Her mouth curved against his lips .
tr	PRES	""" It 's nice to see a girl with an appetite , "" he teased ."
tr	PAST	Suddenly lights twinkled and lit up , cascading from tree to tree , from bush to bush .
tr	PAST	Until she sneezed again .
tr	PAST	Her heart skipped a beat .
tr	PAST	If one did so , he ceased to be a preserver .
tr	PAST	Balconies lined with richly scrolled metal balustrades adorned the upper floor .
tr	PAST	They both collected Hummel figurines and wore the same pale blue Crocs .
tr	PAST	With a growl , Royce threaded his fingers through her hair and brought her face closer to his .
tr	PRES	Finally , she slows , still screaming and crying now too , bending , standing , squatting and moving on .
tr	PAST	""" The detective in charge messed up the way he gathered the evidence or something . """
tr	PRES	""" So , how does Julia James cheat at solitaire ? """
tr	PAST	"Whereabouts you from , Mr. Hank ? """
tr	PRES	' Sebastian Scott , ' a voice giggles from behind us , causing my back to go rigid .
tr	PAST	Aly accused softly , hoarsely .
tr	PAST	He dialed in to his voice mail and listened .
tr	PRES	- the fact remains that I don 't want you .
tr	PRES	"I might add , Raphael always remembers important occasions in my life . """
tr	PRES	Sykes holds out his hands .
tr	PRES	He pops the cap and begins to chug down its contents .
tr	PAST	I pretended to move to leave .
tr	PRES	Evelyn stops in the middle of whatever sentence she was speaking .
tr	PRES	""" I value your candor , Chretien . """
tr	PRES	My Mama opens my door with a fake smile .
tr	PAST	Harlow announced as she walked into the kitchen .
tr	PRES	The sun strikes his eyes through the canopy as he exits the temple .
tr	PRES	Dax slows the bike down to a crawl .
tr	PAST	Broad leaves slapped the windshield as the speed increased .
tr	PRES	The sun shone on a lamp post at a closed shop .
tr	PRES	""" Which brings up the question of why they 're helping them ?"
tr	PRES	""" I don 't know , "" Gabe whispers ."
tr	PRES	""" You know , a while ago you wouldn 't have cared if I touched something of yours , "" he breathes ."
tr	PAST	My two best friends were butchered .
tr	PAST	I thanked Providence it was night and he couldn 't see the color of my burning cheeks .
tr	PAST	She skipped aside , taking a cup of ale from one of the common tables .
tr	PRES	She pushes against me , rubbing against my hand in a desperate frenzy .
tr	PRES	Most likely Fitch , simply because he had more money and more cunning .
tr	PAST	My words bounced off of him , not slowing him down for a second as he kept on pacing up and down the room .
tr	PAST	No call awoke the echoes ; yet suddenly the night grew tense and the jungle held its breath .
tr	PAST	Garn exclaimed , feeling deeply insulted .
tr	PRES	She shuddered , her lashes slowly lowering .
tr	PAST	Chapter 21 The first Domus breaks through the trees , shaggy black hair partially covering his cruelly carved face .
tr	PRES	He holds out his hand and I take it .
tr	PAST	He feared losing Helena and he believed he might be losing his mind .
tr	PRES	A bit of fear shone in her gaze .
tr	PRES	Womack flips his hand , chuckling .
tr	PAST	I swirled around to face him , my ire rising .
tr	PRES	""" A few inches from the ground ."
tr	PRES	The first girl stands then trips over her gown , not falling on her face .
tr	PRES	' The echo . '
tr	PRES	"She deserves to know where her daughter is and no one else is looking . """
tr	PAST	""" I 'm going for the pizzas , "" Kenny announced , kissing the top of my head ."
tr	PRES	He freezes but doesn 't pull away , as though he can 't believe what he 's just heard .
tr	PRES	Comes a beautiful sing song voice from behind him .
tr	PAST	He referred to the round gym as something that needed to be razed because there were too many physical problems with it .
tr	PRES	"You just overreacted to ... nothing ? """
tr	PRES	You belong here with me .
tr	PAST	She squinted at me mischievously .
tr	PAST	Persephone tugged on a blond curl , and when she let it go , it sprang back into a perfect spiral .
tr	PRES	At times , it fits quite nicely .
tr	PRES	He draws them to himself , and slaughters them at his leisure .
tr	PRES	I hazard a guess .
tr	PAST	My hands cinched around her waist as I buried my head in her shoulder , and continued my wracking , tortured crying .
tr	PAST	I collapsed on the bed , relieving my lungs with the air they were deprived of during that exchange .
tr	PAST	""" You 're right , "" he caved ."
tr	PAST	""" He stormed through the docking bay doors , aiming directly for me ."
tr	PRES	It remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	PRES	Someone he respects . '
tr	PRES	""" And that carries hefty time ."
tr	PRES	However , since the singles ' classes don 't fellowship together except once a quarter , we socialize jointly only four times a year .
tr	PAST	They lied to me on my face when they broke the laptop and when they manipulated Clay without the slightest wrinkle of any regret or remorse .
tr	PAST	He groped for her in the dark .
tr	PRES	He wraps his arms around my shoulders .
tr	PAST	Kaylee pondered for a minute , pacing a little , making a show of it .
tr	PAST	Otto scoffed at his words .
tr	PRES	He sees the world in shades of joy .
tr	PAST	Their minds sought one another , needing the constant closeness between them .
tr	PAST	""" What about the bomber ?"
tr	PAST	She then flicked a bunch of pasta at him and soon the pasta and water were flying everywhere .
tr	PAST	Kane awoke , hungry , his head lying comfortably on the guitar .
tr	PRES	""" Now fuck off . """
tr	PAST	Paris shot to his feet , as well , hands fisted , body glistening .
tr	PAST	The Princess shrieked , ' Liar ' and plunged a dagger into her sister .
tr	PAST	Vijay 's parents pitched in here and gave Hari their share , as all their cooking was on LPG stoves .
tr	PRES	He throws from behind a tree or somewhere where Rags doesn 't see it coming .
tr	PAST	She twirled a mouthful of spaghetti into her spoon .
tr	PRES	The mountains belong to us !
tr	PRES	""" It belongs to my family . """
tr	PAST	I screeched and let myself go limp .
tr	PRES	' Isn 't it awfully flat ? '
tr	PAST	How immature , he pondered .
tr	PRES	His eyes dwelt on her hips and bosom .
tr	PAST	Her chin tipped with a Roman bravado .
tr	PAST	He deliberately provoked his brother , hoping for a reaction .
tr	PAST	"Have you selected your novel yet ? """
tr	PRES	As if feeling my gaze , the abbess glances up and gives me a cool nod .
tr	PRES	""" But only temporarily . """
tr	PAST	He motioned to Pyotr and Kiska to remain where they were .
tr	PAST	Thunder boomed , shaking the trees , an ominous portent of trouble .
tr	PAST	He flicked his gaze to her before slowly removing his hand from underneath hers .
tr	PAST	Tim never slowed or looked back .
tr	PRES	She tries to lift the casket , but it is too heavy .
tr	PAST	Once the money landed on Grand Cayman , a lawyer on board handled the required payoffs to Cayman customs and to the appropriate banker .
tr	PAST	Chapter 29 Leo crouched by the silver car .
tr	PAST	"You cost me a lot of power , and now I 'm taking that power back . """
tr	PAST	I elbowed him in the throat , ignored his strangled gurgle , scrambled to my feet and headed for the exit .
tr	PAST	""" Yes , "" Hannah lied ."
tr	PAST	"Once we -- "" The phone ringing interrupted him ."
tr	PRES	I lean out the door a ways .
tr	PAST	He dealt in real-estate deals all across the world .
tr	PRES	"She whipped her head back again and uttered with feeling , "" Thank you . """
tr	PRES	As soon as I mention his father , hatred mixed with vulnerability masks his face .
tr	PRES	I just smack his hand out of the way .
tr	PAST	The flavor caressed his pallet allowing him to savor all that he possessed .
tr	PRES	""" And the stallion ."
tr	PAST	Nick smacked his forehead .
tr	PAST	"They brainwashed you , so you would work for them , like a slave . """
tr	PAST	Sir James made enemies in Scotland , they cost him such lands as his family still had .
tr	PAST	Laila unleashed the promised scream .
tr	PRES	Asher bellows from the front door .
tr	PRES	""" A witch ? """
tr	PAST	"She reported , "" The way is too well guarded for any of you to sneak past ."
tr	PAST	The lines on his face deepened even more .
tr	PRES	Monroe glances down at her fingers , his smile slipping .
tr	PRES	Moonlight shone on his black hair .
tr	PRES	The scientific method allows for falsifiability but doesn 't demand complete overthrow .
tr	PRES	He falls atop me , his heavy weight a comfort .
tr	PRES	""" Uncle Albert ! """
tr	PRES	""" I would , "" she giggles ."
tr	PAST	Two sets of friendly eyes twinkled back at me .
tr	PAST	I prayed it would move the raft a few feet , but all it did was lift the aroma from the water directly to our noses .
tr	PRES	Ms. Suarez elbows Ms. Myrtle in the ribs .
tr	PRES	Suddenly , Ethan lurches towards me , hands outstretched and desperate .
tr	PAST	"Drusilla chased after Adam , telling him , "" Our mission is more important than one person . """
tr	PRES	He stops at that , looks at her , and sighs heavily .
tr	PRES	""" And once in a while he stops grinning and remembers what he 's supposed to do with the piece of wood he 's holding . """
tr	PRES	He holds his hands up , laughing .
tr	PRES	""" That explains Caria this morning , at any rate . """
tr	PAST	""" Yeah , it was in the paper , "" I grunted ."
tr	PAST	"The paper crumpled in Smith 's hands as Tatiana said , "" I don 't want Valentina to see this ."
tr	PRES	Whenever Schultz cornered her in the larder or against the icebox , she simply diverted her eyes , went rigid , and fell silent .
tr	PRES	The man digs into his pockets and pulls out four bullets .
tr	PRES	He invites me out of obligation , but I can 't go to him and his new wife .
tr	PRES	She also brings them out if one of us wins a prize or a trophy for something .
tr	PRES	Getting up , he helps the next soldier over to Isabelle .
tr	PAST	He dusted the front room , vacuumed the stairway , and set out cheese and crackers for the afternoon social .
tr	PAST	Kaitlyn froze , her legs suddenly refusing to move .
tr	PRES	His hand freezes over his lasagna .
tr	PRES	Lennox offers me a bottle of water .
tr	PRES	""" Cow manure ? """
tr	PAST	He saw Providence sitting in a sphere of light , her hands extended towards him .
tr	PRES	""" Yes , "" I blurt , then immediately say , "" No . """
tr	PAST	As testament to his diligence , all across the open courtyard , wooden pikes bore the heads of the last defenders .
tr	PRES	Says a feminine voice back to the man .
tr	PAST	Daniel 's grin flattened .
tr	PRES	Jack carries the soda and canisters in his arms and makes for the exit .
tr	PRES	And just as I 'm getting used to the sensation , he brings my lower lip into his mouth and takes a little bite .
tr	PAST	I surmised we were keeping the recovery of Gramma 's body to ourselves .
tr	PAST	Just as we were about to ascend the hill above the valley , Mr. Mac motioned for Zack and me to come forward .
tr	PAST	Feeling more confident , I spouted it out again , trying to match his authentic cadence .
tr	PAST	Another store provided a nice selection of sweaters and tops that showed more dcolletage than she felt comfortable showing .
tr	PRES	We all have pasts .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't stay right behind him , "" I squeal ."
tr	PRES	"I feed them and take care of them . """
tr	PRES	By the look in Alec 's eyes and the silent treatment he 's giving me , I assume it was catastrophic .
tr	PAST	Katie exclaimed pointing to the mountain above .
tr	PAST	I whimper , shut my eye , curl up tighter , and try to shrink away from the columns of fire that roar around me .
tr	PAST	"But instead he mumbled "" No problem "" and took the drumsticks from him as he passed ."
tr	PAST	Creatures of myths roamed freely here , and plants that no longer flourished in the mortal realm grew to staggering heights in Olympus .
tr	PAST	The fear coiled inside me snapped like a rubber band , and I raised my chin .
tr	PAST	The shaper smacked his lips and opened his eyes .
tr	PAST	He dismissed her with a wave .
tr	PRES	""" Deliberate damage , perhaps , while it was outside the Administration Building ."
tr	PAST	Jake and Melissa received an awkward wave instead of a hug .
tr	PAST	""" Never seen him before , "" I lied , shutting the door and locking it ."
tr	PAST	He cocked his head .
tr	PRES	This time , I connect with an automated message which wavers in and out , first in Dutch and then in English .
tr	PAST	The room buzzed as Caleb took his seat at the antique artisan crafted round table the Council used for their meetings .
tr	PRES	He offers me his hand and pulls me off the couch , towing me back to the kitchen island .
tr	PRES	""" He hates it when I 'm gone ."
tr	PRES	I lean down and whisper the threat .
tr	PAST	She hastily untied the ends of the sheet and then set about getting the horse to go back the way he 'd come .
tr	PRES	""" Of course , master . """
tr	PRES	""" He touches me and I 'll sue all of you . """
tr	PRES	Our instructor , Garrett , enters the room , his dark hair pulled back in a ponytail and he avoids looking at me , just like always .
tr	PAST	The boys braced themselves for a surprise , but found an almost ordinary hallway on the other side .
tr	PAST	I instantly tensed up at this comment and I felt my guard go up .
tr	PAST	I bounced my legs along the back wall of the pool and watched the ripples expanding away from me .
tr	PRES	He helps me place it on my right hand and gives the ring a quick kiss .
tr	PAST	""" An elaborate ruse , perhaps ? """
tr	PAST	It proved one thing , at least , that Bonnie was alive and relatively well .
tr	PAST	She pondered the question .
tr	PAST	I braced myself with my hands on the floor -- nasty -- but better my hands than my face .
tr	PRES	When I don 't respond , James 's smile fades and he puts his arm around me as we wait for Dallas to get the door open .
tr	PAST	""" Hart , you rogue , "" Eleanor exclaimed ."
tr	PAST	"Jennifer stated in a hurt tone , "" If he didn 't tell us , then he had to tell someone ."
tr	PAST	A searing white light exploded at the back of my mind .
tr	PAST	I exhale , whispering for my ears , only .
tr	PRES	It helps when I can plan it and consider all the reasons it 's a good thing , first .
tr	PRES	""" This thing 's going to be a pain in the ass to carry , "" he mumbled as he studied it from all angles ."
tr	PAST	His fingertips floated toward her cheek .
tr	PAST	Deuce leaped out onto the porch , his heavy gray overcoat and black gloves already on .
tr	PAST	He downed his and took his friends theirs , knowing they hated the foul flavor of lies as much as he did .
tr	PRES	""" And not just because of , um ... "" I gestured to Archer , who raised an eyebrow at me but didn 't say anything ."
tr	PAST	Jenna 's hands strayed to the golden circlet that Marcia had placed on her head .
tr	PAST	His heart leaped within his chest .
tr	PAST	His fingers caressed her arm .
tr	PAST	At an invitation from the king he piled eggs and bacon onto a slice of bread to make a breakfast sandwich .
tr	PAST	He sped to its back , the gun seized solidly in his hands , his finger ready to squeeze the trigger .
tr	PRES	""" Rather than letting her identify these seven people ... "" Bastien continued ."
tr	PAST	In spite of her outrage and her sorrow , she silently prayed that there wouldn 't be an unwanted baby in the wake of this horrible night .
tr	PRES	As my head spins out of control , the limo door opens .
tr	PRES	""" Welcome to my home , "" he mutters under his breath as he starts for the spiral staircase in front of us ."
tr	PRES	She stands up , and I realize she isn 't wearing the same clothes she had on at school .
tr	PAST	"I submitted it for her approval anyway , though , and ... uh ... well ... "" "" She rejected it ? """
tr	PAST	Feingold and Charney appealed again .
tr	PAST	The rushing air caressed Hannah 's hair and there was serenity about her rage , which simmered underneath the surface .
tr	PAST	""" You crawled into bed with me because - "" At least six werewolves were on their motorcycles ."
tr	PAST	He inches his mouth away , breathing fitfully , his eyes assessing mine .
tr	PAST	""" Wonderful , "" boomed Sir Lionel ."
tr	PAST	Jack awoke to find Lorraine no longer at his side .
tr	PAST	"Nicolas exhaled irritably , "" The wolves chewed off the tires ."
tr	PRES	""" Ah ... fuck ! """
tr	PAST	She froze as she tried to figure out if she had fresh cause for alarm .
tr	PRES	A part of me wishes that , too .
tr	PAST	I tugged at the neck of my T-shirt , hoping to find some sort of relief .
tr	PAST	They measured it various ways , and it turned out to be around ten million bits per second .
tr	PRES	She holds no interest in your future and cannot say what is best for you as your mother can .
tr	PAST	He crouched down , shoving his face close to mine .
tr	PRES	Cole glares at him then glances over his shoulder at me .
tr	PAST	""" No one can see , "" Adam rasped in my ear ."
tr	PRES	"You shine under pressure . """
tr	PAST	Hunter thrived off of making and creating art , and he must have made over one million paintings .
tr	PAST	""" Neil phoned Blake shortly after it happened ."
tr	PAST	The women squealed , and then they pounced on Lance like lionesses on prey .
tr	PAST	And afterwards -- you thanked me !
tr	PRES	""" I apologize , Master Romulus ."
tr	PAST	With a snap of the reins , she urged her horse up the rocky path .
tr	PAST	She petted the wolf and then squeezed her eyes shut , calling upon the healing magic within her , magic that had gotten stronger .
tr	PRES	"Good night Abby . """
tr	PAST	The book described a great old tree , and she felt the tree 's roots growing winding inside her .
tr	PAST	""" She never stated a reason , "" the lawyer said blandly , "" and I never asked for one ."
tr	PAST	"But suddenly the scaled , fanged creature screeched , "" No , no , no , "" clearly sensing Olivia 's presence ."
tr	PAST	""" My mom just washed and made the bed . """
tr	PRES	""" Right , "" I mutter ."
tr	PRES	""" Like giving a human child to wolves to raise ."
tr	PAST	He replaced his finger with his lips and lightly brushed a kiss onto my mouth .
tr	PRES	"Five now , five when the trial is over . """
tr	PAST	The window exploded inwards , shards of crystal shattering and scattering into the shop and onto the pavement around my feet .
tr	PRES	"Will you forgive me ? """
tr	PAST	He plopped down across from me and leaned forward , his eyebrows arching in interest .
tr	PAST	I gritted my teeth and did not make a sound , even as she tore a comb through my knotted hair .
tr	PRES	Each mule 's deadly payload devoured scores and scores of the enemy in clouds of sullen flame , spread out over an area fifty yards across .
tr	PAST	She flicked on the hall light , and sure enough , the glass panes above the outside door had been smashed .
tr	PAST	The stone glowed momentarily , tumblers rattled , and the door swung smoothly open .
tr	PAST	More volunteers erected temporary housing , hammers and saws echoing while dump trucks hauled away debris from fallen structures .
tr	PAST	I stifled a laugh at the image her words conjured up .
tr	PRES	""" Are you sure , sweetie ?"
tr	PAST	The way a smile tugged at his mouth .
tr	PRES	""" Clean , sexy , good-looking . """
tr	PRES	""" How about some dessert ? """
tr	PAST	The sight of it froze me in my tracks .
tr	PAST	Carmine froze at the sound of the voice and glanced behind him , seeing Corrado following .
tr	PRES	Straight down thru the scrub .
tr	PRES	""" I assume why is was destroyed ."
tr	PRES	""" Yeah , epically awful . """
tr	PRES	Another minute and a last rip and she fades .
tr	PAST	A frown tugged the corners of his mouth down and caused the skin between his eyebrows to pucker .
tr	PRES	First Thomas , now Cyril .
tr	PRES	She relaxes and puts more space between us .
tr	PRES	He rises to meet me and pulls me into a deep , strong hug .
tr	PAST	""" That worker is chained to the machine , "" Thalia stated with a surprised expression on her face and her eyes widened ."
tr	PAST	I pinched at the skin around my collar until my fingers found the chain .
tr	PRES	""" Chief McCormick ... "" The hand Irene laid on the police chief 's arm could simply have been a beseeching gesture ."
tr	PRES	""" It ruined him , James ."
tr	PAST	"His father being gone so much bothered him deeply , but Kyle always shrugged it off as if it didn 't matter . """
tr	PAST	Before his death , he carved the account of what had happened on a piece of wood , then sealed the message in a bottle .
tr	PAST	She feared it would split again at any moment .
tr	PAST	""" German shepherd ? """
tr	PAST	I froze there , devastated , holding the tiny wrench and taking in the spectacle .
tr	PRES	He comments as he hands me the mug with the soup inside and I drink it because I don 't know what else to say .
tr	PRES	Blondie lets Patrick go and tries to avenge his fallen companion .
tr	PRES	""" Did your father approve of this ? """
tr	PRES	All evidence points to the fact that they had absolutely nothing to do with it -- they just happened to come upon the scene of the crime .
tr	PRES	And I assume that Tonya Welton and the other Settler leaders would find it just as embarrassing if someone uncovered a secret codicil between us .
tr	PRES	Then suddenly vanish again .
tr	PRES	"Why this bothers me so much . """
tr	PRES	By 2015 achieve a significant improvement in the lives of at least 100 million slum dwellers .
tr	PRES	"After a long pause , Ezio said bitterly , "" He blames me for not killing Rodrigo when I had the chance . """
tr	PRES	""" Don 't even try it , Frannie ."
tr	PAST	Dean steadied the bike .
tr	PAST	she exclaimed louder , and then it hit me .
tr	PRES	he snaps , dragging her with him .
tr	PAST	His lips curved into a smile .
tr	PAST	The flames engulfed Mr Gibson and Timothy , but they did not scream in pain or even twitch .
tr	PRES	The John Hancock Center rises above us .
tr	PRES	"Or at least expanding . """
tr	PRES	He sniffs close at her face , licks her once or twice , then sits down next to her , leaning into her side as she rocks .
tr	PRES	Or rather , the place surrounding it .
tr	PAST	Leaning back , I freed myself from his mouth .
tr	PAST	Asha cocked her head but looked confused .
tr	PRES	Elena looked up at her husband , her cheeks damp with tears .
tr	PAST	Furthermore he trusted her judgment .
tr	PAST	""" It is St. Agnes Eve tonight , "" Lauda announced , as if this were a matter of some importance ."
tr	PAST	The overstuffed billfold fanned cash along the concrete .
tr	PRES	Cain 's low , gravelly rumble cut through her fear just enough to keep her steady .
tr	PAST	"He described Rene 's study accurately . """
tr	PRES	""" We ditch the plane . """
tr	PAST	In this house I chanced to find a volume of the works of Cornelius Agrippa .
tr	PRES	""" Is everyone staying at the Lodge , Dickie ? """
tr	PAST	Fin cocked his head to the side .
tr	PAST	The fire destroyed everything in its path as it spread .
tr	PRES	I hiss , as he peers out into the night .
tr	PRES	"That brings money , and unsuspecting folks with money are to lawyers as wounded animals are to buzzards . """
tr	PRES	"Ken loves it . """
tr	PRES	""" When your reasons include my club , I reserve the right to know what they are . """
tr	PRES	She smiles , then lies flat on her back , tools at the ready .
tr	PRES	With thoughts of new worlds , different frontiers , and life experiences bubbling through our young and nave minds .
tr	PAST	Suddenly the front tire on the right side of the car exploded , throwing its shredded remains across the road .
tr	PRES	Dried , cured meats .
tr	PRES	"Really , "" I add , seeing the look of doubt on his face ."
tr	PAST	"One sedative , coming up , at the patient 's request . """
tr	PAST	""" A couple of years ago , "" he says gently , "" I recruited a boy into our society who could call the rain ."
tr	PRES	I retort , my words laced with bitterness .
tr	PAST	She slapped her hand over his face , just as she had his brother .
tr	PRES	""" From the look she gave us , she suspects what we are ."
tr	PAST	Slowly she swirled her tongue around the morsel of food until his need bordered on pain .
tr	PAST	In the bunker , I sketched furiously , as if I could keep the world alive by capturing my memories of it .
tr	PAST	Henry identified one guy .
tr	PAST	Her hand moved toward his , he clasped onto it .
tr	PAST	Laughter exploded from one of the standing soldiers .
tr	PRES	""" The diamond medallion grants the user , in effect , all three . """
tr	PRES	He points toward me .
tr	PRES	""" And your accent is ... different . """
tr	PRES	As if she were hiding some tiny , hairline crack .
tr	PRES	He intensely holds my gaze , making a point without saying it .
tr	PRES	""" Whatever , "" I mumbled ."
tr	PAST	She all but sobbed with relief as the sensations of his emotion faded from her own , and she looked him in the face .
tr	PAST	A crystal vase holding one perfect red rose adorned each table .
tr	PRES	Hunter offers me a drink from a plastic jug , which is mostly empty .
tr	PAST	""" I appreciate the offer , but I 'm just going to sit inside and wait for my brother , "" I lied ."
tr	PAST	In no universe had he predicted his day would turn out this way .
tr	PRES	I swipe my finger down over it and realize I just fulfilled Marshall 's prophecy .
tr	PAST	Misty upended it , pouring the liquid in a stream into her mouth .
tr	PAST	He hesitated so long , I feared he 'd take back the offer and the ring .
tr	PAST	She smacked my arm playfully .
tr	PAST	"Have you perused Hawthorne 's journal since I gave it to you ? """
tr	PAST	""" We got no secrets , "" Dee scoffed ."
tr	PRES	Lots of leather , imported beer , and enough DVDs to sink a battleship .
tr	PAST	He motioned to Brock and Timmy , who proceeded to make their way toward the target .
tr	PRES	Fox frowns and points to the suit in the container .
tr	PAST	""" They carted you away in an ambulance , and that 's where you are ! """
tr	PAST	She no longer doubted his desire to defeat Lord Cleaver and realized she would never want to become his enemy .
tr	PRES	Brenden stands from the table and walks towards me .
tr	PAST	Kira stomped her foot .
tr	PRES	In the kitchen , I fix myself a grilled cheese sandwich , feeling the need for some comfort food .
tr	PAST	""" Everybody winds up here eventually . """
tr	PAST	Both of them the most heavily defended parts .
tr	PRES	""" Don 't you have school or something to go to Maria , "" I hiss back at her ."
tr	PRES	I scratch a cut across the star on my wrist , whispering good-bye forever .
tr	PAST	""" I emailed a few pictures of your paintings to the art teacher at the junior college , Mrs. Hackett . """
tr	PRES	Little project my ... well , you know what I mean .
tr	PRES	His whole face changes .
tr	PRES	"When it had only died down slightly he raised his sword higher and bellowed , "" We march ! """
tr	PAST	He created countless spells with it .
tr	PRES	Trystan remains frozen by the door , his eyes sweeping over her back and drinking in her curves .
tr	PRES	""" I 'm sorry , "" she mumbled ."
tr	PRES	He falls forward , limp .
tr	PRES	The train passing brings up memories of earlier times .
tr	PAST	I froze , and James peered through the trees that surrounded us .
tr	PAST	A gateway suddenly split the air on the far side of the room , shearing through the fine rug at the floor .
tr	PRES	Mick returns then with my beer , and I nod in thanks .
tr	PAST	Archer 's mouth curved in amusement , and I think it was the first time I saw him really smile .
tr	PRES	"Chapter 12 "" Sound the alarm ! """
tr	PAST	"what I feared . """
tr	PAST	His voice steadied her , but it still wasn 't enough .
tr	PAST	The taller of the two must have somehow sensed something , because he stopped and turned toward us .
tr	PRES	He reaches over and takes my hand in his , bringing my wrist to his lips before he sets our entwined fingers on his thigh .
tr	PAST	' What about the Porcelain Princess then , smarty pants ?
tr	PAST	But in the moment , the need to see William outweighed any rational thought .
tr	PAST	Though she radiated loss and loneliness , he also sensed a steel rod of strength and pride running through her .
tr	PAST	""" Bastard , "" she rasped again ."
tr	PAST	He thanked Nyx every day that his nephew and niece had survived the massacre .
tr	PAST	The arrow plunged into his shoulder , and she felt the warm spatter of Shane 's blood across her face .
tr	PRES	""" Hey , "" I grumble ."
tr	PAST	Irritated , I stomped over to the railing and flailed an arm at the view beyond .
tr	PAST	Its cover featured a guy with an amazing physique .
tr	PAST	""" I 'll get a taxi , "" she announced ."
tr	PAST	With a single loud twang the band ceased playing .
tr	PAST	Chapter 5 Ren froze as his gaze locked with the woman 's .
tr	PAST	Powerhouse slapped the chief 's back .
tr	PAST	Georgie propped the phone between her ear and shoulder , so she could type .
tr	PRES	He tries to take my hand , but I pull it back .
tr	PRES	He glances at the little notebook tucked in my hand , at the broken pen clutched in my fist .
tr	PAST	All clear , Kaden reported .
tr	PAST	The Seekers , in turn , utilized their records of military strategy and defense and recruited soldiers .
tr	PAST	He too bore a look of mistrust .
tr	PRES	Marae stands in front of one of the control panels .
tr	PAST	She toyed with the idea of talking to her sister , of telling her that seeking a long-distance cure for a broken heart didn 't work .
tr	PRES	I murmur against her neck .
tr	PAST	His touch lingered for a moment , a surprisingly tender gesture , then he turned to Shea .
tr	PRES	""" Can you hazard a guess as to when this was written , Herb ? """
tr	PAST	He slowed his steps for Beth , who was plump with child , as they entered the house .
tr	PRES	""" God , she 's beautiful , "" Markus whispers to his back row comrades ."
tr	PRES	Your final defeat lies within her control .
tr	PRES	I giggled , why was I treating this like some form of medieval torture ?
tr	PAST	The big Mercedes limousine provided a surprisingly comfortable ride .
tr	PAST	I groped my hand upward to touch the sky .
tr	PAST	What I desired and where my dreams laid .
tr	PRES	And then he sees me .
tr	PRES	After coffee and breakfast , I lean back on the couch and pull Elle into my side .
tr	PRES	After a moment , he opens his mouth and his voice cracks .
tr	PAST	""" Wait for it , "" she advised ."
tr	PAST	He immediately slowed his thrusts .
tr	PRES	Honor whispered , the horror in her face making her green eyes shine with tears .
tr	PRES	Rob holds tightly to Chloe and speaks around their embrace .
tr	PAST	I giggled and shook my head .
tr	PRES	Hi there Robbie , at last a friendly face .
tr	PAST	I clap Gage on the shoulder , letting him know he has my sympathy .
tr	PRES	He stops , drops to his elbows .
tr	PRES	""" Six towns , six deaths , all by natural causes , all within the past eighteen months or so ."
tr	PAST	A high-pitched squeal from the PA system pierced through the room .
tr	PAST	The sniffed at his fingers and started to rub against his hands to get him to pet them .
tr	PAST	""" Never mind , "" Hal mumbled softly as he shifted his loaded down weapons belt ."
tr	PAST	"I scrolled down the list of files and clicked on the one entitled "" Red Death "" ."
tr	PRES	"They belong to her , after all . """
tr	PRES	""" Sorry about that , "" I mutter ."
tr	PAST	She stomped her foot , then turned on her heel and left him .
tr	PRES	"So , he completely trusts you to come over here and spend the weekend in a house without adult supervision ? """
tr	PAST	Merritt motioned for a waitress to come and open a new bottle .
tr	PAST	Laughter floated from the rink as they moved toward it .
tr	PRES	In the afternoon , she brings them a pot of brewed tea and some lemon slices .
tr	PRES	The OPEN sign buzzes to life in the Santo 's window as I walk inside .
tr	PRES	Warner 's face clears .
tr	PRES	Kimber smiled brilliantly , her eyes still watery .
tr	PRES	""" How brave of him . """
tr	PAST	Bur suddenly exclaimed , dancing around the baffled teenager .
tr	PAST	Now Murdoch cuffed it .
tr	PAST	She freed the blade , and then moved back before delivering a final blow to make sure the bastard was truly finished .
tr	PRES	""" Lady Julienne , your beauty steals the breath from me . """
tr	PRES	""" Since when are things not dramatic . """
tr	PRES	Brielle pushes me into the clearance rack at the mall .
tr	PAST	"That kiss proved what I 've suspected for months and we 're not going to back away from it . """
tr	PRES	Initially I chalked this up to semantics and went on with my life .
tr	PRES	Joy wove the bread stick between her fingers with amazing dexterity .
tr	PAST	So he berated himself for his quick decision to make her his wife , which would be exactly what she wanted .
tr	PRES	""" It 's my vanity , "" he teased in a low voice ."
tr	PAST	Leah squealed and then did an interesting dance of excitement with Taylor .
tr	PRES	""" As it stands ... . . """
tr	PRES	I hesitate , eyeing the bar , and the Vampires sitting on the barstools .
tr	PAST	Then Amber stormed out of the bedroom and back downstairs .
tr	PRES	Reagan reaches across me , and I realize she 's reaching for a condom .
tr	PAST	""" And , "" he said with a flourish , "" I even scored us some dessert . """
tr	PRES	"Arik loves me . """
tr	PAST	I regained consciousness as my bare feet hit stone .
tr	PAST	James tugged at Adriana 's arm telling her that he thought he knew the guitarist .
tr	PAST	""" I wan na brownie , "" the little girl shrieked ."
tr	PRES	"Go celebrate with him . """
tr	PAST	I slowed down , glancing over my shoulder .
tr	PRES	She strikes blindly at him with her free hand .
va	PAST	I darted in and out .
va	PRES	""" What about Afghanistan ? """
va	PRES	""" What about spaghetti ? """
va	PRES	He pulls back with a low groan and I want him to take his shirt off .
va	PAST	She positioned herself near his head and extended her hand .
va	PAST	""" You assent to my arrangement , then ? """
va	PAST	Bowe sprinted as fast as his wounds would allow , leaping over fallen trees .
va	PAST	The boy flushed to the roots of his yellow hair , clearly embarrassed that he had obviously been reported on .
va	PAST	Powerhouse scowled at the closed shutters .
va	PRES	"I  ll take you to your sleeping quarters , "" she responds ."
va	PAST	I drifted up and down the beach , cheating wherever it was necessary , and we finished about ten of those ships in just under six weeks .
va	PRES	""" Although I thank you for defending my honor . """
va	PAST	"She arched an eyebrow at his arrogance . "" '"
va	PRES	She looked at Max and held out her hand , palm upwards .
va	PAST	Jax flinched at the discordant notes , but he didn 't say anything .
va	PAST	She arched a brow .
va	PRES	He tells them about the front door being bolted .
va	PRES	Then , once they were in some weird formation , the front vehicle emitted a sound .
va	PAST	Cindi straightened up , a little tense .
va	PAST	He swatted at the barrels of the two guns , tipping them toward the ceiling just as the girl pulled the triggers .
va	PAST	"Life Inside "" What 's it like Lina ? """
va	PRES	My blood boils just thinking about it , so I change the subject .
va	PAST	Verity staggered back against the tapestry , unable to find her balance with her weak ankle .
va	PRES	"They shimmer like I do . """
va	PRES	When Meriwether was asked to choose a professional course of study , he carefully researched available colleges .
va	PRES	""" All the operators at their screens ."
va	PAST	My hug lasted a little longer , had a little tighter squeeze at the end .
va	PRES	""" Love , "" Elizabeth spat ."
va	PAST	One wall contained a long workbench with drawers beneath it and the rest of the place held everything from shovels to snowplows .
va	PAST	I pivoted on my heel and saw two men standing in the doorway , one with his arm cocked , ready to throw another spear .
va	PAST	He suspected she wanted to know what he was really doing here , how long he 'd be staying .
va	PAST	At some point , I drifted to sleep like that , only to be woken up about an hour later .
va	PAST	He clarified his question when Roger looked confused .
va	PAST	The Whisper cautioned the rest .
va	PAST	His wolf hummed his approval as the mating hormone flooded his veins .
va	PRES	I raise the sun high over head .
va	PAST	The elder man snorted .
va	PRES	He never tells Seth much of anything .
va	PAST	Gray herded the others away , leaving the cleanup to the approaching emergency crews .
va	PAST	""" That seems to be a popular excuse with you , "" I drawled ."
va	PRES	Justin grit his teeth .
va	PAST	I always suspected that girls found me boring , uninteresting , given to talking about myself .
va	PAST	I cursed and sped up .
va	PRES	He reached out , fingers blurring .
va	PAST	I registered this only subliminally .
va	PRES	His lips feathered over hers .
va	PAST	Hooked the post clean , popped the wheel and out springs all the bearings .
va	PRES	And we intend to find out who it is .
va	PRES	' ... convinced me to devote the rest of my short life to destroying what I helped create and helped thrive . '
va	PAST	""" I 'm not like the others , "" I proclaimed ."
va	PRES	Good to hear from you Toni .
va	PRES	Our legs tangle , our chests collide , and the tip of his tongue runs along my lips until I open my mouth and let him in .
va	PRES	Luca hops off the bike on his boot side and waits for me to get under his arm .
va	PRES	""" You are very correct , son , "" my Daddy pats his hair ."
va	PRES	""" We know , Mrs. Davies ."
va	PAST	The bullet had just grazed his forearm .
va	PRES	You are a versatile man , this room clearly indicates it .
va	PAST	From the moment Morris and I explained what had happened , anger and tension seeped into every room in the sprawling house .
va	PRES	A handsome one , certainly , but in reality , harmless .
va	PAST	Reaching out , his mind encountered nobody nearby .
va	PRES	He heated stones , pushed them inside , and sprinkled water over them until the hut filled with steam .
va	PAST	Lynn fired into the ceiling .
va	PRES	""" Way to go , huh ?"
va	PAST	In a kind of demented terror , Tolland tore through the scattered contents of the overturned sled .
va	PAST	Dylan 's eyes glinted .
va	PAST	I rounded the last seat back to face Doug .
va	PAST	""" He 's not that great , "" Grady grumbled , knowing he was lying ."
va	PAST	""" Come out , coward , "" he commanded ."
va	PAST	She applied a touch of mascara and stepped back to regard me , apparently satisfied with the result .
va	PAST	Without reaching for his coat , he flipped up the flannel collar of his shirt and headed for the hospital .
va	PRES	I poke her side which wakes her up and thus a tickle war rages on !
va	PRES	While stopped at a red light , another cab pulls past us , running the light and is hit by a pickup truck .
va	PRES	I shiver as her icy tone saps any spring warmth from the air .
va	PAST	""" Mom , "" Jonathan whined , "" Robert 's lying again !"
va	PRES	Before you come , could you stop by Martin 's and bring me some different colored stick-on labels .
va	PAST	His fingers dug into her flesh beneath the layers of fabric she wore , and pain shot down her arm .
va	PRES	When my wife left , things calmed down for my son and me .
va	PAST	He elevated one brow .
va	PAST	Out of the corner of his eyes , he noted that the Empress was hardly moving .
va	PAST	We 'd drawn the attention of the crowd , and people were shuffling closer , their interest piqued by the prospect of a cat fight .
va	PAST	He wiggled his feet and realized he was indeed wearing both shoes .
va	PRES	River narrows his eyes , trying to gauge my reaction .
va	PAST	I popped forward and kissed him quickly .
va	PRES	"The most pathetic thing I 've ever heard was this half demon , half god who - "" "" Jesse ! """
va	PAST	""" One can see things fifty miles away , "" he informed us ."
va	PAST	As she was loaded onto a stretcher , her eyes flipped open .
va	PAST	The big man delivered a heavy blow to Mike 's head and dropped him on the floor .
va	PAST	""" I 'll be a polite as I can be , "" Karla assured him ."
va	PRES	That kind of love reminds me of the human I once was .
va	PRES	""" Not for myself , Inspector ."
va	PRES	In fact , I don  t hate him , I despise him .
va	PRES	His mouth instantly crashes into mine in an all-consuming kiss that weakens my knees and explodes my heart .
va	PAST	Kali longed to sleep , but couldn 't .
va	PAST	Matt suppressed a humorless chuckle to himself .
va	PAST	She clamped her hands over her mouth as she exploded into sobs .
va	PAST	I clapped my hands over my ears , wondering how Logan could stand being so close to that awful noise .
va	PAST	She shuddered , wrapping her arms tight around herself .
va	PAST	""" A little before Juliet seduced Eric into cooperating . """
va	PAST	The mate bond warmed her , tried to soothe her hurts .
va	PRES	Daniel studies his son .
va	PRES	""" I 'm more than OK , "" I assure him ."
va	PRES	Derrick runs over to Dane and extinguishes the flames with his hands .
va	PRES	Her entire face explodes a bright shade of pink as she continues to hack out a laugh .
va	PAST	He winked at me .
va	PAST	I cupped her breast as she tipped her head back .
va	PAST	Later that week she attached the report , photographs and immigration findings in her weekly email to George .
va	PAST	In the next moment , she 'd scrambled off him .
va	PRES	""" Amen to that , "" Marie responds automatically ."
va	PRES	He pulls his cheek to the side almost apologetically .
va	PAST	Cronus snatched the parchment back from Bloom with a groan and pulled a pencil from his pocket .
va	PAST	Soft , disbelieving laughter seeped from him .
va	PRES	""" As soon as the sun sets . """
va	PAST	""" He looks a little hungry , "" Blue commented ."
va	PRES	Noah 's expression hardened .
va	PAST	He straightened his face at once .
va	PRES	The drums were still beating , louder now , the sound pummeling my skin .
va	PRES	""" Leave my study , Monica , "" he mumbles , his voice shaky ."
va	PRES	""" Hell , we owe it to society . """
va	PRES	""" Look here , one hundred and twenty years ago , reports of the plague being situated as far as Cairo ."
va	PRES	Hot anger stings , he thought , but it 's cold anger that kills .
va	PAST	She poked Guy playfully in the side with her elbow .
va	PRES	My brain jumps to the millions of projects it would take to make a place like this look new .
va	PAST	She moaned , the sound harsh and full of fear .
va	PAST	With his mouth and hands he fed her desire , a heaping spoonful at a time , until there was no space left for more .
va	PRES	Military MRE packs , rifle magazines and a small com radio , though its housing appeared damaged .
va	PRES	He spat dirt out of his mouth then spoke into the floor .
va	PRES	"It doesn "" t take many people to turn a worried , anxious crowd into a mob ."
va	PAST	Finally it popped up , sending him sprawling outside onto his chest .
va	PAST	The vamps bared their fangs , their faces twisted at the intrusion into their lair .
va	PRES	"That guy ... the Old One ... he grabbed me , and -- "" "" Rafael ?"
va	PRES	"After all this , they owe us some rec time . """
va	PRES	"No abrupt thrusts okay ? """
va	PRES	""" Good luck , "" Joyce tells the reporter , stepping up to the outside door ."
va	PAST	""" Don 't worry , I have a plan , "" he assured her ."
va	PAST	""" Lucky me , "" I drawled ."
va	PRES	"And a girl rides them ! """
va	PAST	Her eyes closed , she dipped her head to make sure her hair was completely wet .
va	PAST	She winced openly , gritting her teeth .
va	PAST	While drowning his sorrows , James hummed along with the familiar songs .
va	PAST	A high-pitched roar erupted from the old electric motor .
va	PRES	Reece slips his shoes and his jacket on and slips out the front door .
va	PRES	She nudges me with her elbow .
va	PRES	""" You disgrace the name of Shadowhunters everywhere . """
va	PRES	He gestures toward Chloe 's house .
va	PRES	"Think you can get your dog to let go of my towel ? """
va	PRES	Or a chastity belt .
va	PAST	Sighing with exasperation , I poked his arm and asked again .
va	PAST	We embraced and rolled wildly over and over in the warm white sand .
va	PAST	She smirked right back , lifting an eyebrow .
va	PAST	Sam grimaced at Alex 's irritated tone and turned with a forced smile .
va	PRES	""" Uh huh . """
va	PAST	Pigeons erupted from their roosts as he sped past , the other rats trailing behind him .
va	PAST	Catching her turn of phrase , she blushed .
va	PAST	He poked it again , using the pitchfork to open what appeared to be nothing more than a wad of cloaks and blankets .
va	PRES	He wipes a few tears away before he starts to lean in .
va	PAST	Her voice ached with longing .
va	PAST	Something her father always said bubbled up from memory .
va	PRES	""" Sounds like fun !"
va	PAST	Remnants of her orgasm glinted in the faint bathroom light .
va	PAST	He poked her stomach and shook his head .
va	PAST	I cupped her face in my hands as she quietly sobbed and for once I didn 't feel any guilt for her tears .
va	PRES	He guided her to sit back on the couch , took her arm , and finished the stitching while she tried not to scream .
va	PRES	And because , I  m guessing , we  re nearing our destination .
va	PRES	As for me , I prefer laughing .
va	PAST	The young lady 's eyes fluttered open , and she passed a glance at her companion .
va	PRES	CHAPTER 8 I felt somewhat calm after the second blood bag and rinsed out my coffee mug and set it in the dish drainer .
va	PAST	He escorted us to the Court Room where the trials would take place .
va	PAST	Hanna peeked over his shoulder ; it was an article about Tucker Wilkinson and how much money he gave to charities .
va	PAST	The Warehouse Arts District occupied a relatively recent section of urban renewal near the river .
va	PRES	Ethan speaks over me , and it gets my back up all over again .
va	PAST	Breathing hard and waiting for the pain in his knuckles to subside enough for him to gage the situation , Abraham trembled with raw adrenaline .
va	PAST	Emily whirled around and glared at Aria .
va	PAST	Yet he raped the Earth , the sea and sand And coveted his neighbour 's land and sought to subjugate .
va	PAST	Two dogs trotted back and forth in a cage not far from the Enlightenment Hall .
va	PRES	""" And just before winter ."
va	PAST	She splashed cold water on her face and brushed her teeth before undressing .
va	PRES	"That 's not your call alone , "" I spat ."
va	PRES	I concentrate on the wounded one , aiming a powerful roundhouse kick at what would be its ribs in a normal mammalian creature .
va	PAST	When she left to use the restroom I texted Macon .
va	PRES	"All my dogs in a row . """
va	PAST	Wallis blushed with shame .
va	PAST	""" Yet , you hired him . """
va	PRES	""" Right , I 'm just going to let you wander around at night alone . """
va	PRES	They hid their laboratory away from prying eyes .
va	PRES	Livvy peppers me with questions .
va	PRES	""" Chocolate chip pancakes ? """
va	PRES	""" It always matters ."
va	PAST	The log crackled loudly sending a bright flare into the room and the cat yawned .
va	PAST	"Even if she 's threatened to . """
va	PRES	( She moves quickly to the far side of the desk ) No , no .
va	PAST	The fur slowly melted from the beast 's body .
va	PAST	Guy snorted and shook his head .
va	PRES	"When I put it back to my ear , I say , "" My roommate locks me out on a regular basis ."
va	PRES	The cow knocks over the lantern .
va	PRES	I manage to get out in a hoarse whisper .
va	PAST	Something about the intensity in his blue eyes captivated me .
va	PRES	Despair haunts the steps of the common people .
va	PRES	""" Why when he wakes up ?"
va	PAST	Tears stream down my cheeks again , but my body makes no sound .
va	PRES	""" That was the deal , "" he reminds me ."
va	PRES	"Three days after Evie agrees to marry me , I destroy her with a sentence : "" I 've signed up . """
va	PRES	Amy 's mouth drops open , but no sound comes out .
va	PAST	I jammed the tool between the wall and the panel that covered the locking mechanism .
va	PRES	His voice echoes over to where I stand in a stupid trance ... glaring at the rain .
va	PRES	""" Or Neo Nazis . """
va	PRES	""" I du n no ."
va	PRES	He feathered kisses down her throat , his mouth traveling to the tip of her inviting breast .
va	PRES	""" Yes , it matters ."
va	PRES	The shock , even more than the pain , wakes me up , kicks my body into motion .
va	PAST	He spat at him , with the rage of a control freak that has just lost it .
va	PRES	Which leads to 3 .
va	PRES	He responds with a groan .
va	PAST	Despite the spitfire attitude he 'd witnessed all morning , her hesitation hinted at a shy side , captivating him even more .
va	PAST	I resisted the urge to self-consciously touch my shoulder length hair and steeled myself for whatever was about to happen .
va	PAST	He suspected the villagers would either be dead or evil .
va	PAST	He wandered his days like a ghost .
va	PAST	""" I will , "" the man whined and named his price ."
va	PRES	Dante grabs my arm , then breaks into a sprint .
va	PAST	When he saw me , he clamped his mouth shut .
va	PRES	""" How noble . """
va	PRES	The knowledge You now possess marks You for prompt execution .
va	PAST	On one side of the park , traffic surged over the aging , high-flying Gardiner .
va	PAST	The ocean lapped against the Elemental with an easy , soothing rhythm , as if nothing at all had happened .
va	PRES	For that matter , I suggest you keep a wary eye on this prince .
va	PRES	Movement of any kind wakes me .
va	PAST	Her eyes drifted to the floor with shame .
va	PAST	Ted squirmed in his sleep , lifting a hand to his brow as he obeyed .
va	PAST	In fact , her very posture implied ... Goodness , no .
va	PRES	D.H. Lawrence For , behold , I create new heavens and a new earth .
va	PRES	It transports you instantly from one place to another by means of your passing through it .
va	PRES	"No such luck , though , huh ? """
va	PAST	He scrambled toward the back door and tried to rip it open , but the impact of the crash had jammed it shut .
va	PAST	""" This place is much bigger than ours , "" I commented as we gazed around the crowded common room and kitchen ."
va	PRES	Aria screams at her .
va	PAST	Irony maintained her equality campaign .
va	PAST	""" Do not be afraid , "" admonished a deep voice ."
va	PRES	""" Shall we hike up the hill and see what we can before dark settles in ."
va	PAST	I toss the cushions back in place hurriedly .
va	PRES	I squeeze the bridge of my nose , wishing I could curtail the increasing throb I feel behind my eyes .
va	PRES	She finishes lowering my zipper and peels back both sides of the fabric .
va	PRES	""" I tend to always err a little too much on the side of morality ."
va	PAST	Stray feathers marked it as a former chicken coop .
va	PAST	He slung an assault rifle over his shoulder and thought the icy chill of the metal felt respectable .
va	PAST	My cheeks warmed and I looked out to the feeder .
va	PRES	' Who cares ? '
va	PAST	The buzz of office noise flooded the interrogation room as the door slammed open and Eliot appeared in the doorway .
va	PRES	But I rather suspect that until the murder of Anthony Ortega is solved , he will be looking for you .
va	PAST	Kelly , whom Liza never thought of as shy , blushed at the admission .
va	PAST	He clutched it in his hand , then patted the back of Ty 's neck , pulling his head to press their foreheads together .
va	PAST	""" That 's a lie , "" Connelly informed him ."
va	PRES	The sense that everything 's connected on some level I can 't grasp haunts me .
va	PAST	Cool stone dug into her bare back , but she didn 't care .
va	PAST	Immediately , ice encased the ground beneath her hand , spreading with extraordinary speed across the stone toward the oncoming Cobra .
va	PRES	""" Did Dr. Gallo grant these requests for H9 very often ? """
va	PAST	He arched up into her , going even deeper inside .
va	PRES	"No one seeks to gain power over the rest ? """
va	PAST	At football practice , the anger fueled my game and I took it out on some of the players .
va	PRES	Sophia 's gaze lowers to my resume as I 'm speaking .
va	PAST	Without warning , he whirled round and pointed at the lake .
va	PAST	""" Things won 't always be alright , Derek , "" Vivienne enthused ."
va	PRES	She sets the manuscript back in the drawer and gently slides it shut .
va	PAST	She yanked on his hair and screamed for mercy as he sent another finger in to join the first .
va	PRES	For a moment she struggles over the waves , and then she is swimming .
va	PAST	She counted a total of nine men headed south in groups of two or three in those three days .
va	PRES	""" And I presume this is where one might find Miss Adeline Broxton , hmm ? """
va	PAST	Dan 's posture straightened when she entered the room .
va	PRES	Aidan yells , causing my ears to ring .
va	PRES	""" That you  re here to destroy our planet . """
va	PAST	Rachael raced back down the hallway .
va	PAST	"Brian contacted Karen without prior notice or approval from you . """
va	PAST	I scratched at my skin till it became sore .
va	PRES	""" Of course , "" mumbles Serena ."
va	PAST	I scanned their faces but they refused to make eye contact with me and I realized that Taylor was staring each down in silent threat .
va	PRES	"If they 're on lockdown ... "" "" A foreign god in their domain is an ugly thing . """
va	PRES	""" We suspect that it was a heart attack ."
va	PRES	"And your ghost . """
va	PAST	Smoke billowed around the windows and I screamed , adding my voice to the shrieking behind me .
va	PRES	They tend to use sex as a bit of relaxation after the heat of competition .
va	PAST	Two ghastly puncture wounds over her jugular seeped blood , forming a pool all over Dixon 's bedspread .
va	PAST	Vee lugged me to the side of the house , out of sight .
va	PAST	She arched a brow .
va	PRES	""" Miss Barstow , "" the handler repeats as he grabs for something at his waist ."
va	PRES	""" Oh , don 't be bashful , Gerald ."
va	PAST	He tore his mouth away to tug his gloves off with his teeth .
va	PRES	Callum also hid his reaction and turned to Sonia .
va	PRES	""" Minor injuries only . """
va	PRES	"Everyone ignores it , but they can all smell it . """
va	PRES	Life ends , and there 's death , waiting .
va	PRES	""" Effectively blurring the jurisdiction line . """
va	PAST	Before Murdoch could even formulate a response to this , Nikolai delivered yet another bombshell .
va	PRES	Not because he betrayed me .
va	PRES	""" His math ... "" "" We can do it after dinner ! """
va	PRES	She runs the pad of her thumb over the sharp point .
va	PRES	Hmm , his voice blankets me ... I feel so warm , so safe , and he smells familiar .
va	PAST	"He conceded , "" Good night , "" and went to sleep ."
va	PRES	It creates a new species .
va	PRES	She 'd shared her emotions , her doubts and fears .
va	PRES	""" When I was on your lap , riding you ."
va	PAST	The tiny light expanded to blot out the flame .
va	PAST	""" Don 't you remember the last thing Maksim wrote ?"
va	PRES	It loops around twice as we stand in silence .
va	PAST	Firstly he booted up the neat console and accessed summaries of the bridge reports .
va	PAST	My stomach lurched , and I found myself keeping my distance from her .
va	PRES	A chorus of cracks and crunches shoots through me as my back greets the earth and Julie 's weight flattens my chest .
va	PAST	The guard on the flank of each squad marched across the marble floor and stood next to the wooden doors .
va	PAST	Everything Sasuke did resurfaced in my mind all of sudden .
va	PRES	Heat flares within me and I dry quickly .
va	PRES	The reactor flares and begins to hum .
va	PRES	""" Just so you know , "" she mumbles as she drifts off to sleep ."
va	PRES	If possible , her eyes harden even further .
va	PAST	Their trail dipped down a bit , and for about ten yards it went under muddy water .
va	PAST	"I printed out reports for all of them , stuffed them into metered school envelopes , and then put then in the mailbox . """
va	PRES	"Kneeling by the bed , he wiped her cheeks with his thumb and whispered , "" Joni . """
va	PRES	Quickly focusing the swirling darkness into a concentrated beam , he fires a colossal blast of energy , tearing open the dimensional doorway to the Sacred Realm .
va	PRES	At whose command do you hunt Orcs in our land ? ' '
va	PAST	I straightened my posture .
va	PAST	Samara quickly surveyed escape options but found a huge rubber gasket provided a tight seal between the trailer and the building .
va	PRES	The burning runs up my knee , and his eyes are level with mine , his face closer than ever before .
va	PRES	Francesca waits for a reply but doesn 't get one .
va	PAST	When he took it from my fingers , I noted the blood on his knuckles and gasped .
va	PRES	""" Yes , pages of them . """
va	PAST	""" I assure you that I am in top health ."
va	PAST	Emeline noted that the wardrobe could certainly be improved .
va	PAST	She resisted the desire to kick him in the shins , struggling for serenity instead .
va	PRES	He seeks to steal what you merely mimic .
va	PRES	His eyes sharpened on her with ... interest ?
va	PAST	"I conceived of these witnesses as set apart , incorruptible , unaccountable , but on the side of the good , the merciful , the protective . """
va	PAST	A single tear streaked down her cheek .
va	PRES	""" Then kick her out of the movie ."
va	PRES	""" It depends , "" he finally responds ."
va	PRES	Dad lying face down on the blood soaked rug drops me to my knees .
va	PAST	The evening lasted a bit longer than expected , and she noticed a few stifled yawns during her second stint on the violin .
va	PAST	Sunny gently nudged her to one side to get a better look .
va	PAST	I wrote that last one the night before I met her at the bowling alley .
va	PAST	Shaking her head in wonder , she retraced her steps to the cottage .
va	PRES	"Chin lowering , she said , "" I ... performed a little ... rite . """
va	PRES	' Poor old devil .
va	PAST	Alaric and Jake crammed in with the Black Watch , who insisted on traveling last .
va	PAST	Sean cursed and backed the hell away from them .
va	PRES	"In your own room , of course , "" he adds ."
va	PAST	""" Cornelius fulfilled the terms of our agreement ."
va	PRES	Danica smacks him over the head and points at him .
va	PAST	""" Do we really have to go back to Starved Rock , "" I whined ."
va	PRES	I jerk my leg away .
va	PRES	It fools him , the apparent lassitude of his quarry .
va	PRES	And Manfred Bernardo realizes he 's moved to the right place .
va	PRES	She believes herself a teller of modern Arabian nights , but there is no open sesame for her cell .
va	PAST	While many of Melanie 's friends had turned to teaching voice or dance for their income , Melanie had always shunned the idea .
va	PAST	I bristled , but I forced my tongue silent .
va	PRES	"Such a tempting treat ? """
va	PRES	He picks up a magazine from a coffee table just outside the closet and checks the cover .
va	PRES	The brand searches its own market .
va	PRES	For some reason that irritated him .
va	PAST	Swallowing , I paced and debated my next move .
va	PAST	I encountered a wall , followed it for a few yards , found a wide crack and slipped through .
va	PRES	""" I du n no ."
va	PAST	sister Roberta asked , with unspoken longing , staring at the hologram of deep space dotted by stars .
va	PAST	""" This is the side of you I always find so unattractive , "" James complained , struggling to reach a sitting position ."
va	PRES	"Am I mistaken ? """
va	PRES	He bites me on that sensitive spot between my shoulder and neck and I want to die .
va	PRES	""" Sorry , princess ."
va	PAST	The ' Occupy Eugene ' Army marched into Salem to empty buildings .
va	PRES	""" It 'll be your time soon , "" she tells me ."
va	PAST	""" Because we 're both attracted to each other and you wanted to get to know me better . """
va	PRES	A sob escapes my clenched teeth , opening the floodgates .
va	PRES	He drops his arms and turns around to face the lockers , hitting one of them with a flat palm .
va	PRES	""" What footprints ? """
va	PRES	""" Eva , we can 't bring a child into the world , "" he tells me painfully ."
va	PAST	Shivering , I cursed them and turned to go into the house .
va	PRES	She gestures towards the window .
va	PRES	""" No , "" I growl defiantly , the very idea of going anywhere with this new quack outrageous ."
va	PRES	He never acts like this .
va	PRES	""" Cole always tells me he has a heart , but it 's not inside him ."
va	PAST	She clattered around the kitchen for a while before bringing out a tray with two bowls and two plates on it .
va	PAST	He scowled at the lanky younger fellow with him , whose ready protest subsided instead into silent fidgets and darting sideways looks at them .
va	PAST	With a sigh , I ducked my head underwater and kicked across the pool to the other side .
va	PRES	She rests her hand on his shoulder and he smiles .
va	PRES	""" Come on , Fallon ."
va	PAST	He coughed as he inhaled it , peering through the haze at the stage .
va	PRES	I lave her gorgeous nipple , then suck it into my mouth .
va	PRES	He rubs his fingers together , asking for the twenty bucks I owe him .
va	PAST	Releasing the bonds that strapped her legs to his , he flipped her between one pump of his wings and the next so they were now face-to-face .
va	PRES	One of the biggest regrets of my life ... Still , our days of happiness went on , passing by one after the other .
va	PRES	""" Dark and dangerous , huh ? """
va	PAST	My attention veered to the surrounding furniture .
va	PRES	My lips stretch into a smile .
va	PRES	""" No prisoners ? """
va	PRES	Gut instinct tells me that she doesn 't relax around strangers often , if anything it is very hard for her to do .
va	PAST	Addy suspected there was trouble in paradise again .
va	PRES	""" Dammit , Kay ... "" He raked a hand through his hair ."
va	PAST	Next the Paramedics tended to Daddy .
va	PRES	""" And that includes the ones on my car . """
va	PAST	It jarred the man loose .
va	PRES	"He writes lyrics on his phone ! """
va	PAST	""" Becca , oh my God , Becca , "" Marshall moaned ."
va	PAST	Her long red gold hair framing a perfectly oval face with creamy skin dotted with small freckles and green eyes wild like uncut gems .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down her face .
va	PRES	The tree burns red hot , crackling loudly , as charred embers fill their nostrils .
va	PAST	Her dress swished around her ankles as she walked .
va	PAST	I winced with each syllable .
va	PRES	Her body responds , yet here face is as barren as a statue -- all except for the eyes .
va	PAST	Both Tony Fisher , Quin 's best man , and Jade delivered moving readings about love and marriage .
va	PAST	She moaned as her entire body tightened .
va	PRES	"Despair crashes over me as I say , "" Fine , I 'll back off . """
va	PAST	I thumbed through it to the P 's .
va	PAST	As Edwin fumbled with the envelope his pulse quickened , and his head began to throb .
va	PRES	"Think we 're even now ? """
va	PAST	He coughed , tasting salt and blood in his mouth .
va	PAST	Tim 's mind raced .
va	PRES	He views her , frowning with disappointment .
va	PRES	My heart hops inside my chest , but before I can do anything , it 's over .
va	PRES	""" Oh God , it burns . """
va	PAST	All your dreams will come true , the ad copy assured her .
va	PRES	""" Uh huh . """
va	PAST	""" You will do no such thing , "" his father threatened , but Matthew could see that the older man had lost the fight in him ."
va	PAST	He scrambled up to the windshield before the driver could shake him off .
va	PRES	""" You 're not a disappointment , "" she tells me as she strokes my hair ."
va	PRES	In the near distance runs a river of bubbling lava .
va	PAST	She tended bar at the Biergarten on weekends .
va	PAST	Into the depth of the snow that had been drifted there , by the nonstop wind at that point .
va	PAST	Elena yanked away as soon as his grip weakened .
va	PAST	She staggered , leaned into Lucan and then righted herself .
va	PAST	""" Alright ... "" Seth rounded another corner and Erin 's taillights came into view a couple of blocks ahead of them ."
va	PRES	Mom pulls away , before touching Kira 's hair .
va	PRES	The news squeezes my chest , and my voice waivers .
va	PRES	"The nurse tilted her head and said , "" More than a few ."
va	PAST	Her neck arched as the man licked and sucked at her tender throat , his much taller body hunched over hers .
va	PRES	He almost runs into the wall of people .
va	PRES	Three knocks on the door and I know it 's Mom .
va	PAST	"Her sweet breath feathered a cascade of flaming tongues down his spine -- "" I need to go now , Natalie . """
va	PAST	I arched my hips to take him , pulling him deeper into me .
va	PAST	It reacted only to her , the one who had created it .
va	PAST	Everyone crashed shortly thereafter .
va	PRES	' No , as a soldier . '
va	PRES	Emily tilted her head and smiled at Kelsey .
va	PAST	That sneer only lasted a moment , though .
va	PRES	""" May I suggest , "" the Captain interrupted , "" That this is the dawn of a new era ."
va	PRES	""" You know , Elise ."
va	PAST	Our gazes clashed and held .
va	PAST	Stacy 's goofy mom tended to believe that the name you chose for your child could predetermine her life .
va	PAST	In sixth or seventh grade , when I was first published .
va	PRES	"He tells me it was a glorious time in those days among the Mayans and other lost civilizations . """
va	PAST	When Melissa shook her head with disappointment , I conceded , eyes rolling to the ceiling .
va	PRES	I tuck my head under his chin and lie motionless .
va	PRES	""" And we suspect that potential mothers wouldn 't choose me and my husband because of what happened to our daughter . """
va	PAST	The herd whirled and raced away from the meadow , back into the forest .
va	PAST	Her Highness staggered back to the chair and collapsed into it .
va	PAST	Luc patted my arm .
va	PAST	I tore through my cupboards and found the bottle of whiskey Allan had stashed for his own personal use .
va	PRES	""" Not so funny now , huh ? """
va	PAST	An awkward silence ensued .
va	PAST	Swinging into the driver 's seat , I gripped the joystick , elevated the truck and it hovered over towards the third shelf .
va	PRES	My dad lowers his gaze .
va	PAST	He cursed softly , wondering how he had missed finding this place before .
va	PRES	""" Staffan , lo -- "" The look of recoil on Staffan 's face brought her back to consciousness - and reality ."
va	PAST	""" He cursed me so that I would suffer whatever physical harm I inflicted on others ."
va	PAST	When Luis didn 't reply , Jase 's expression softened .
va	PRES	"Would you still seek revenge if we found that to be true ? """
va	PRES	I slam a fist into the bed when heat engulfs me , followed by hard suction .
va	PRES	Well , she shrugs , as long as the herbal mixture holds out , she doesn 't care .
va	PAST	Rubbing my hand over my swollen eyes , I scowled .
va	PAST	But in reality , it marked me as the Chosen One , the one who would eventually right the wrongs of Fate .
va	PRES	Edd scratched his head .
va	PRES	Blake pulls the car up next to a man bundled up in a thick , tan , Carhartt coat .
va	PRES	She shoots a sideways glance at me .
va	PAST	""" No , "" he moaned quietly , not wanting to wake his queen ."
va	PRES	His mouth trails off to my right shoulder and he begins to sweep across my scar line with tiny kisses , sending shivers everywhere .
va	PRES	""" Well , that settles it then ."
va	PAST	Everything inside me warmed just looking at him .
va	PRES	""" Who understands better than me ?"
va	PAST	Mr. Melamed winced , too stunned to say a word .
va	PRES	I finally manage to get my pants undone and I take off my shirt .
va	PRES	The roof slopes steeply upward , coming to a sharp point high above .
va	PAST	She tilted the candle over the wax paper package and dripped hot wax along its edge .
va	PRES	He pulls a scrap of paper from his pocket and the pen from behind his ear .
va	PRES	We suffer those witches to live because now and then they can cure .
va	PRES	His hand slips into mine as his gaze travels to Robin 's parents .
va	PAST	Each splash to the ground ricocheted in my ears .
va	PAST	She staggered her way to the window and leaned against the sill , staring toward Shinra Mansion with burning eyes .
va	PRES	""" Well , the police are your friend , Mr. - uh ... "" "" Corwin ."
va	PAST	Thane scrambled away from Kendra 's body .
va	PRES	I exclaim , rubbing my elbow as an eruption of giggles flutter through the room .
va	PAST	She wrote that Phil was enjoying his new coaching job , and that they were planning a second honeymoon trip to Disney World .
va	PAST	"That prompted him to say , "" Would you like a cup of coffee ? """
va	PRES	Certain conditions depend on the body 's production of enzymes .
va	PRES	""" Yes it matters ."
va	PRES	His eyes were cold , his voice colder .
va	PRES	Not this matchmaking business , but being behind the counter , talking to people .
va	PAST	He scrubbed a hand over his scowl .
va	PAST	Jim fired a shot into the air for emphasis .
va	PRES	"No one realizes how shy I really am . """
va	PAST	I sort of stalled and said I was only the girlfriend , and I didn 't know where the band held its auditions .
va	PAST	This man challenged me in a way I 'd never been challenged .
va	PRES	We  re their guests .
va	PAST	He switched off the light .
va	PRES	After a few fumbled attempts , I manage to meet him head on each time he lunges forward .
va	PAST	And I suspected I already knew what might work .
va	PAST	I snuggled deeper into his embrace .
va	PRES	The bus driver impatiently instructs the old woman to step behind the yellow line .
va	PAST	John just winked at me .
va	PRES	""" I love you , girl , "" he tells her ."
va	PAST	Clay hired him on the spot for $ 75,000 a year .
va	PRES	Nicole catches on quickly and nods .
va	PAST	Another earthquake swelled up from below like an underground train exploding upward .
va	PRES	This action adds a Tier to your account .
va	PRES	And that shuts me up .
va	PRES	It really boils down to the fact that our personal issues conflict .
va	PRES	""" Bruce , where is he , "" I repeat ."
va	PAST	As they moved closer to her , the trees parted enough for them to see another farmhouse with at least two different entrances .
va	PRES	""" The nurse too ? """
va	PAST	Jazmine grumbled a reply and Shana realized she 'd failed again .
va	PRES	Her body trembles as she grips at the bottom of my shirt , waiting for me to kiss her back .
va	PAST	They all descended from the carriage and followed Liam along the decrepit and rotting dock .
va	PAST	- unsheathed double-edged swords and attacked .
va	PRES	We back away as Andrew speaks in a soothing voice .
va	PAST	Amelia and Allegra drifted away from the table toward their beds .
va	PRES	""" No need in us staying , huh ? """
va	PAST	He winced a little , dropped his eyes , and nodded .
va	PAST	""" Hi , Linda , "" Pigeon stammered ."
va	PAST	Stuart winked in return , and said , ' These really are some of the most beautiful flowers I 've ever seen . '
va	PRES	The windows shatter with a deafening boom and the wind screams in my ears .
va	PRES	""" Nina , what I 'm about to ask you wil be very difficult , but I need the truth . """
va	PAST	She belonged to him .
va	PRES	I squeeze Gage by the hand until Dr. Oliver gives one last snip and hands me a mirror .
va	PAST	Slowly , agonizingly so , I pieced together an image of the bedroom in my mind .
va	PAST	Lil counted out two packs three times .
va	PRES	My mouth moves toward hers .
va	PAST	""" Don 't sit back on your heels , "" Alexander commanded ."
va	PAST	""" This isn 't movie night , "" Daniel grumbled ."
va	PRES	But with Cameron , the old reckless Ainsley reared up , wanting him to undo her bodice down to her waist and take what he pleased .
va	PRES	His work ends here .
va	PAST	""" It sort of dived between her legs ."
va	PRES	It burns at me through the long night , all the guilt and failure .
va	PAST	Arron 's brows arched and his grip on Aiden tightened .
va	PRES	Science , as a discipline , when practiced honorably and with integrity , seeks the truth , seeks wisdom .
va	PAST	She maneuvered the handlebars back and forth as each gust of wind jostled her from behind and bounced the airship off course .
va	PAST	His tears trickled into her collar .
va	PRES	Shaking her head , she covers the ring on her hand , looking almost panicked .
va	PRES	""" Well I 'm headed to bed , "" Justine adds ."
va	PAST	Instead her face softened into a sadness he 'd been glimpsing regularly lately ; a sadness supporting his fears .
va	PRES	I squeeze my eyes shut and consider I may have misjudged the situation .
va	PRES	She pulls at the blood-soaked bandage , examining the injury .
va	PAST	The night sky winked above me , discarded papers and food cartons whirling on the concrete .
va	PRES	""" Until the terrible Vikings captured you , young prince . """
va	PRES	A chair scrapes against the floor and I listen as feet begin pacing the room .
va	PRES	' Yes , Perry ? '
va	PRES	I suspect this might 've been a mistake .
va	PAST	He scratched himself , he pinched himself ; still he could not think of anything .
va	PRES	Which bites , really , because I bet a tired old doctor would 've just loved to have had a patient that was almost ok with dying .
va	PRES	""" Get away from here , "" she spits at Miya ."
va	PRES	""" I - "" Jessamine took a shuddering gasp ."
va	PRES	I sometimes prefer to drive myself , so Lloyd has time on his hands .
va	PAST	Growling , I pawed the earth just as a crow swooped low , nearly clipping my ears with its wings .
va	PAST	Fight or flight , I just longed to be free of the whole situation .
va	PRES	""" What a loser ."
va	PAST	""" Actually , Marie , I 've discovered I 'm a rare kind of gal , "" she interjected as she grinned at Isaac ."
va	PRES	I tilted her head up to look at me .
va	PRES	Alex moves past me and starts to reach for Pike .
va	PRES	Cricket ties a long , white apron around his waist .
va	PRES	If one gets hurt , they all suffer the same injury , because they are the same person .
va	PRES	The mere thought of Kylie sends a thousand of desires , wants and regrets flowing through me .
va	PAST	I logged in and started going through my daily assault of emails .
va	PRES	He pulls on my hair until I stand .
va	PAST	He pivoted , and saw a woman leaning over the railing of a gorilla exhibit a few yards away .
va	PAST	I straightened to my full height and mustered all the courage I had to keep myself from running away from this stranger .
va	PAST	I hired someone to look into your past .
va	PAST	The Jewish boy 's persistent uncle now loomed large at his side .
va	PAST	She edged away from the precipice toward Larry .
va	PRES	His breath catches in his throat , his eyes glued to the ceiling as he struggles with something internally .
va	PRES	She lowers her eyes and I know that I 'm missing something .
va	PRES	""" Damn creepy buggers ."
va	PRES	The last line stabs Geist somewhere deep beyond his flesh , his expression twitching in a momentary submission to anger .
va	PAST	She introduced herself to the location scout and asked about the house and the town with the frightful name .
va	PAST	Pure white flowers with large petals and pink centers peppered the path , giving off a fragrance that was like orange blossoms mixed with vanilla .
va	PAST	Liza winced , remembering yesterday 's awkward incident .
va	PRES	After that diatribe about smart people , he drops modern-day technology onto the ground outside of the office of one of the smartest men on earth .
va	PAST	""" I haven 't heard it , "" Will interjected ."
va	PAST	Then she flipped open her cell to make a call .
va	PAST	Even her feet ached .
va	PRES	I spat back at him .
va	PAST	Once again , it fluttered in the sky , uncertain .
va	PRES	""" The whole mouthful ? """
va	PAST	She surrendered , laying all her emotions on the table .
va	PAST	""" I 'll dine in my chamber , behind a locked door , or not at all , "" she informed him ."
va	PAST	She grimaced , marring that gorgeous face for just a moment .
va	PAST	I inserted the new firing pins for sure fire , and new barrels for extra accurate aim .
va	PRES	""" Deny him hospitality and throw him out . """
va	PRES	Something flickers in his eyes .
va	PRES	I grunt and watch for a minute , wondering if he 's going to buy the shit she 's shoveling .
va	PRES	Dread swells inside me , heavy as lead .
va	PRES	""" To the library ? """
va	PRES	These other time travelers zip around and change stuff all the time .
va	PRES	""" She runs ... you shoot her . """
va	PAST	I could hide in the bushes and stare at people -- God , I just creeped myself out .
va	PRES	""" May I introduce Mia Turner ."
va	PRES	Cole slowly moves on top of me , leaning all his weight on one arm .
va	PAST	""" I borrowed two thousand dollars from my brothers ' parents . """
va	PAST	Seth arched an eyebrow .
va	PRES	Nothing pleases me more .
va	PAST	Mitch scanned the documents and signed off on each .
va	PAST	As it drew closer to the bed , the observers noted the animal 's milky glazed eyes and the smell , sweet heaven , the smell .
va	PRES	His head whips toward me and his voice is strained .
va	PRES	A flutter of excitement and nerves trembles in my stomach .
va	PRES	An unfamiliar voice responds .
va	PRES	""" Their contesting the Will "" her voice rattled as she spoke ."
va	PRES	My heart aches because it is the same look I gave my dad just a few minutes ago .
va	PAST	My hands trembled and sweat beaded on my brow , but I couldn 't let him have the upper hand .
va	PRES	I release a breath as I floor the car , even though the Challenger is still stalled .
va	PRES	Still , most Houses prefer that the head of the House have at least two additional children .
va	PAST	He smirked at the desperation in my voice , my clenched teeth .
va	PRES	Her mane the color of fresh snow .
va	PRES	"Jones speaks again in the same steady voice : "" There would appear to be no alternative : you are surrounded ."
va	PAST	Then she precisely plotted these locations on her site plan .
va	PAST	"He scratched his belly looking across the room and then said , "" oh yeah I remember now . """
va	PRES	""" Although there are spiders downstairs ."
va	PRES	""" Blast it , Hannah ."
va	PAST	His muscles contracted and he sprinted toward the porch while dialing 9-1-1 on his cell to call the fire department .
va	PAST	To her surprise and intense relief , the soil above her parted neatly to reveal the high ceiling of the cavern .
va	PAST	I staggered out into the moonlight .
va	PAST	I blushed to my toes .
va	PRES	""" You at least owe me a chance to explain , especially after what your brother did . """
va	PRES	The Superior lowers my hands , but I keep my eyes closed .
va	PAST	Fear raced through my body .
va	PRES	Meredith exclaims with exasperation .
va	PAST	""" Traitor , "" I grumbled to Lowe 's back as he hurried inside ."
va	PAST	Despite me looking over my shoulder for a while after , Lance never surfaced in any way .
va	PRES	"Alright , men , halt and relax ! """
va	PAST	He ducked down behind the bar .
va	PRES	' You too , Karen .
va	PRES	Lina finally calmed and began to show the first real stages of regret .
va	PRES	"... In fact , Dan ... I 'm not sure he so much as said my name as I heard it in my head . """
va	PRES	"Do maids not have brains ? """
va	PAST	A muscle popped in Nixon 's jaw .
va	PRES	""" But where lie your royal courtiers ?"
va	PRES	"He shrugs , "" This one is ."
va	PRES	he tells me curtly , when Dawn is delivered into the passenger seat .
va	PAST	He looked down as she came , his brow creased with worry .
va	PRES	He shuts the lid on the trunk .
va	PAST	Nolen hefted the scourge in his hand .
va	PAST	Cold fear sprinkled goose bumps over Phoebe 's arms .
va	PRES	That 's not how it works , Fanny Mae tells me .
va	PAST	""" Come back , "" I croaked again , but the words rasped in my throat and I could only speak barely louder than a whisper ."
va	PAST	Behind them , the evenly spaced bars of a cage peeked out from under a canvas .
va	PRES	She reads to us every Wednesday . '
va	PRES	The man tilted his chin down .
va	PRES	""" Thanks Kris . """
va	PRES	And then he moves again , all the way up to my heated center .
va	PRES	Help convince her to give me what I want .
va	PAST	Groat patted the surprised Moist on the arm . '
va	PAST	He nervously revised his earlier thoughts .
va	PRES	""" So what are your plans for Stillwater , huh ?"
va	PRES	Go whither love leads you ; yet beware !
va	PAST	A female Stephan Hawking informed listeners to leave a message .
va	PRES	""" Velocity 0 ! """
va	PRES	He lowers his arm and starts dancing with me , spinning me until I laugh .
va	PRES	""" No I 'll quit because you don 't respect me , "" I spat ."
va	PAST	""" That 's a lot of organic soap , "" I commented ."
va	PAST	Howie inspected the tree closely , it was more than just peeling today , it looked charred .
va	PAST	And I drifted into an agonizing swoon .
va	PRES	It reminds me of the gaping hole left in our lives .
va	PRES	Her lips were painted bright red , her blush a perfect circle , with triangular black lines for eyebrows .
va	PAST	Flames scorched my already heated skin .
va	PAST	""" I know something about moths , "" Robert intoned ."
va	PAST	' You skinned her ? '
va	PRES	Several long incense sticks burned in a glass vase by the window ; their smoke wafting elegantly into the air .
va	PRES	He aims the remote at the ceiling , punches in a series of numbers and steps back .
va	PRES	I jerk myself back .
va	PRES	""" Don 't , "" Avery snarled , and in a flash his hands were there , forcing my jaw shut and locking it in place ."
va	PAST	His heart raced and sweat poured from his forehead despite the cool breeze .
va	PAST	The Death of Rats poked its nose out of the saddlebag .
va	PAST	I undid his belt buckle and slowly undid the the button and zipper .
va	PAST	he implored , not moving .
va	PAST	A strangled laugh escaped his lips at her candor .
va	PRES	He tosses four times before nailing a shot and winning Shelby a brown stuffed horse .
va	PAST	Hannah didn 't respond , she cursed herself for letting it get to this stage and thought hard about what she could do to redeem herself .
va	PRES	Normal walking resulted in rather large hops .
va	PAST	Her twisting her wedding rings , talking of tuxedos and formalities and the most important day of a girl 's life .
va	PRES	""" The operations manager in Oslo reports the new day-night shifts are very popular with the associates there . """
va	PRES	""" So ... moving on , huh ? """
va	PAST	Michael leaned forward , his curiosity piqued .
va	PRES	He treads lightly now .
va	PRES	After stepping into the parking lot , he loosened his tie .
va	PRES	She shuffles across the yard and Blake hands her a pair of pruning shears .
va	PRES	The bamboo ribs suggest the beginning of wings , or perhaps an immense sky lantern .
va	PAST	All those competing colors whirled about in her head , and sounds of the sea seemed to follow her heartbeat softly , insistently .
va	PRES	""" And what if we follow the water stream ?"
va	PRES	A moment later , he runs the scanner over Lassie 's shoulder , like he is produce at the grocery store .
va	PRES	One side of his mouth curls up in a smile .
va	PRES	""" Michael Marcus DeLuca . """
va	PRES	""" Who cares if it 's tacky if it tastes good ? """
va	PRES	He lowers his lips to mine and kisses me while he removes my bra and underwear .
va	PAST	Fire shined in their narrowed eyes , and suddenly , the only fear I felt was for the poor souls who stood in their way .
va	PRES	""" Just you , Bianca ."
va	PAST	""" The nurse will be here in about five minutes to take you back to the prep room , "" Dr. Forbes informed Darren ."
va	PRES	Michele narrows her eyes .
va	PAST	"Or so I 've been told , "" I assured her , never taking my eyes off of Clare ."
va	PAST	""" My name is Douglas Carswell , "" he introduced himself at last ."
va	PRES	""" I suggest you begin by standing up . """
va	PAST	When he flicked off the lights , a crashing darkness descended , and he followed the Explorer 's headlights through the falling snow .
va	PRES	With that the call ends .
va	PRES	' And now to the health of your new department , Comrade . '
va	PRES	""" Jesus Fucking Christ !"
va	PRES	The beast 's head moves up and down .
va	PAST	He arched a brow .
va	PAST	He pumped faster and he felt her tighten around his cock .
va	PRES	Marie repeats with a shaky voice .
va	PRES	I barely manage to get my panties to the floor when he steps back into me , grabbing my ass and hoisting me up .
va	PAST	Padme silently cursed herself for losing her composure before shuffling into mess hall .
va	PRES	""" To charity ? """
va	PRES	""" I 'm sorry , I apologize ."
va	PAST	She staggered to the right , running into a table , then to the left , hitting a wall .
va	PAST	Olivia moaned when his other hand slipped beneath his shirt and found the curve of her breast , wrapping around the underside , testing its weight .
va	PAST	She flipped through the pages of a book Kai had given her , the pages illuminated by the dying sun .
va	PRES	Bob ignores James and looks down at me like he doesn 't know me .
va	PRES	The woman moans and grunts behind her gag .
va	PRES	""" I treat all words as though they 're equally credible ."
va	PRES	""" What about Drew ? """
va	PAST	Instead he sprinted to me , and opened his arms before I was even close enough to fall into them .
va	PAST	Lina peaked out from beneath her hood to see Anton 's eyes .
va	PAST	Jackson scowled , folded his arms over his chest and stared at the bulls in the field across from them .
va	PAST	I shooed him over to the table and began to make him a plate .
va	PAST	Sure , I slugged Stick yesterday but that was no reason to keep me out of the loop .
va	PRES	Turbo drops a bag on the ground .
va	PAST	Tears tracked down my face while she watched , perplexed .
va	PRES	""" And River ? """
va	PAST	He staggered down the stairs and out into the cold night .
va	PAST	""" You wrote me a wonderful note telling me what an emotional cripple I was , packed your bags and ran off with your lover ."
va	PRES	"And no one understands Tasha . """
va	PRES	""" Nah , but thanks ."
va	PRES	He scratched at the inside of his elbow .
va	PAST	""" I don 't know what to advise you , "" Renny expressed ."
va	PAST	""" Terrible , "" he spat into the grate , getting rid not only from the liquid , but also from a weird aftertaste on his lips ."
va	PRES	Dean picks up his drumsticks and places them into a large duffel bag .
va	PRES	And definitely her first grown-up gown .
va	PRES	""" You must have been lousy in bed if he was so willing to give you up , "" Walt mocked ."
va	PRES	""" Ok , but Jake , you owe me big for this . """
va	PAST	The question infuriated me .
va	PAST	He sold the shares just as a new international private space race began .
va	PRES	Tightening his fingers around me , he lifts me up .
va	PRES	When his call finally ends , he drops his hand and gives me a long , grave look .
va	PAST	Visions of the thunderbird blinded his thoughts into a sort of confounded madness .
va	PRES	He tells me they 'll be there in about an hour or so and we hang up .
va	PRES	My muscles quiver from the cold .
va	PAST	"He mouthed , "" I 'm sorry , "" to her and then pushed open the door and went outside into the cold mountain air ."
va	PRES	It resembles my old home a little too closely for comfort .
va	PAST	At the end , she wrote out the instructions .
va	PAST	Dad straightened up , squaring his broad shoulders and not showing any signs of fear .
va	PAST	""" My elbow , "" I moaned , lifting up my arm ."
va	PAST	Later they sold the house , which was demolished to build condos .
va	PRES	When Jack saw I meant it , he perched in one of the vinyl chairs .
va	PRES	Waste creates jobs , jobs create consumers and consumers spend , usually on things they don 't need .
va	PRES	Together we raise our hands and point them in the direction of the twins , a lightning bolt shoots from our fingers towards them .
va	PAST	""" His blood won 't help anyone else Bishop , "" I informed him before he got too carried away ."
va	PAST	My hands trembled as I folded my arms across my chest , ignoring the pain of my stitches pulling .
va	PAST	James whirled to face the Irishman , who held the bottle in his left hand , and a revolver in his right .
va	PRES	""" Under the vault !"
va	PRES	My mouth meets with hers again as I pour my affection over her in one blissful exchange .
va	PAST	A large screen obscured my view , and I couldn 't tell what was beyond it .
va	PRES	A whore , like everyone always tells me .
va	PAST	She surveyed the roof , and pointed to a concrete outcrop -- a door .
va	PAST	Then , all of a sudden , Haley lunged at me .
va	PAST	No , she chastised herself .
va	PRES	""" Your kind can only fail a mission once , "" Hartman notes with an amused grunt ."
va	PAST	She applied her face paint .
va	PRES	""" Yes , but at the same time , he believes you have one another . """
va	PRES	Your livelihood . ' '
va	PRES	( She blows out an uneven breath .
va	PAST	She snatched her hand back , placing it on her hip .
va	PAST	But he sailed right past the exit .
va	PAST	Tessa poked at her left incisor with her tongue .
va	PAST	"My fingertips fluttered over his lips , and I whispered , "" Perfect . """
va	PRES	""" Definitely inconvenient at times . """
va	PRES	""" Deckard Blaine ! """
va	PAST	Her tension melted away .
va	PRES	""" Something tells me not to touch that statement . """
va	PRES	""" Once an accountant , always an accountant , huh ? """
va	PAST	1 ARIA Aria lurched upright , the echo of gunshots ringing in her ears .
va	PAST	Fury sparked in his eyes .
va	PRES	""" Seems like a good enough religion to me ."
va	PAST	James inspected the montage of happier times while he waited for Joni to come home .
va	PRES	But time heals all wounds .
va	PRES	They shift and change .
va	PAST	I whirled around to find the real Patch standing in the fitting room behind me .
va	PRES	She slaps him across the face , doing more damage to her hand than to R17 .
va	PAST	He shuddered , pumping himself into her heat , and his eyes closed .
va	PRES	Nora shuts the engine and sits dumbfounded .
va	PRES	She hid it well , beneath shapeless , layered tops and baggy jeans , but her cheeks were hollow and her wrists were knobby .
va	PAST	The lamp tilted its head like a curious dog and simply regarded them for a moment .
va	PAST	""" Lacy , "" her mother intoned ."
va	PAST	He set her carefully on her feet , then applied gentle but insistent pressure to her shoulders .
va	PAST	""" Nah , "" Linden drawled ."
va	PRES	It consists simply of combat self-defense techniques .
va	PRES	Uriah waits for us just outside the door .
va	PAST	Thomas concentrated on words that would take him to Edric , not just to Westminster .
va	PRES	""" No regrets ? """
va	PAST	A restaurant hostess materialized beside them , and without a word , they were guided to a quiet corner table .
va	PAST	Before he could say another word , Sean popped him in the temple with a bullet .
va	PRES	""" But , my studies ? """
va	PRES	""" What sensation ? """
va	PRES	""" Fresh sheets mostly ."
va	PAST	He dug through his brown paper bag and pulled out something encased in plastic wrap .
va	PAST	We belonged together , in anytime , anyplace .
va	PAST	They commented once in awhile on the marker inscriptions .
va	PAST	Letting go of Bree , I slung my purse around and dug through its contents for my cell phone .
va	PRES	""" Good shooting . """
va	PRES	""" Major whoa . """
va	PAST	""" So you invited their representative here without consulting with the rest of us ? """
va	PRES	Then , if what we did wasn 't really very admirable , we tend to forget that it ever happened .
va	PAST	Despite the heat from all the torches , Rema shuddered .
va	PAST	""" But not murder , "" Mira stressed ."
va	PRES	"It involves some young women that might be being held against their will . """
va	PRES	He shuts his eyes and lets his head tip back .
va	PRES	""" That you 'd even have to ask only proves my point ."
va	PAST	""" Not intentionally , "" she assured him ."
va	PAST	""" What crazies , Brian ? """
va	PAST	I rounded the curve , the one near that copse of trees , then two men stepped out onto the road .
va	PRES	""" Try not to talk Darlin ' ."
va	PRES	Michael hid in the hollow of a burned-out tree at the edge of the village and watched to see where that man would go to sleep .
va	PAST	When he focused on the girl 's face , his stomach plummeted south .
va	PRES	Brielle rolls her eyes then burst into laughter .
va	PRES	Dark blood leaks from the corners of her mouth as she struggles to communicate her final thoughts .
va	PAST	Nicky arched an eyebrow at him and looked at the others .
va	PAST	Then my fingers grazed his palm and the raised scar from his wolf bite .
va	PAST	His secretary straightened out her desk in a fidgety kind of way .
va	PAST	So I raced through the open doorway and ducked into the mausoleum , stopping inside the entrance .
va	PRES	Mai exclaims , just as the colossal weapon begins to swing .
va	PAST	The assembly rooms had been decorated for the dance , all draped in garlands of flowers .
va	PRES	""" Sounds like good advice to me ."
va	PRES	A fish breaks the surface in an echoing snap , swallowing a small fly .
va	PRES	""" Two hours and fifty-five minutes , Roar . """
va	PRES	Swords , bullets , none of that matters anymore .
va	PAST	Reyes bared his teeth , resembling a feral animal as he leaned the rest of the way in to her .
va	PAST	""" What - "" Tolland hurled the pad of wadded Mylar into the air over their heads ."
va	PRES	Madam Uri yells , breathless .
va	PAST	He scrambled away then .
va	PRES	""" Jump out a window , "" he mumbles under his breath ."
va	PRES	""" Is something amiss ? """
va	PAST	Four doctors had testified in behalf of the defendant and it looked overwhelmingly in the defendant 's favor .
va	PRES	""" I prefer her friend , personally ."
va	PRES	""" And emotional . """
va	PAST	"Cal her if you must , "" he granted in an exasperated voice ."
va	PRES	My mouth nearly drops open .
va	PRES	For some reason , this irritated me .
va	PRES	He wipes a tear with the back of his hand .
va	PRES	""" Who cares if it 's safe ? """
va	PRES	"It adds fruit . """
va	PRES	"Didn 't it enter your head that maybe you 're not the only one who likes this place ? """
va	PAST	Mike ~ March 20th We spent the day getting organized , everything we have , everything we need , what we need to get .
va	PRES	As they continued downstairs , I debated whether to follow them .
va	PAST	""" Ah , but a woman never tires of hearing it , "" Eugenia informed him ."
va	PAST	He cupped her face with one hand , slowly caressing her cheek , his fingertips moving lightly over the smooth , velvet texture of her skin .
va	PAST	""" Jake Salter cooked dinner for you ? """
va	PRES	Her voice trembles when she sighs .
va	PRES	I spat , my words sounding too harsh even for me .
va	PRES	The soldiers jerk back , stunned , shifting farther into their corners .
va	PRES	He spins me around so that my back is against his chest and our arms are locked together , folded tightly across my stomach .
va	PAST	The sound of movement inside the beach house registered , and he cracked an eyelid open .
va	PRES	His head cocks to the side .
va	PAST	She might have drifted off to sleep , but she didn 't think so .
va	PRES	Or it might catch you , the voice notes .
va	PAST	The water descended from the sky as if it had been poured out of a jug .
va	PAST	Her anger surfaced easily .
va	PAST	Amanda straightened her shoulders .
va	PAST	My words erupted as more wail than comment .
va	PAST	The Glock fired harmlessly into the wall and ceiling as the two of them wrestled for supremacy .
va	PRES	She usually hid her surprise so well .
va	PAST	The Thames Estuary glistened under the fading rays , becoming a glaring orange sheet .
va	PAST	Gannon 's mouth popped open and his lips flapped up and down but nothing came out .
va	PAST	"Mortimer grimaced , but managed to avoid lying by saying , "" We 've worked in lots of places in Canada . """
va	PAST	""" It 's kind of like pool , "" Oliver supplied helpfully ."
va	PRES	My mother 's face shielded and silent , my father 's eyes will not meet mine , he moves one wooden step closer to his wife .
va	PAST	Her brow furrowed and her nose scrunched up .
va	PAST	A large , black cigar complemented his coffee .
va	PAST	"You 've cursed us all ! """
va	PAST	When she saw us , she immediately straightened up and spoke into an earpiece .
va	PAST	He rode through sheets of rain , scarce able to see the way in front of him .
va	PRES	""" All right , but I intend to earn my keep , you know . """
va	PRES	"Since ... "" My voice trails off ."
va	PRES	He pulls me up and turns me so he can see the scrape .
va	PRES	His leaving proves he had .
va	PAST	The dog trembled against her .
va	PRES	""" Because I 'm tired of feeling helpless . """
va	PAST	He also developed an automatic study course , which would test people on a list of questions from one article before directing them to the next one .
va	PAST	He wandered through room .
va	PAST	Hester winced and Jess felt horrid , but something had to be done .
va	PAST	Perhaps the foggy dusk intensified it , but I was afraid .
va	PAST	""" Stop , T , play at half speed , forward , "" Alex commanded ."
va	PAST	His eyes darted around , and his breathing was rapid .
va	PAST	His wolf calmed a little when he was with her and now refused to lose that just because of her being difficult .
va	PAST	He scowled , watching Claire 's eyelids twitch with the movement of her eyes beneath them .
va	PRES	As the gorilla moved , the computer verified that the flat image was , indeed , three-dimensional and coherent .
va	PAST	Closing her eyes , she moaned as his fingers began to work in conjunction with his tongue .
va	PAST	Lydia prompted her sister .
va	PAST	When she wasn 't obsessing about the empty space in her bed , she concentrated on researching the Wiccan religion .
va	PAST	Hope shuddered with indignation .
va	PAST	She flushed with pleasure , ducking her head as if she couldn 't believe my response came without being laced with criticism .
va	PAST	David straightened up and looked around , unsure of what to say next .
va	PAST	John arranged to meet Terry Bayliss in Jubilee Gardens overlooking the Thames to discuss current developments .
va	PRES	"It creates and unleashes a force that has never been seen before in the world . """
va	PAST	Her stomach fluttered from having him so close .
va	PRES	Susie lowers the hammer .
va	PRES	""" No more drinks ."
va	PRES	With a waved arm , he indicates that I should step towards one of the doors towards the back of the room .
va	PRES	Madeline and Charlotte shift uncomfortably .
va	PAST	""" Incredible , "" Dr. Z said , the scientist in him captivated ."
va	PAST	He coughed as he opened the can in case his parents were on the landing , and drank it leaning out of the window .
va	PRES	Or , at least , fewer of them .
va	PRES	""" May I suggest that this is your problem and not mine ? """
va	PRES	On Wednesdays the king always enjoys chicken , sire . '
va	PAST	Walked until her feet ached , until blisters grew on her heels and toes .
va	PAST	Seeing Winnie , again , overjoyed Mac .
va	PRES	Aria soon realizes there is something terrible in the crowd .
va	PAST	She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively .
va	PRES	Gabe shuts the door behind himself .
va	PAST	She patted Gabe 's open seat .
va	PRES	' No-one reads anymore . '
va	PAST	And then his eyes shuttered .
va	PAST	"Not even his ... "" His eyes drifted back to the man , before returning to mine ."
va	PAST	I arched my hips , trying to take him in , but he just pulled back further , teasing me with how close he was .
va	PRES	His eyes glitter with tears as he offers a hesitant smile .
va	PAST	With the other , he dug about in the bags for something to cover her with , since her camisole no longer properly managed the job .
va	PRES	"They treat me like an invalid here . """
va	PAST	The thought of being so fussy about her appearance amused her because it was so uncharacteristic of her .
va	PAST	They dug out a couple of pieces of shrapnel .
va	PRES	A weight lifts from my chest , and the rest of my anger comes flooding in .
va	PAST	His fingers dug into the tight muscles of my neck and I tilted my head back .
va	PRES	This time it runs off and hides under a big padded armchair , disappearing from sight .
va	PAST	""" Lot better , "" I repeat , holding it out from under the table and rolling it around to demonstrate ."
va	PAST	That , combined with the packaged family and all the interesting people Caroline had met thus far , successfully piqued her raging curiosity .
va	PAST	I scrubbed my eyes , fighting a yawn .
va	PAST	Mikhail casually tore at his wrist with his teeth and extended his arm .
va	PAST	She wiggled through the gap , only sticking once .
va	PRES	"Nobody tells me anything , least of all my mom . """
va	PRES	I cock my head as I think of something .
va	PRES	"Christ you have more money than I do . """
va	PAST	She wandered toward where Isaac had landed and froze .
va	PAST	As I overtook her , coming to a stop in front of her , she perched her hands on her hips .
va	PRES	"Now , wanting to be is another question in itself , "" he responds ."
va	PRES	He views the floor then her .
va	PAST	The other four agents were still awake , their systems pumped with over-the-counter amphetamines , Red Bull , and coffee .
va	PRES	Eventually he moves past the navel ring and slides his finger down the platinum links and glistening diamonds of the belly chain to my mons .
va	PAST	The officer sulked , but remained silent .
va	PRES	' And tomorrow a funeral .
va	PAST	She butted her nose against the top of the kitten 's head and cradled it closer against her chest .
va	PRES	""" In accordance with the formal union contract , the bride requests a full accounting of her duties . """
va	PRES	And on a personal level it matters to me what Kate wants to do , where she wants to go .
va	PAST	Just then a large wave crashed against the shoreline bordering her house , a deafening sound that seemed to shove her words at me even more forcefully .
va	PAST	Two hundred lancers of her personal bodyguard assured her safety .
va	PAST	Simon tended to go with his gut on big decisions and that instinct had never let him down yet .
va	PAST	Marlon and Pandora bristled under their mother 's penetrating stare , feeling uncomfortable .
va	PAST	I scanned his face as I asked him .
va	PRES	""" Do not eat me , Mother ."
va	PAST	Having told myself all this , I recited the list again .
va	PAST	I applied a bit more makeup than normal .
va	PAST	He cupped her cheek .
va	PAST	""" Good morning to you too , "" he finally spit out ."
va	PRES	He just treats her like ... well , like he treats me .
va	PAST	I scrambled to my feet , wiping away the leaves and dirt from my backside .
va	PAST	Liz 's heart surged simply seeing the picture .
va	PRES	He manipulated and lied like no other .
va	PRES	""" And that reminds me , how did you find my apartment the other night ? """
va	PRES	""" Dr. Josephine Carter . """
va	PAST	Desperately , I scrambled to my feet , needing to get out of the way of the spell .
va	PRES	""" Eve Thompson ? """
va	PRES	""" And sea lions ."
va	PRES	Eventually he lowers his head to my chest and rests his cheek against my breast while I trace the back of his neck with my finger .
va	PAST	""" We celebrated . """
va	PAST	Willow flipped her hair off her shoulder and walked away from Declan feeling rather proud .
va	PAST	She had been taken in on by a devil of a man , she suspected .
va	PRES	Takes less time to say . '
va	PRES	The window wipers danced back and forth , clearing the rain drops long enough to let the next droplets splash into their place .
va	PAST	But when they were both in hunter mode , the very air trembled in fear .
va	PAST	Tears streamed down my face silently .
va	PRES	They hid it in the sawdust pile .
va	PRES	""" Just proves how wrong you can be ."
va	PRES	"You treat me like an equal , not an employee , and it means the world to me . """
va	PRES	Gina spat in surprise .
va	PRES	""" Sounds like Sherry ."
va	PRES	""" Jesus Christ ! """
va	PAST	He and Drew never discussed it ?
va	PRES	I suck in a slow breath at the idea of reading my mom 's thoughts , concerned what they 'll reveal , what they won 't reveal .
va	PRES	""" Message fer ya . """
va	PAST	Each second that ticked by , my body longed for release .
va	PAST	With great tenderness , she satisfied his desire again .
va	PRES	""" You baked homemade brownies ? """
va	PRES	""" I regretted leaving Chicago without settling up with my landlady ."
va	PRES	A frightening thought emerges .
va	PRES	My chest heaves , bare and exposed , as my lungs strain for air .
va	PAST	I flinched , and it was all I could do to hold my ground .
va	PAST	""" Bishop wrote me . """
va	PRES	Cowboy Bob moves us back to May of 2001 on our first jump .
va	PRES	He pulls out a walkie-talkie .
va	PRES	"And , again , I apologize for any distress I might have caused you tonight . """
va	PRES	the commander demands with a half smile .
va	PRES	I wink at the pair of girls that let me into her dorm block and take the stairs two at a time to her floor .
va	PAST	I blushed , embarrassed .
va	PRES	A sharp crack echoes down the beach .
va	PAST	Kelly flipped through the rest of the book .
va	PAST	He sauntered over to the bed in a way only Daemon could without looking like a complete douche .
va	PRES	Those eyes that made him feel inhuman .
te	PAST	And the museum theft occurred the night before .
te	PRES	""" Don 't you dare call this junk , "" Jack 's voice threatens ."
te	PRES	""" Ooh , I call dibs , "" Markus claims ."
te	PRES	""" And no internet ? """
te	PAST	"We 're asking you to stop her , "" she retorted ."
te	PRES	The stranger scowls and reaches into his long black leather jacket .
te	PRES	""" I reject the claim ! """
te	PAST	Thank heaven she 'd left her car unlocked .
te	PAST	"I commend you on your fine taste , "" complimented the steward turning away ."
te	PAST	The limb creaked dangerously .
te	PAST	The streets of Orchard Valley greeted her like a long-lost friend .
te	PRES	Moody , intense , careless .
te	PRES	"This , "" he says , tugging on the lapel of his tux , "" serves a purpose ."
te	PAST	The prop engines sputtered to life , and I thanked myself in retrospect for shutting them off when I had .
te	PRES	Marcus leans in and I 'm debating whether or not to toss the water on him when Jack appears in the doorway .
te	PAST	Already he owed her an incredible debt , and he had no way to repay it .
te	PAST	He enveloped her body in the warm towel and drew her into his arms .
te	PRES	She sips her coffee and waits for me to ask for her advice .
te	PRES	"Or , if madam prefers something else ... ? """
te	PAST	He bumped her in the ribs with his elbow excitedly .
te	PRES	Through her thin white dress her body shivers against the slab .
te	PRES	"To our brotherhood ... and to the empire itself . """
te	PAST	He tapped his head , as if trying to knock out a noise .
te	PAST	Eddie strode into the foyer , handed him something , and tugged the headphones out of his ears to talk to him .
te	PRES	""" Liza , when are you going to give me an answer ?"
te	PAST	Yet the hate boiled among the vampire brothers and sisters .
te	PRES	Damon rol ed his eyes .
te	PAST	All that sweetness and insincere southern charm simply overwhelmed her .
te	PAST	As the days passed , Lyons taught me art of living in the trenches .
te	PRES	He tugs at the hem of my dress , walking me backward .
te	PRES	""" Ohh , "" Sam grins at me ."
te	PRES	Because the pool surrounds the table .
te	PRES	she shouts ; a wisp of visible breath spats from her lips like a puff of smoke .
te	PRES	""" But not polished ."
te	PRES	And the deeper you go , the harder the glass becomes .
te	PRES	I admire someone with a signature accessory .
te	PAST	Ryan punched the star quarterback a little too hard in the shoulder pad .
te	PRES	""" The crowds of er ... air . """
te	PRES	"We all want to know what is happening , "" Dresden replies impatiently ."
te	PAST	He sipped out of the goblet , nodded at her .
te	PRES	He pauses and then looks away and up at the craft above us .
te	PAST	Those milking contractions propelled him to his own climax .
te	PRES	I wave goodbye and enter the house , which is now free of anyone but family .
te	PRES	Unfortunately for you , I operate on a different set of laws that don 't work in your favor .
te	PAST	His eyes darkened in appreciation .
te	PRES	She spends all her time in the archives .
te	PRES	In amazingly short time she mastered her control of the steering wheel .
te	PRES	He glances mischievously at the old man , then leans in closer to me .
te	PRES	I gesture to her chest .
te	PAST	His acknowledgement consisted of no more than a subdued nod .
te	PAST	He cradled me against him .
te	PRES	WHAT MATTERS IS I 'M GOOD .
te	PRES	"Tears tinged her voice , "" can you forgive me ? """
te	PAST	Wink 's head and ears drooped .
te	PRES	She prefers winter sports .
te	PRES	Doctor Hartman hovers up and quickly presses the caption with a metallic fingertip .
te	PAST	The warden barked a command .
te	PRES	""" You wicked thing ! """
te	PAST	""" Kinda thought we were stuck in an elevator there for a moment , "" Adele mused ."
te	PRES	""" A large bubble bath awaits you . """
te	PRES	Really suits you . '
te	PRES	The meeting lasts for another hour .
te	PRES	He nods over to my mother with her hair pulled back in its tight knit bun .
te	PAST	Kurt chewed on that for a second .
te	PRES	He grips our son closer .
te	PRES	""" The goddess Pandora ! """
te	PRES	One of the boys leans forward .
te	PAST	""" My father taught me a lot about the land and sea before he died , and I ' ve learned even more at education training . """
te	PRES	We peer around the edge .
te	PRES	""" Stupid werewolf hearing . """
te	PRES	Dallas nods toward the car .
te	PAST	""" But her boobs , "" Pat gestured , "" They 're so much bigger ."
te	PRES	In his mind , he pictured it moving along the cold floor .
te	PAST	Hatch clicked through a series of keys on the laptop in front of him .
te	PAST	""" That is a lovely cross , "" she ventured to the duchess ."
te	PAST	I greeted him back , sniffing the air .
te	PRES	""" I refuse to see any kid , wild or not , go hungry or eat from a trash can . """
te	PRES	And she knelt before the great tree and was enveloped by the glow of Ahriman and the child came bleeding , and they all rejoiced .
te	PRES	But then ... comfort rushes over me .
te	PRES	""" Calls on your divine aid as ... ... his merciless enemies ... ... surround him . """
te	PRES	A surge of panic prickles her features .
te	PRES	When you start to look in it keeps getting bigger and bigger .
te	PRES	""" A queen ? """
te	PRES	Erik leapt backward , but could not bring his blade around to block it in time .
te	PRES	At the last second , panic overtook Haven 's face .
te	PRES	He backs us towards the cool crisp water .
te	PAST	She dodged to the right and swung around when he missed her .
te	PAST	She just inflamed the ones she already had .
te	PAST	Whether she admitted it to herself or not , a connection existed between them .
te	PRES	""" Alright , Fergus , alright ."
te	PAST	Bonnie eased up to the drive-thru window .
te	PAST	Hindsight being what it was , she concluded that she should have ordered the meatloaf .
te	PAST	He batted it out of the air .
te	PRES	""" Mistress Evelyn ... "" He said , now addressing her twin ."
te	PAST	The root crunched in his mouth as he chewed it like a cow .
te	PRES	She adjusts her posture .
te	PAST	""" Shh , "" hissed someone in the seats behind us ."
te	PAST	Terror ripped through Cassie 's body .
te	PRES	Except for the fact he said something , Noah appears asleep .
te	PRES	Bethany and Mitch proudly claim credit for having brought this couple together as a result of some timely advice to the bride to be .
te	PRES	Radcliffe nods and a smile quirks the edges of his mouth .
te	PRES	"The Mortal Sword hurts . """
te	PAST	Sali hissed into his cell phone .
te	PAST	They drank in unison . '
te	PRES	Plutarch nods to Cressida , who consults a clipboard .
te	PRES	She skips back inside , her blond hair swinging back and forth .
te	PAST	""" Quick , let us get out of here , "" barked the Frenchman leading the rebels ."
te	PAST	For just a second , angst stirred in the pit of my belly .
te	PRES	Alexia pul ed her hand back in and tucked it under her chin .
te	PRES	A lazy grin spreads across his face as he watches me through hooded eyes , looking very pleased with himself .
te	PRES	He leapt through that window and rushed into the house .
te	PAST	Identical Kincaid chins jacked up .
te	PAST	He spotted her and stepped around the wall 's ledges to greet her .
te	PRES	""" Happy to finally see you Mags ."
te	PAST	The old guard chewed it over , and at last nodded his head , face bowed down , thick beard twisted and unclean .
te	PRES	""" Um ... "" He pauses , standing still on the path ."
te	PAST	He hissed as another wave of orgasm went through him .
te	PAST	Auron snarled , digging into his eyes with his knuckle as if he had awoken from deep slumber .
te	PAST	""" No one 's perfect , "" the Countess of Camden cheerfully and magnanimously declared , pardoning Alexandra ."
te	PAST	""" Don 't touch me , "" he barked ."
te	PRES	"his men , and his servants making sure everyone is fed , clothed . """
te	PRES	"Like that Ayatollah asshole . """
te	PAST	"Fo ... for sure , "" I stutter , leaning against the machine for support as my legs turn to jelly ."
te	PRES	When Blackwell tries to allow her some more rein , she darts toward the ocean .
te	PRES	He assumes the figure which initially gained his attention was some sort of demonic character but upon closer examination he appears to be a relatively ordinary man .
te	PRES	My father nods then opens the back door of Seth 's Camry .
te	PAST	Or what exactly they tracked .
te	PAST	As his solitude grew , Sebastian 's resolve to stay away from Serenity weakened .
te	PAST	Goodness and Mercy exchanged a look , one Gabriel preferred not to question .
te	PAST	CHAPTER TWO I walked away from the Suburban , turning back once more to make sure Trina had her head down .
te	PRES	It teaches me not to make friends , though .
te	PRES	He walks over and picks up an almost identical disc from where he reappeared .
te	PAST	"I owed it to him . """
te	PAST	Mama 's eyes pleaded in tandem with her words .
te	PRES	He kisses her forehead .
te	PRES	"It appears that the EDU has been disconnected ? """
te	PAST	He tapped the screen in annoyance .
te	PAST	The thought occurred to her that his shoulders were definitely wide enough and strong enough to give her a place to cry out her fears .
te	PRES	I tease you about him , but you know I think of him as a brother .
te	PRES	He shakes his head , more water building up in his eyes .
te	PRES	""" Sure beats bales of tinfoil ! """
te	PAST	His eyes gleamed with respect and admiration .
te	PAST	Thomas practically propelled her in Jack 's direction .
te	PAST	When he rose from the coffin , his face belied strained irritation .
te	PRES	He held out his hand , a gesture calculated to force her to look at him , truly acknowledge him , touch him .
te	PRES	""" Of course not , "" Cal manages ."
te	PRES	"She stinks of not thinking about it . """
te	PRES	It 's about what I deserve .
te	PRES	He closes his eyelids cuddling her into his chest , feels his Touch expand around them along with hotness of body and softness of fur .
te	PRES	She twisted around to face him , her eyes chilly .
te	PRES	The Warlord 's torso burst open , his guts spilling out .
te	PAST	""" Yes , my lord ."
te	PRES	He hits him again and again , not stopping even when Kayden crumples to the ground .
te	PRES	"It appears that the police have been called to your residence several times over the past few months , well , years actually . """
te	PRES	"For both our sakes . """
te	PAST	And then the burning eased , little by little , cooling as did the baking desert under a soft fall of rain .
te	PRES	""" Okay , "" Kara obliged ."
te	PRES	' Who the hell keeps that kind of thing in his house ? '
te	PAST	Why deny them both ?
te	PRES	Accepting those soft , tender kisses , when she knew that -- yet again -- her shadowy past had come back to tease them .
te	PRES	"Walk around if you want . """
te	PRES	Then , lamely , she iced the cake .
te	PAST	"Drusilla barked , "" I want bombers pummeling that heavy concentration in Region 31 . """
te	PAST	Paige gulped and headed back toward the marina .
te	PAST	His service in the Army as a Military Police officer enabled him to learn and adapt quickly to the rigors and requirements of civilian law enforcement .
te	PRES	Lennox drives his car into the warehouse , carefully manoeuvring through the narrow opening .
te	PAST	Leaving empty-handed went against his very nature , but what choice did he have ?
te	PRES	""" It appears that you 've done our work for us today ... for the most part . """
te	PAST	I rocked my hips , the movement sending shivers across his skin .
te	PAST	I echoed , confused .
te	PRES	Ian puts his hand on Courtney 's shoulder , silencing her , and then looks at me .
te	PRES	It hits her nose with a tight snap and falls between our houses .
te	PAST	Bax bounded over the gap to where they awaited him .
te	PRES	Serena shifts , glancing at her trident .
te	PRES	' Good grief ! '
te	PAST	Mary Ellen recalled William has said something similar after their first night at the theatre .
te	PAST	She acknowledged this with another grunt , and he slid the door closed and hurried away .
te	PAST	Sal indicated a hard orange case about the size of a laptop sitting on the center of the altar .
te	PRES	Marae shakes her head , thrown off by my question .
te	PRES	The wind blows against my cheeks and the air smells like salt and cotton candy .
te	PAST	Miranda choked back a sob .
te	PAST	His thumbs traced the lines of my jaw .
te	PAST	Something suddenly occurred to Rabbit .
te	PAST	Immediately I slumped to the ground , my chest heaving .
te	PAST	Something gleamed in her palm ; it was Tessa 's angel pendant .
te	PRES	The warmth only grows as he kicks his jeans and boxers off and slips inside me .
te	PAST	""" No , "" she argued , setting her elbow on the windowsill and her head in her hand ."
te	PAST	Garrett hustled through the dining room , casting one last glance over his shoulder at Ethan as he went .
te	PAST	Sabrina tapped her fingertips together .
te	PAST	Confusion flickered across her lovely face , and it was all Daniel could do to hope that she would not deny him .
te	PRES	"Many Iron fey gather here , for one reason . """
te	PAST	I weighed his words .
te	PRES	""" The technology that created you keeps me alive ."
te	PRES	Amar claps his hands together .
te	PAST	I puff out a surprised breath , and for long moments , I can 't process it .
te	PAST	Most of it depended on her .
te	PRES	He sits up in his chair .
te	PAST	I punched him out and then my anger turned on you .
te	PRES	""" If we stay here , she dies ! """
te	PRES	Stay away from guys online that approach you claiming they 're in love with you !
te	PRES	After I tell him what happened , he sits quietly for the longest time , swiveling in my computer chair .
te	PRES	* * * Serena cries out , throwing her arms in front of her .
te	PAST	Mac tapped his thumb against his thigh , looking off into the distance .
te	PRES	Kayden closes his menu and places it into the middle of the table beside the ketchup and mustard rack .
te	PRES	""" Just small sips for now . """
te	PRES	' Go on then enlighten me . '
te	PAST	I plugged one end in to the battery and the other in to the infamous sample drill .
te	PRES	I polished that off , then went back to the fridge , and got the Mounds bar I saw in the door .
te	PRES	He increases his tempo as he hooks my thigh around his shoulder , giving him access to go deeper .
te	PRES	Madeline 's cheery voice interrupts my thoughts .
te	PAST	""" Yeah , I think so , "" he echoed back from the stall ."
te	PAST	Heat flowed between them .
te	PAST	""" Were you frightened ? """
te	PAST	With one finger he scooped some of the greasy brown hair hanging down in front of his face and hooked it behind an ear .
te	PRES	That requires bunk space .
te	PAST	Our fearless leader , Emmie of course , breezed in and took her spot at the front of the room beside the microwave and fridge .
te	PRES	They coveted the industrial part of the city naturally .
te	PRES	The grasshopper finally leapt across my desk toward the window sill , George two leaps behind .
te	PRES	With that , she skips up the stairs .
te	PRES	Vanessa focuses on capturing mystical animals .
te	PRES	The infantry one shows that you 're proud of what you do .
te	PAST	""" She sent me a lovely letter , General , "" Lily acknowledged , "" inviting me to come and stay with you ."
te	PAST	Percival wasted no time following her , running up toward the ruined front of the house , looking for a way past the boulders and shattered glass .
te	PAST	Flames lashed out hungrily , but briefly .
te	PRES	The slight gasps he makes every time our lips barely part .
te	PRES	""" Over time and thru my travels I have gathered much information about the Queen ."
te	PRES	The girl nods , her eyes wide .
te	PAST	""" Don 't give me that , "" The Reaper retorted ."
te	PRES	I didn 't doubt that this system went beneath the entire city , a subterranean subway system for the paranormal express .
te	PAST	With every pass over her ass , she practically purred .
te	PRES	Hart stretched out on the bed next to Eleanor , his eyes sparkling , though his face was too pale .
te	PAST	It never occurred to her they were all family .
te	PAST	He confessed to our agent that Damian took an earlier flight , a smaller plane that should be arriving at Cooper airport in fifteen minutes .
te	PRES	"She twists your thoughts and uses what she can until it 's gone . """
te	PRES	He pinned me down on a pile of debris and let his cold , horrible spittle drip onto my face .
te	PRES	My expression falters at the soft colors created with delicacy , as if each stroke of the brush meant something .
te	PRES	Adam polished off his beer in three gulps .
te	PAST	With his other hand , he grasped her breast , brushing his thumb over her jutting nipple .
te	PAST	Yet her senses objected .
te	PRES	""" Okay , Aunty Lucky . """
te	PRES	He watches Teddy a lot .
te	PAST	Someone thrust a cup into her hands , and McPherson put his arm around her in a fatherly way .
te	PAST	""" I spoke with Aster on my way here , "" Jason recounted , sickened by the news that the vagrant had perished ."
te	PAST	""" That is not true , if I go missing , my father would not stop looking for me , "" declared Pedro ."
te	PAST	She fumbled with both pieces of the buckle and brought them together over her chest .
te	PRES	He puts down his pen .
te	PAST	I pissed in my pants .
te	PRES	' My people rule an empire of many million citizens .
te	PAST	Her eyes misted over as she bit her lip .
te	PAST	The engine roared to life , growling like a panther .
te	PAST	Corinne roused herself enough to lift her long lashes and peer at Lisa .
te	PAST	"Makes talking to you dashed difficult sometimes . """
te	PRES	Hit follows my directions , and the phase drive pulls through me .
te	PAST	I realised that not everyone on the side I 'd chosen had the wellbeing of humans in mind after all .
te	PAST	""" I doubt we could do that nak * d. "" His lips twitched ."
te	PRES	""" I object ! """
te	PAST	Half a dozen lockers lined the left wall , and I opened the one Noelle pointed to .
te	PAST	On Sunday , Britain and France declared war on Germany .
te	PRES	He walks in silence for a few seconds before speaking again .
te	PRES	* * * As soon as I see the pinstriped suit I groan .
te	PAST	Sato shielded his eyes , and at first he thought that what he saw in front of him was a trick of the light on his mind .
te	PAST	Her hair skimmed my chest , creating goose bumps .
te	PAST	My grandfather taught me how to use a sword the minute I turned seven years old .
te	PAST	Before anyone could say anything else , Mr. Noel strode quickly from the room , heading back toward the little closet where he had first appeared .
te	PRES	Elena chooses to move now and she smiles at me .
te	PRES	""" In the gym . """
te	PAST	"Asked why I was pointing a gun at him . """
te	PRES	""" Is William alright ? """
te	PRES	""" Trail this way , "" he barks , shifting from foot to foot ."
te	PAST	and shushed each other .
te	PAST	""" I 'm okay , "" I squeaked , coughing to find my voice ."
te	PRES	While we house many unstable talents in this place , we lack ... an organised authority .
te	PAST	The monstrous , two-headed snake hissed a challenge and reared up into a coiled S , ready to strike .
te	PAST	So he 'd guessed she needed to de-stress after the ultrasound .
te	PRES	""" Mmm ... What is this , carrot ? """
te	PAST	We practiced this block several more times .
te	PRES	""" And tell Nathan to do the same thing ."
te	PRES	The other barons rule petty villages .
te	PAST	When it looked like a mouse , the cat pounced upon it ; when it looked like a ball , she played with it .
te	PAST	He grasped her hand and kissed it .
te	PAST	He pressed firm against her frame , one hand cradled her head while the other rested intimately at the small of her back .
te	PAST	"Order the rebuilding completed immediately . """
te	PAST	""" Hey , Chelsea , "" Marcy greeted her ."
te	PRES	He watched her , his utensils motionless , feeling awkward in his hands .
te	PRES	""" What honorable system of enforcement ? """
te	PRES	She knelt awkwardly to retrieve it .
te	PAST	he hissed at himself .
te	PAST	The report of the rifle echoed in the small house , drowning out any cry of pain , but Kell knew he hadn 't missed .
te	PAST	' Most certainly , ' Anton confirmed .
te	PRES	He kneels to unbutton her jeans , and she knows that Zion is watching this .
te	PAST	"Elena gushed with indignation , "" Amazing !"
te	PAST	Rob 's blood still stained the snow .
te	PRES	he wonders , his fingers wrapping around the doorknob .
te	PAST	""" Damn it , "" I snarled ."
te	PAST	Cassie shivered at the stark reminder of just how different they were .
te	PAST	"He shivered as he blocked Hawk 's blade and then struck out with his own , "" a dreadful few days at that . """
te	PAST	By the quality of the faint light coming in through the half-open window , she guessed it was dawn , or just after .
te	PAST	He swiveled around and slowly crept towards the sound .
te	PAST	Milton barked out his displeasure at hearing this news .
te	PAST	"Have you never taught yourself control ? """
te	PRES	""" Yep , not too far from aunt Sarah and uncle Joshua ."
te	PAST	""" It had a bullet hole in it , "" the nurse argued ."
te	PAST	Which confirmed what he already knew .
te	PAST	I plastered on a smile , my insides turning to mush and my knees feeling wobbly when I thought about Zeke .
te	PAST	Then I canceled that order , also mentally .
te	PAST	His hand shaped her face , caressed her soft skin , traced her delicate cheekbones .
te	PRES	From the corner of her eye , Less spots the discarded entity of dark power .
te	PRES	It travels back and forth between here and Australia .
te	PRES	She shakes her head .
te	PRES	Reginald agrees to remain with Cassandra , Lucas and Francis .
te	PAST	Halfway through the film it occurred to Fat Charlie that there was something that he was not remembering .
te	PAST	I pursed my lips , fighting the urge to roll my eyes .
te	PRES	From a wall hangs a time-worn pair of wooden skis .
te	PAST	"Please , "" he pleaded ."
te	PRES	""" Good grief . """
te	PAST	When he reached me , the back of his hand trailed down my cheek .
te	PRES	' Everyone pretends to be something they 're not .
te	PRES	""" Elevator C , "" and pointed to the back of the library ."
te	PAST	Her presence goaded him like a painful spur in his flank .
te	PAST	And so he did not hesitate to disclose his misfortunes to our protagonists , the first living beings he had seen in ages .
te	PRES	Praises Caroline and wraps her daughter in an even tighter grip .
te	PRES	He shook his head in denial , although it cost him dearly , as the pain increased , spikes seeming to stab through his skull .
te	PAST	Eric yelped and hopped off the metal table .
te	PRES	They demand to see such things clearly , as if the gods were no more than letters written in a book .
te	PAST	Marcus stilled at the name of the popular pirate .
te	PRES	Skyla walks from room to room whispering a steady choir of no , no , no .
te	PRES	The cabin backs to the woods .
te	PAST	Logan strode into the office as Ryan pushed Melody away .
te	PAST	He strode to the other side of the partition , grabbed Zack 's arm and walked out the door .
te	PRES	""" May I get you anything else , madam ? """
te	PRES	It appears to be alright . '
te	PAST	All of human history traced back to this one question .
te	PRES	His heart sinks when he realizes he has underestimated Stephanie 's decline .
te	PRES	They sparkle like drops of an ebony pond in his handsome face .
te	PAST	""" I think your friend likes to keep secrets , "" Byron remarked to Jewell ."
te	PRES	I stumble over a body .
te	PRES	Spencer raises his head and drool drips down his cheek .
te	PRES	"Just double-checking , "" she replies , looking up at me ."
te	PRES	I remembered watching my brother pound our fathers face til my mother complained how the hell she 'd get the bloodstains out of the carpet .
te	PRES	She nods and jerks a thumb toward the door .
te	PAST	""" Of course you did , "" Winston protested ."
te	PRES	""" Step inside this here tent if you want to witness great magical wonders beyond your wildest imagination ."
te	PAST	"It ripped up the furniture , broke a window , scratched the walls . """
te	PRES	""" And for your sake ? """
te	PRES	A guardrail flies up from the road , like a piece of confetti .
te	PAST	Nina gulped at the name and surged with the relief .
te	PAST	Wilson 's brow wrinkled .
te	PAST	Cassie 's frightened cry echoed loudly in his over sensitized ears .
te	PAST	Not a trace of sunlight crept inside her home .
te	PAST	I reasoned that they would make great targets for Bull and Allie .
te	PRES	"Moreover , He resides right here with us ; we don 't pretend that He 's ubiquitous . """
te	PRES	The door closes , lock engaged , alarm armed .
te	PAST	""" He kind of guessed . """
te	PAST	He crumbled down into the earth , burying himself in the stone , and within moments there was little trace of the creature at all .
te	PRES	""" This can count as the rough road where they got their first flat , "" Caleb suggests ."
te	PRES	Folded pieces of paper , spells he had written .
te	PAST	I punched James in the arm as hard as I could .
te	PRES	Run Fast shouts , rubbing his stomach .
te	PRES	She sits up suddenly .
te	PRES	""" Puerto Rico by way of Rome ? """
te	PRES	' About Clare ! '
te	PAST	They lacked the careless free flow of the human being .
te	PRES	She gripped his shoulders , her fingers digging into his flesh .
te	PAST	Cora tested her bowstring drew strongly and gazed back out to the approaching army .
te	PRES	They quicken their steps .
te	PRES	Gavin laughs at this .
te	PRES	""" Harry Benson ? """
te	PRES	""" I beg to differ ."
te	PRES	After the fish was cooked , he peeled away the layers of leaf and dried clay , and he had a delicious baked fish .
te	PAST	He tapped the side of his head .
te	PRES	He grabs my foot and shakes it .
te	PRES	He shifts himself so that he is stretched out over me as if doing a push up , before I register his movement .
te	PAST	Caleb chewed on his lower lip .
te	PRES	A sinkhole becomes a secret passageway and the Simpson family escapes to Alaska .
te	PAST	"How about shag dancing ? """
te	PAST	She bowed her head now as if she were listening to sounds from far away .
te	PAST	Scotty deserved to celebrate his achievement , no matter how Alex felt about his own playing .
te	PRES	She laughs and even though it might be kind of funny , it pisses me off .
te	PAST	Then he plugged in the wok and poured a cup of oil into it .
te	PAST	He clicked his phone shut and shoved it into his suit coat pocket .
te	PRES	she warns with a pointed finger .
te	PRES	She sits up on her knees and inches closer to me .
te	PAST	And Michael respected her father 's research .
te	PRES	""" A football cheerleader ? """
te	PRES	Birth equals death , which equals birth .
te	PAST	Amusement glittered in his eyes , but he shook his head slowly .
te	PAST	Raphael sprang for the spot of lethal light on the floor , and Magnus sprang at Raphael .
te	PAST	""" I 'm not feeling good at all , "" I remarked ."
te	PRES	""" None whatsoever . """
te	PRES	""" Is this what you wanted to see , Sofia ? """
te	PAST	Disappointment crept over Amy 's features , and immediately turned into a highly focused , razor-sharp hate .
te	PRES	""" Its best you advise him to stay away from those swindlers . """
te	PRES	""" The abduction of Jane Thornton smells of his vulgarity ."
te	PRES	""" Away from light suckers like you , "" Pen retorts ."
te	PAST	Her scream echoed along with the blast from the gun .
te	PAST	Margaret 's frown darkened .
te	PAST	""" Hi , "" I pant , leaning slightly over with my hands on my knees ."
te	PAST	A finger tapped my shoulder .
te	PAST	Zane howled in pain , and his body jerked hard as he took the volley of shots right in the chest .
te	PAST	Gavin 's face crinkled as he tried to figure that one out .
te	PRES	"You deserve it . """
te	PAST	A beam of light disrupted my plan of hibernation , sweeping across the walls , landing on my gold sandals .
te	PRES	""" You are , "" he agrees ."
te	PRES	"Someone hits me and I don 't shatter . """
te	PAST	Nicolas exploded , his patience and good intentions suddenly ripped to shreds .
te	PAST	I capped my pen and dropped it back into the holder .
te	PAST	One guy owed him $ 450 for nearly a year and consistently skirted Bosco 's efforts to collect .
te	PAST	His dick twitched in his pants at the thought .
te	PAST	The engine roared to life .
te	PRES	The impulse travels down a hardwire from his brain to the Last Resort 's fuse .
te	PAST	""" Gorman could have shot me before the change , weakened me ."
te	PRES	Inches from his right hand sits a remote .
te	PRES	""" This really sucks . """
te	PAST	The security buzzer blared through the silence .
te	PAST	Ashe shivered in the early-morning light .
te	PRES	The look in his eyes threatens to break me .
te	PAST	He packed up his bags and put them in his car .
te	PRES	""" Can you overdose ? """
te	PRES	She just sorta skirted around it .
te	PAST	He focused his gaze on the bare , pale skin of her neck He licked his lips as he imagined what she would taste like .
te	PAST	In the same movement she thrust forward with the sword .
te	PAST	He licked the green juice from between his fingers .
te	PAST	""" So enlighten me , Amjad ."
te	PRES	Seven years previous , the Christian world had been shocked to hear the Church and King Philip of France accuse the Templar Knights of heresy .
te	PAST	Very nice indeed , mused Love .
te	PRES	"I - "" "" Shhh . """
te	PRES	Rosie rushes forwards and smacks the creature over its scarred and scabby scalp .
te	PAST	Lily gulped nervously before answering .
te	PRES	""" Your right foot controls the back brake ."
te	PAST	He gestured for the slowly gathering crowd to step back .
te	PRES	""" But it hurts to be beautiful . """
te	PRES	She shakes her curls .
te	PRES	Slowly willing himself to grow accustomed to her physical antics , Rift still finds himself staring in a thoughtless stupor every time she appears .
te	PRES	""" Scotty Brooks . """
te	PAST	Blood rained down and faded from dark red to pitch black to the color of dirty water .
te	PAST	I obeyed , but this time , didn 't stop .
te	PAST	Octavia owned and operated an influential gallery , Bright Visions , here in Portland .
te	PAST	The short length emphasized her eyes -- and her slightly oversize mouth .
te	PRES	She keeps the package of cookies hugged to her chest , though , and refuses to let it go .
te	PRES	""" She cries every time we talk . """
te	PAST	Michael further investigated the other rooms on the second level .
te	PAST	"Chuck grinned , embarrassed , then twitched his nose and said , "" Do you think cow methane expulsion is contributing to global warming ? """
te	PRES	""" Saying hi to our new neighbors . """
te	PRES	""" That appears to be the case . """
te	PRES	He appears deep in concentration and I hear him murmur .
te	PRES	""" Because you took a sledgehammer to my heart , you asshole ! """
te	PAST	Back in the cold war , the government tested nukes in Nevada , many of them underground .
te	PRES	He laughs and lifts my hand to his lips .
te	PRES	""" Thanks grandma . """
te	PAST	An edge of frustration crept into his tone .
te	PAST	"Sandra strode purposely up to the bar and ordered a gin for her , and , "" ... ."
te	PRES	""" A rebel angel among rebel angels ? """
te	PRES	"Only where it shows . """
te	PRES	"Yeah , he keeps it pretty close . """
te	PRES	""" How many green elephants ? """
te	PRES	I lick my lips , my body already tingling in anticipation .
te	PAST	It was the same on Naxos , the little island in the Aegean dominated by marble quarries that had chewed holes in the hillsides .
te	PAST	Nevertheless , it angered Sky a little bit that she kept telling Max how uncertain she was at every important step of their journey .
te	PAST	His gaze flickered to my lips then back up to my face as he tilted his head .
te	PAST	Michelle guessed that Sandra was probably very successful now .
te	PAST	"Gio swore he 'd never return here . """
te	PAST	""" I was , though , "" she argued , willing him to believe it ."
te	PAST	One of the dogs barked excitedly , and a man shouted a command .
te	PRES	She pauses a moment , watching us , then cuts through to reach Carrie .
te	PAST	Cook scooped a severed cabbage head from the basket of vegetables on the prep table behind him .
te	PRES	As I throw my weight against the metal between the door and the frame of the car , Motorcycle man appears next to me .
te	PRES	""" Careful , that 's tender young flesh ."
te	PAST	""" You bastard ! """
te	PRES	Within five seconds , it all clicks in .
te	PAST	""" She still refusing to talk to you ? """
te	PRES	She appears to be on the move .
te	PAST	My entire future , with no threat of death lurking around the corner any longer .
te	PRES	She laced her fingers together to stop the shaking .
te	PAST	She gulped and breathed in and out slowly .
te	PAST	After a few turns , the steep ridges blocked more and more of the wailing .
te	PRES	""" This way , my dear , "" viewing a reserved table with my name ."
te	PAST	She licked her lips .
te	PAST	Dark heat spiraled through him , robbed him of breath .
te	PAST	Worry still plagued me , but at least I wasn 't wrapped up in Ax .
te	PAST	Even as I spoke about my childhood an unintentional smile crept across my face .
te	PAST	"I asked for a blue dress , Daddy , not green , ' "" he mimicked in a high voice ."
te	PAST	Insane laughter suddenly resounded throughout the house .
te	PAST	That earned her another round of torture by side pinching .
te	PAST	Gretchen drank coffee and ate what remained of last night 's Chinese meal , wistfully remembering the enormous all-American breakfasts of her past .
te	PAST	He tapped her nose .
te	PRES	Her vanilla scent floods my body and I can 't help it , I brush my lips across the side of her head .
te	PRES	"He pauses before he asks , "" Not even Gale ? """
te	PRES	But he hangs onto me tight .
te	PRES	""" It scares me for a lot of reasons ."
te	PAST	He stroked the Black Hand 's ring , still snug around his finger .
te	PRES	The tour guide huffs in frustration and continues his speech about where all the offices are as he points at each door .
te	PAST	Velvet , brown like the finest coffee , lit from within by her vitality and intellect , these eyes simmered the blood in his veins .
te	PRES	She peeled the skin off the breast of the chicken and guzzled it down , smacking her withered lips together .
te	PAST	She slumped forward and fell to the side , limp like a ragdoll .
te	PAST	He scooped up some snow and held it against her ankle .
te	PAST	"I guessed , "" Do you play football ? """
te	PAST	He unlocked the cell and opened the door .
te	PAST	A warm tingling sensation spread from her chest outward all the way to her fingers and toes .
te	PRES	""" Tiffany Black . """
te	PAST	The young man gulped and nodded .
te	PRES	Actually , the processor chips themselves were fine .
te	PRES	""" He attacks me ."
te	PAST	"Today always makes me sad , "" she argued ."
te	PRES	""" Jet Clarence ? """
te	PRES	""" But the pilot ! """
te	PAST	They earned enough cash to buy the things they couldn 't make , shoot or grow , like gas , kerosene and shoes .
te	PAST	Between bites , I recounted the conversation , including Erik 's interest in Seth and my contract .
te	PAST	She punched it in and got a split screen with the file information on the left and a text frame on the right for brief notes .
te	PAST	She viewed him with suspicion .
te	PAST	Alaina chewed her lip .
te	PAST	He tested the first rung of the ladder , pulled himself up on the first step and then stepped back down .
te	PAST	I stroked a hand down his wide , feathered snout , ignoring the way the feathers shed .
te	PAST	Staring out the window , I remind myself that this isn 't real .
te	PAST	Most included Paradise Winds , but there were others : Christmas mornings , camping , fishing , and baseball games .
te	PAST	Beth protested , but the evidence was plain .
te	PAST	She licked her lips , brow arching .
te	PRES	"The Closing Dark ... I don "" t know about that one , but there "" s an Opening Dark , too ."
te	PAST	""" The oracle has spoken , "" his father declared ."
te	PRES	I clench my bottom lip between my teeth .
te	PRES	Julienne leans away from the table .
te	PRES	She leapt off the sofa , away from him .
te	PRES	I memorized them all , before she was taken away .
te	PRES	""" Whatever has come over you lately , it suits you well . """
te	PAST	He strode back to the door and let himself in just in time to see Duncan grinning and preening in front of the crowd .
te	PAST	For that matter , he wouldn 't have confided in her even now if his boss hadn 't demanded it .
te	PAST	Milos looked at her , a bit stunned by her response .
te	PAST	Mona ripped at the tape with her fingernails and pried back the cardboard .
te	PAST	Maynard recounted a few things to fill in for Bert , but remained reluctant to tell everything he remembered .
te	PAST	""" Yes , I do , "" he retorted ."
te	PAST	"You wrinkled my clothes . """
te	PRES	""" Some psychic . """
te	PRES	The cooking food filled the cabin with delicious smells and more than one stomach rumbled in anticipation .
te	PAST	""" Thatch , Cobble ; it looks like you may yet be able to avoid your fates for failing me , "" the Baron coldly cooed ."
te	PAST	Sarah traced her fingers over the swollen knuckles and fingers that now resembled twisted claws .
te	PAST	He realised that he had never really looked at a robin before , not really looked .
te	PRES	Elizabeth stood rigid , her arms at her sides , her thoughts warring with the dictates of her body .
te	PAST	She clung to him with fear as she felt a plant grab at her .
te	PAST	' I 've no interest in the Treasure , ' retorted Altair .
te	PAST	He strode toward the bus and was halfway there before he must have realized Kali was not with him .
te	PRES	"I calmly returned her gaze , "" But what ? """
te	PAST	""" She can 't control herself , Steph , "" Matthew reasoned ."
te	PAST	I confessed to her I was sick of the local , with the Irish acting more Irish than Irish back home and the English doing the same .
te	PAST	Fintan guessed that he looked just like they did .
te	PAST	Disgust dripped from his father 's voice .
te	PRES	They , like me , resist the urge to turn over and get a little more sleep .
te	PAST	The small jagged bits of metal protruded between her fingers like claws .
te	PAST	Slipping his tongue inside , he explored and increased the pressure .
te	PAST	The same dark , red brick architectural style dominated the buildings at Kingsley .
te	PRES	He grabs another fork and then finally manages to flip it out onto a plate .
te	PAST	Breath hissed through Joe 's flaring nostrils .
te	PAST	She relented in the end , but at first she begged him to stay .
te	PRES	""" From what I understand , a lady requires permission to dance the waltz , Your Grace ."
te	PRES	""" Or a grilled chicken ? """
te	PAST	And we suffered pillage at the hands of Prince Maurice and his men . '
te	PRES	Boone leans back in the booth , his eyes roaming over the crowd .
te	PRES	The stone sparkles an iridescent blue .
te	PRES	Jack pauses for several seconds .
te	PRES	""" While waiting for my pre-ordered DVDs to arrive , and never keeping the files for more than 24 hours !"
te	PAST	He skimmed his hand over her hair , palming the back of her head .
te	PAST	I realised that fate had already started a new chapter already , in this island corner of spacetime .
te	PRES	I pour a cup of coffee and watch Miami fade below us .
te	PRES	As he lay back in the warm water , he emptied his mind .
te	PRES	As she allows the fear to wash away , she rushes to Elizabeth and helps her back up to a sitting position on the table .
te	PAST	They demolished the two baskets in a few minutes , and Evan finished my root beer .
te	PRES	"It surrounds us , protects us , gives us life . """
te	PRES	I peer into the envelope and pull out a ticket .
te	PAST	The sack of oats , which had landed between Earl and Clint , twitched .
te	PRES	His hands hook around my wrists , and he pulls them away from my face .
te	PRES	Serena swings her trident in a wide arc over her head , gaining momentum .
te	PRES	So many people counting on you .
te	PAST	""" A man attacked me in the bar ."
te	PAST	She wrinkled her nose .
te	PAST	More horns blared as other cars struggled to miss the careening automobile .
te	PRES	""" A fine appetizer , but much more awaits us this blessed night . """
te	PAST	Eleanor unlocked and opened the camera in its mahogany frame .
te	PRES	Instead of answering , Jase walks back to the Jetta and opens the passenger door , gesturing for me to climb in .
te	PAST	I summoned my very best smile and looked up at him .
te	PRES	""" It 's a pleasure to meet you , Tess ."
te	PAST	She licked her lips and stared out across the farm .
te	PAST	Or had he simply guessed ?
te	PRES	""" And a great teacher . """
te	PRES	Camille shakes her head .
te	PRES	Tammie shakes her head emphatically .
te	PAST	Strolling through the street , looking at the storefronts , I pretend it 's just any other day .
te	PAST	""" Bella , "" she choked ."
te	PRES	Lisa 's eyes widen .
te	PAST	"They tasted like summer grass and cool water . """
te	PAST	he choked out , trying to pull away .
te	PRES	She always finds herself in need of a pause because even though it wouldn 't hurt her , yet , it will hurt everyone else around her .
te	PRES	You build something great , something large , something that gets people 's attention and you 're remembered forever .
te	PAST	He tiptoed quietly over to the gate and slowly lifted the open lock and put it down on his bed making absolutely no sounds at all .
te	PAST	Tears shimmered in his beautiful eyes .
te	PAST	The meat sizzled and Paul coated it liberally with some garlicky kind of sauce .
te	PAST	She owed Sandi , and she was thankful to have her as a friend .
te	PRES	Correct , and circle plus circle equals square .
te	PAST	They owed him information .
te	PRES	"The one Sebastian controls . """
te	PRES	She keeps glancing at Ervin 's fins as they swim .
te	PRES	""" I know , Lot ."
te	PRES	And who else exists in this timeline but not in the other ?
te	PRES	""" Aidan , hey , It 's me , John !"
te	PRES	Emma shouts down the hallway .
te	PAST	No one deserved such a fate .
te	PRES	""" Control freak . """
te	PAST	"I sipped the wine , as he swallowed hard , saying , "" More than you know . """
te	PRES	""" Stefan Salvatore ! """
te	PRES	"I refuse to lose another brother . """
te	PRES	She leapt at me again .
te	PAST	Jared 's nose wrinkled in disgust .
te	PAST	The candle in the center of the table flickered , casting Sara 's face in a warm glow .
te	PAST	He tapped the phone and then let out a sigh before standing up and walking over to me .
te	PRES	My mouth hangs open for a moment , and then I start to laugh .
te	PAST	The man shivered and shook .
te	PRES	Tabitha leapt onto Jacobs turned back and the strangest feeling came over her .
te	PRES	""" My wife prefers I get rid of all my distractions at the same time . """
te	PAST	She quickly tamed the fluffiness as best she could , wrapping her hair into a bun .
te	PRES	""" Sure , go on in , "" she replies , waving me in ."
te	PRES	"And also a rubber bracelet . """
te	PAST	The plane bucked as if straining against invisible ropes .
te	PRES	She admits that she and Kelsey have more of a surface-level friendship because Kelsey never lets people get close , which sort of shocks me .
te	PRES	""" Yeah , until Ty decides how to pay ya back . """
te	PAST	He strode to the railing overlooking the main deck where the entire crew assembled , not in any particular order ; they were not a military organisation .
te	PAST	She choked on a laugh .
te	PAST	Sandra punched a button and answered the call .
te	PAST	""" Dev - "" "" I swore I would do better and try harder ."
te	PAST	And with that the crow bowed deeply .
te	PAST	""" So much for trying to impress her , "" I remarked dejectedly while slowly shaking my head ."
te	PRES	"You wan na play with me ? """
te	PAST	She kisses me back , her mouth soft and insistent against mine .
te	PAST	It tasted like peppermint and smoke and warmed him on the cold surface of the rock .
te	PRES	""" Yes , for us white colonial settlers I think so , but it is as it should be ."
te	PAST	Argos summoned her to clear the way for the next Captain in Transit -- to eliminate any trace of them or their final days of madness .
te	PAST	He yearned for a sense of normalcy beyond the stifling walls of the palace .
te	PRES	The fire crackled with settling logs , hissing at the damp tinder .
te	PRES	She laughs at me when I say that .
te	PRES	She kisses his head and cheeks and his filthy hair and finally , his mouth .
te	PAST	With that , he cracked a smile and quickly faded out , fading in only to pick up his discarded staff .
te	PAST	Loneliness crept in along with the amber glow of the lamps .
te	PAST	""" Eventually , Loki convinced others to follow him , and he created his own army of gods , creatures , and mortal warriors ."
te	PAST	Auron sipped on his tea with such annoyance watching his master laugh at his hair .
te	PAST	Riley directed his warning toward Sam , and I rolled my eyes at his machismo .
te	PRES	Camilla sobs even louder , her cries shuddering out of her pathetically .
te	PRES	Just as the cloud tunnel started to close in on them , it suddenly vanished .
te	PRES	""" He 's the gent you were asking me about , ain 't he ?"
te	PRES	""" Or the wind that sweeps across the plain ."
te	PAST	A few people even bowed as they passed .
te	PAST	He remarked that he had been on the beach too and had seen how the whore couldn 't get enough of that slick nigger .
te	PAST	"He is on the Board of Trustees for the new college , "" Sarah conveyed ."
te	PAST	With my nerves on fire , I crept through the house and felt this malevolent intensity rolling out from Declan 's door .
te	PRES	JJ keeps smiling at his crossword book , obviously trying not to laugh at me .
te	PAST	He hovered above me , and kissed me with great intensity and passion .
te	PAST	I wrinkled my nose .
te	PRES	""" And drives them in where , exactly ?"
te	PAST	Still , I hunkered down , protecting my head as best I could .
te	PRES	Aurora accepts 30 of its days as equaling a month and 10 months as equaling a metric year .
te	PRES	She pauses , the kind of pause you take when you 're deciding whether or not to share something personal .
te	PAST	the man declared , as if solving a puzzle .
te	PAST	""" I 'm so glad to see you , "" he confided ."
te	PAST	His mouth tasted of wine and him .
te	PRES	Looking at Des , he appears confident , not at all worried , and very , very excited .
te	PAST	A fire sprang to life in the hearth .
te	PAST	She shivered again , almost twitching .
te	PRES	The thickly scattered orange freckles on the shoulders ?
te	PRES	""" More soup ? """
te	PAST	She gestured toward a group of women by the water .
te	PAST	She shivered , remembering what Simon had told her about the pregnant female fleas burrowing into the skin of human feet , where they die .
te	PRES	She keeps black ink , loose broom straws and turpentine .
te	PAST	Every time he walked a circuit of the cabin , his gut nagged him with worry .
te	PRES	* * * Harlin drives us across town to Diner 51 .
te	PRES	His brows knit as he stared down at his half-eaten meat pie .
te	PRES	""" And they deserve to know they are being deceived . """
te	PRES	""" I object . """
te	PAST	Rachel unlocked the front door and opened it , stepping out on the front porch .
te	PAST	I argued with myself on either doing homework or writing .
te	PAST	""" Okay , your stepdad . """
te	PAST	Mark Wong , my dentist , hailed me .
te	PRES	""" Shouldn 't be too much of an issue , depends on the timing really ."
te	PAST	Whatever it was , nearly half of my math class congratulated me as though the nomination was something to be proud of , rather than embarrassed about .
te	PAST	I confirmed with everyone involved in taking your X-Rays .
te	PAST	Theo rifled through ; lots of large checked jackets in lurid blue or red , or black dinner jackets with satin lapels .
te	PRES	Michael and Ben 's grandmother swam out into the middle of the river , got into difficulties and was beginning to drown .
te	PRES	""" No worries . """
te	PRES	Sarah assures him though that she is in good hands .
te	PRES	""" But that concerns me ."
te	PAST	They greeted her , but quickly went about their business .
te	PRES	He unlocks his door and reaches inside for his phone .
te	PRES	Lucent nods in admiration .
te	PRES	Pulling her hair over one shoulder , he leans down and kisses her neck before he starts massaging it .
te	PRES	the Guardian barks at me .
te	PRES	He smells so fine , just like I remembered .
te	PRES	"What worries you ? """
te	PAST	Liquids flowed beneath its surface .
te	PRES	He backs off , the increased distance almost imperceptible , but to me it is a dangerous gulf .
te	PAST	Bits of memory brush me , revealing what he treasures most .
te	PAST	He taught me about cap styles : thin , outline , fats , super fats , calligraphy , needle , and stencil .
te	PAST	""" One body , "" Mrs. White corrected ."
te	PRES	Cole knelt on a flat rock that slightly overhung the pond .
te	PRES	Cassidy scented it , Reid 's body heating into the flare that built right before he vanished .
te	PAST	I rocked back on my heels and almost toppled over before I managed to find my balance .
te	PRES	chapter fifty-four Gliding out of the darkness , I emerge into brilliant light and bold colors .
te	PRES	""" She 's in here , "" she shouts ."
te	PRES	""" Did Lila bake this morning ? """
te	PAST	A chill slithered over my body , my heart thumping in total silence .
te	PAST	She pleaded for death , but it never came .
te	PAST	Every year thereafter my bonds weakened a bit more , and I could roam a bit farther and cause a little more trouble closer to town .
te	PAST	With his cheek against the top of her head , he stroked her hair as she listened to his heart pounding .
te	PRES	"Your family dies with you . """
te	PAST	His arms caged me .
te	PRES	I pray for your happiness , your safety , and your loved ones .
te	PRES	The smell of the burning wood from the campfire floods him with memories of camping with his father back home .
te	PRES	Emotion swam in their depths .
te	PRES	she squeals as she grabs one quickly and slides it on .
te	PAST	Ezio summoned a meeting of the Brotherhood on Tiber Island that night .
te	PRES	The puff of air from my splat gun iced through me .
te	PAST	""" All opposed ? """
te	PAST	Then I flopped back on the king-size bed .
te	PAST	""" It 's weird , that 's all I 'm saying , "" she hissed in reply ."
te	PRES	But the first shuttle off-loading from the Queen Favor has arrived , and among its passengers walks a giant .
te	PRES	Berg taking pictures , ogling Lou , Hammer asking endless questions .
te	PAST	The rain drummed on the roof of the car .
te	PAST	Determination gleamed in her eyes .
te	PAST	The simple biscuit tasted far better than he would have expected and he found himself thinking of home with a sudden longing .
te	PAST	"Riley and I. And mapped the ... "" She hesitated , obviously choosing words carefully ."
te	PAST	And humankind , a painted puppet with overgrown masked face and shrunken heart , abuses her own children and stomps on the dying and the destitute .
te	PAST	A chair squeaked in the background , and I could picture Merrick shifting his powerful frame .
te	PRES	""" On hopes and fears -- the Hermit ."
te	PRES	""" I beg pardon for my intrusion , "" a young woman insists , her immaturity masked well in her confidence ."
te	PRES	A wave of nausea hits me and I have the overwhelming sensation to hurl .
te	PRES	She walked behind one of the jailers , a female vampire of Indian origin , her skin slightly paler than that of her human counterparts .
te	PRES	""" Where ya going , Steve ? """
te	PAST	They swarmed fast and reached the blazing flames rising up into the bloodstained sky .
te	PRES	""" And lay the blame squarely upon the Italians ' doorstep ."
te	PRES	He texts back right away .
te	PRES	"I - "" Yves cut off his words when he realized he had interrupted Innocent . """
te	PAST	""" It 's been a while , "" she panted , wrapping her arms around his neck to hold on tight ."
te	PAST	Her fingertip traced a symbol near one of the hinges .
te	PRES	Ethan rushes over to Emma , taking her by surprise ; he places his arms around her and squeezes her tightly against his chest .
te	PAST	Brand gulped and looked around .
te	PAST	""" But what about granddad ? """
te	PAST	She pitied my mother and despised her at the same time .
te	PRES	She leapt to her feet , blinking away her tears so she could see .
te	PAST	The friends silently pitied the terrified boy as they regarded him with his quiver on his back and his father 's too large bow in hand .
te	PAST	He apologized to those he had disturbed and stumbled off , with his legs still half-asleep , in search of an open space in the crowded pen .
te	PAST	Niall licked his lips nervously .
te	PAST	His thumb traced her cheek , softly wiping a single anger filled tear making its way down her face .
te	PAST	I flopped into bed and laid there , forcing myself to think about happier things , about the new job I would start on Monday .
te	PRES	The bridge collapses , the One Beneath can 't get here , Elizabeth 's defeated , and it 's the best Thanksgiving ever .
te	PAST	The humans sagged , unconscious at their consoles .
te	PAST	Immediately the Blues Brother 's - Everybody Needs Somebody to Love blasted over the speakers .
te	PAST	The insolent youth doubled over .
te	PAST	"Emma declared "" No , no one has it . """
te	PRES	The topic of conversation appears serious by the stern frown in Meredith 's forehead .
te	PAST	He nibbled on my earlobe .
te	PRES	""" Time flies when you are having fun ."
te	PAST	I whack the dull combs of a small sparkling pink gem tiara into my messy silver hair .
te	PAST	The magazine listed his net worth as equal to Bill Gates .
te	PRES	"It smells of death . """
te	PRES	She fixes on a thing , and she hears no argument .
te	PAST	She swore under her breath then quickly walked to the front door and out onto the veranda to take the path to the bike shed .
te	PAST	Sam chewed at her fingernails .
te	PRES	As I 'm about to knock on the door , it flies open , startling me .
te	PRES	My body shakes just having her close as my fingers dig into her soft flesh .
te	PAST	He stroked her hand as it laid on the table .
te	PRES	The hardware store keeps us busy .
te	PRES	"Flynn shakes his head in amazement , "" Your instructors must have been terrible then ."
te	PRES	Jenny shakes her head .
te	PRES	""" Hello Rebecca , "" Fergus almost purred ."
te	PAST	Noelle 's green eyes darkened as she looked at his nak * d chest and she let out a feminine sigh of approval .
te	PAST	Valerian swore softly and tugged vainly , with his legs braced against the chair .
te	PAST	Reaching over , he skimmed his hand up my leg , swerving to miss a nasty bruise .
te	PRES	I admire the way she didn 't acknowledge any of the insults Tad hurled my way .
te	PRES	His breath smells like gin and his eyes are red .
te	PAST	Now , I suddenly grasped the other consequences .
te	PAST	""" Some warrior you are ."
te	PRES	""" I 'm a special sort of handler , "" he continues ."
te	PRES	Aria 's dark eyes widen with the recognition of her adversary .
te	PAST	Dayne stroked his chin .
te	PAST	Cassidy batted her eyelashes at him and put on a sugary voice .
te	PRES	The moon hangs over the stadium , a sliver in the sky .
te	PAST	I crept around to the back door , retrieved the spare key under the mat , and unlocked the door .
te	PRES	The scent of blood finds the beast 's nostrils as it circles away , ushering it back in for the kill .
te	PRES	""" Oh man , that sucks . """
te	PRES	I absolutely adore you .
te	PAST	A better girl than I deserved .
te	PAST	""" When you picked up the child , you kidnapped a woman and a man ?"
te	PAST	I vaulted over the railing around the porch and landed with both feet on the ground , giving my innards a jolt that sent them reeling .
te	PAST	""" And remind me again , what war ? """
te	PRES	""" My dad owns it ."
te	PAST	Leo bellowed desperately from below .
te	PRES	""" Because I can be discreet ? """
te	PAST	A flash of movement captured my attention .
te	PRES	"32 "" Admiral ! """
te	PRES	Then she knelt at the boy 's side .
te	PRES	When I mention that I 'd like to see what Locke has brought back from his travels , Geist agrees with reluctance .
te	PRES	Powerhouse memorized the sound .
te	PRES	' It has a familiar ring to it , I gather ? '
te	PRES	She regards him with a mixture of amazement and frustration . '
te	PAST	She strolled deeper into the living room .
te	PAST	She stood her ground though , her high-heeled feet digging into the floor as his brutal fingers jammed her jaw .
te	PAST	Embry pursed his lips , looking surprised .
te	PRES	They currently traversed an area of the forest that was sparsely populated with trees .
te	PRES	She observes me over the rim of her new sunglasses .
te	PRES	""" So , they skate the perimeters of the law . """
te	PAST	Going up the stairs posed an even bigger obstacle , while trying not to bump her over hanging head against the handrail posts .
te	PRES	""" Yeah , "" Kiersten laughs ."
te	PRES	Numbness spreads through me like poison , lurching from my fingertips to my toes .
te	PRES	""" Poor Bates . """
te	PAST	Soon , the lines resumed their protective hum .
te	PAST	""" Mine will need me , when I go back in six months ' time , "" echoed Ben ."
te	PRES	No more surprises , no more challenges to overcome .
te	PAST	Derek heaved a deep sigh , a stoic expression coming over his chiseled face .
te	PAST	Spider drank some of the water .
te	PAST	It merely clung , and might scrape loose if he wasn 't careful .
te	PRES	"Tonight , we feast ! """
te	PAST	Barrier in place , he eased above her , settling between her legs .
te	PAST	I wrinkled my nose .
te	PAST	Then Bin Laden attacked the U.S. Forty-eight hours later everything had changed .
te	PRES	She scratches her head .
te	PRES	Behind it , the cub raises its head to look at me , a perfect miniature .
te	PAST	I drank from my glass of milk .
te	PRES	He nods , but his aqua eyes are still fixed on me , like he 's trying to read my soul .
te	PAST	Realization dawned on Cole 's face .
te	PRES	""" Shane , I -- "" "" Morganville 's changing you , "" he said ."
te	PRES	""" Emma Adams . """
te	PRES	I emptied my glass and poured myself a second .
te	PAST	"I promise you I 'll do it , "" Sally asserted fiercely , frantically fending off more blows ."
te	PRES	Bad Memories watches me , but says nothing .
te	PAST	He bumped over the inactive railroad line , its remnants still asserting a right from a wrong side of the tracks despite the equalizing weeds .
te	PAST	Her gaze pleaded with his .
te	PAST	My shoulders slumped and I hopped out of the plane .
te	PAST	When Janie arrived on the following Monday , didgeridoo music blared from the far cubicle and the office felt lighter , somehow .
te	PRES	' Thanks Dwight . '
te	PAST	Madeline 's fingers crept up to her own necklace , and she finally realized what I meant .
te	PRES	He teases and taunts it as well .
te	PAST	He disliked the sentiment but that was part of the smokescreen .
te	PRES	Sykes flies backward , a jet of steam squirting from the hole .
te	PAST	""" It just occurred to me that I could so I tried it . """
te	PRES	""" He keeps the hearts ."
te	PAST	The locker creaked , then burst open .
te	PRES	Gabe laughs and shakes his head .
te	PAST	Darryl blurted out quickly .
te	PRES	Doug nods , smiling only slightly , the expression in his eyes thanking her for the effort .
te	PAST	She confirmed that the name of Nisha 's boyfriend was Parrish , but could not be sure of the forename .
te	PRES	Kenji cuts her off .
te	PRES	A hologram of Pox appears .
te	PAST	His big body caged me in .
te	PRES	"He probably hopes to test the theory experimentally , here . """
te	PAST	The other man 's short hair gleamed in the light .
te	PAST	She stirred in my arms , wiggling her ass .
te	PAST	With the throttle in his hand , he cranked over the engines , first the left , and then the right .
te	PAST	Cassandra exchanged a determined look with Kat .
te	PAST	The rays of the sun filtered from arbor on the porch and she could no longer read .
te	PAST	Emily huffed quietly beside me at Kara 's hypocrisy , but there was no humor in it .
te	PAST	And he certainly owned a great number of books ... for a barbarian .
te	PAST	""" This is not the time for the archangels to be territorial , "" Mariel protested ."
te	PAST	Just as I did , it reopened , and three more soldiers poured in .
te	PRES	Outside , the tornado grows so close that I could only see the bottom half of the funnel .
te	PAST	Her head bobbed around like a ragdoll , her eyes lifeless and looking skyward .
te	PAST	he hissed , getting Chris 's attention .
te	PRES	I glance over to find Jase still studying her too , his expression impassive .
te	PRES	Cooper raises an eyebrow looking at me .
te	PRES	""" What of your lovers ? """
te	PRES	"Word travels fast , trust me . """
te	PRES	""" And now you regret it ? """
te	PAST	She sipped the coffee and looked at the television .
te	PAST	She fingered his balls gently as she sucked him as hard and fast as she could .
te	PAST	""" I also swore to do everything in my power to protect you ."
te	PRES	He walks over to one of the single person bathrooms along the wall and opens the door .
te	PRES	""" Well if this isn 't a love story why do you two insist on ramming your obvious love down our throats ? """
te	PRES	He gently grabs my arm again .
te	PAST	Your daughter attacked me earlier with her zapper .
te	PAST	She pictured someone deadly but not quite to that extent .
te	PRES	""" What rumors ? """
te	PAST	He reined back his mount - just in time , because suddenly Saracen archers began to appear from the treeline some way ahead of him .
te	PAST	Carefully , he eased more of the blanket under him .
te	PAST	Just as hideous , consumed fully by the Flare , raging mad and injured head to toe .
te	PAST	""" Totally in agreement , here , "" Gary echoed ."
te	PRES	It pained him to know her anger had driven her so far away .
te	PRES	"Like a peacock , Hot Rod . """
te	PRES	My heart beats faster now , for I am well aware of what happens to those who refuse him .
te	PRES	"It sucks to lose a parent , doesn 't it ? """
te	PAST	Hanna cracked a smile at how lame that line was .
te	PAST	In a flash of black fur , Chase leapt for me , leapt for him , but Wilson disappeared .
te	PRES	Jacob unloaded the bikes swiftly from the truck bed , wheeling them one by one into the shrubbery where I hid .
te	PRES	Dham levers up a large chunk and pitches it over the side .
te	PRES	Fuck travel rations ; I had lived on enough hard bread and cheese to last me the rest of my life .
te	PRES	""" Minor mishap , "" I said , consciously not pulling away this time ."
te	PAST	They dashed toward each other , swinging ; their weapons clashed together .
te	PRES	""" Separate checks ? """
te	PAST	Fintan memorized the map so he could figure out where Bob 's ' secret ' entrance to the city was located .
te	PRES	""" Well , it appears this note is for you , John . """
te	PAST	A massive ball of Skyfire roared out of the staff , and hovered above the room .
te	PRES	""" Sleeping peacefully now . """
te	PRES	""" He travels quite a bit for the company , and even more for his personal enjoyment ."
te	PRES	"The house war , therefore , becomes of paramount importance . """
te	PAST	"And then you attacked me . """
te	PRES	I unbutton the next button on her shirt and move my lips a little lower .
te	PRES	She closes her eyes , resigned to trusting James .
te	PAST	My husband strode into the room , checking the kettle on the cook stove .
te	PRES	She closes her eyes and blows out a long breath .
te	PRES	"Rug rats , dying cougars , elephants . """
te	PAST	Clouds overhead blocked any star or moonlight , leaving him in darkness .
te	PAST	Said the eyes of Miss Blackie as she began to rearrange her fur with her tongue .
te	PAST	Her silver eyes glittered like the stones adorning her .
te	PAST	""" Because you 're exhausted . """
te	PRES	""" What kind of theory ? """
te	PAST	Grace batted her eyelashes to punctuate the point .
te	PRES	""" Not bad Charles ... not bad . """
te	PAST	""" You won today , not only because you worked hard but because you believed in yourself ."
te	PRES	""" How about a compromise ? """
te	PRES	Before he had the chance to figure it out , his cell starting buzzing .
te	PAST	Before we could escape , a black airship blocked our exit .
te	PRES	A quick look at the sky reveals the sun is sinking fast .
te	PRES	"She usually laughs it off when she does stuff like that . """
te	PAST	Milton choked on nothing .
te	PAST	I cracked open the can and took a sip .
te	PRES	He glances down at his sweaty T-shirt , then peers up at me warily .
te	PAST	"An insane few weeks , really . """
te	PAST	I eased over beside Elise , who took my hand while we stood listening to Estelle describe the wedding in great detail .
te	PAST	""" They popped Federer 's helmet off so they could watch him die , "" he snarled ."
te	PAST	Soon , Caterina 's moans of pleasure drowned out any other noise to his ear .
te	PAST	""" Not for me it 's not , "" she retorted ."
te	PRES	""" Edna and Pearl . """
te	PAST	He spotted Missy just as she jumped up and kicked him in the back with a pretty impressive move .
te	PAST	Franz unlocked the second door to the left and they went inside .
te	PRES	- And you , Mia , what do you associate with Easter holidays ?
te	PRES	No problem , Rashford assures me .
te	PAST	He hitched the safety line to a small ring on the ship 's metal skin and waved his arm .
te	PRES	CUT TO : - Outside in the hallway .
te	PAST	The frigid air scraped my lungs raw .
te	PAST	I licked my lips , thinking about how I wanted to phrase my answer to that question .
te	PRES	Three stores later , he finds it : a hand-sewn journal , its cover a painted river .
te	PAST	Pond 's shoulders drooped .
te	PRES	You dreamt of a task and here I am to give you just that .
te	PRES	He excused himself , went around the table , and grabbed a bowl of pretzels from the counter .
te	PAST	Letting up on the throttle , Laura eased the boat into its slip at the marina .
te	PAST	The large policeman 's shoulders slumped .
te	PAST	As grey smoke billowed around him , he realised his wings were on fire .
te	PAST	They glittered like bits of starlight on a black velvet sky .
te	PAST	It never occurred to her that Jesus might not have had blue eyes .
te	PAST	She unlocked a door and led him into an office .
te	PAST	He found Ted Smith squatted on the floor , peering up through a small opening by Boiler # 1 , flashlight in hand .
te	PAST	He stroked his beard .
te	PAST	Next he ripped the cotton of Annabelle 's top , causing it to gape open and her to inhale sharply .
te	PRES	His great snout sinks backward into the skull .
te	PAST	With one finger I traced the outline of my bedroom .
te	PAST	The boy choked and spat and coughed , trying to chew around his screams and sobs , wriggling to get free .
te	PRES	He finds the water quickly , and the sound of him gulping it down lasts far too long .
te	PAST	A large lump protruded from his head , and scratches criss-crossed his face .
te	PRES	Gavin leans forward in his chair and puts his elbows on his knees .
te	PAST	Esmeralda paled and took two steps back .
te	PAST	Every night they withered and died , and every morning they were replaced , as fresh as the day before .
te	PAST	Her tears spilled more freely .
te	PRES	She keeps in touch ; I also hear how she 's doing from Vera , her grandmother .
te	PRES	""" Congratulations , "" I squeak out ."
te	PAST	The door creaked open and a young woman stuck her head out .
te	PRES	He leans down and kisses my forehead , causing Helena to take a sharp breath .
te	PAST	"After I steadied myself , he said , "" Remove your shirt please . """
te	PRES	""" Clever bitch ! """
te	PRES	He replies anxiously , picking up his easel .
te	PRES	"Especially if you can actually sneak me out . """
te	PAST	So I packed up the children and decided to surprise her in the Catskills .
te	PRES	""" Where ya off to ? """
te	PAST	Not a speck of dust blanketed the exposed woodwork .
te	PRES	""" Hard liquor . """
te	PAST	"he barked , "" do you know who I am ? """
te	PRES	Soleil laughs like she wouldn 't dream of asking .
te	PAST	He almost swooned with pain because it felt like he had been hit with steel .
te	PRES	""" Daddy cries sometimes , too ."
te	PRES	Like , how many in this squad ?
te	PAST	I eased the car back out onto the highway , the rain still falling lightly as we headed for the small town in silence .
te	PAST	""" I know the last thing you want to do is trust me , "" echoed Ava as I slipped back to Olympus ."
te	PAST	He tapped his fingers restlessly on the wood tabletop between us .
te	PRES	Grotesque metal helmets with iron tongues that gagged the victim .
te	PAST	The surface of the blister pulsed with swirling green lights and was translucent enough to reveal shadows moving within it .
te	PAST	His body protested his movements like being underwater and something in the drink gave him a desire for more until the cup came around again .
te	PAST	Coughing , he pocketed the key .
te	PAST	He rings me most days but he 's not nearly so flirty since London . '
te	PAST	He only thrust harder .
te	PAST	"Oh yes , he suffered . """
te	PRES	The tissue paper shamrocks sway and the confetti stirs on the nearest table .
te	PAST	She strolled as throngs of people moved about her neighborhood .
te	PRES	The rain mats her dark hair against her face .
te	PRES	"You refuse to help with the concert honoring Maestro Hauptmann ? """
te	PAST	He dodged cars and crossed over to check it out .
te	PAST	Her mouth quivered for an instant , and her eyes glistened .
te	PAST	Fletcher 's sharp green eyes tracked up and down my body , silently assessing my injuries .
te	PRES	He pauses and his hands grip the steering wheel and he forces a lump down in his throat .
te	PRES	Those horrible hateful words leapt out at her .
te	PRES	~ That night he dreamt of something in a high narrow house .
te	PAST	"Are you alright ? """
te	PAST	They encouraged me to put on a uniform and deliberately go into harm 's way for them .
te	PAST	""" I overheard your argument with my son at the chamber of commerce banquet . """
te	PRES	"But think about the big picture here , Samantha . """
te	PAST	As she left , her eyes skimmed over Max , but she said nothing .
te	PAST	Chapter 4 The sand was warm against the back of her thighs as Dylan slowly trailed kisses across her jaw and down her neck .
te	PAST	I sprang to my feet and swung , hitting him hard upside the head with the metal bedpan .
te	PRES	The staring continues and Eric glances away first .
te	PRES	"Will you marry me , Lucky ? """
te	PAST	Charlotte and Ben exchanged a glance .
