tr	2	He shuffled up the winding wood staircase , where Alejo assumed her slept .
tr	1	I waltzed up the front walk and right through the door .
tr	2	Echo didn 't flinch , he was too intent on making the psychic connection .
tr	0	""" Damned if I know ."
tr	0	Rand 's expression froze .
tr	0	""" Show her , Kevin . """
tr	2	""" Miss Miriam 's room no longer , "" Furnace reminded him ."
tr	0	""" Daddy 's wallet . """
tr	0	He turned to Rand .
tr	4	"I would say that he sent the ladies on alone and held the hunt here so that they could make it to safety . """
tr	3	""" What 's this crap I don 't have enough food on board to make a meal ?"
tr	5	Scarlett turned and looked down at herself , she looked at her legs and was horrified to discover that they were now long spindly and black .
tr	5	She couldn 't figure out why they were trying only him , but it didn 't take long to find out they 'd found him guilty .
tr	2	I thought we did that a while ago , ' said Reid dully .
tr	2	""" Tell us something we don 't know , "" said Victoria ."
tr	2	Jimmy dropped to the floor again , this time grabbing the shapeshifter 's left leg .
tr	0	He couldn 't remember what .
tr	0	""" Sure I do . """
tr	0	""" Too eventful . """
tr	2	""" Hi it 's David , where the hell are you ? """
tr	4	It thumped as he dragged it to the floor , and my friend spread out the cards , cutting off all other protests .
tr	3	"So as it is with the mountain , it is with this war , "" I replied ."
tr	0	"Look what we got here ! """
tr	5	It would be enough for his family to judge it , and this decision wouldn 't be in any way good to Julian and Mia .
tr	3	The hot liquid trailed down my throat and spread its desperately needed warmth through my body .
tr	5	We are sure there will be no resistance from the nurses and doctors although the foreign owners of the private clinics may squeal a bit . '
tr	4	Alfred locked the door to the single occupancy executive washroom and sent a message to his intelligence contact in Asia .
tr	2	Rand looked again to Bron as if appealing for an answer to the conundrum .
tr	2	""" What makes you think we 're going in the wrong direction ? """
tr	2	He wanted to thank her for the clothes , the nap , and the bath .
tr	0	He raised his hands submissively .
tr	1	Gabe stands up and thrusts back his shoulders .
tr	0	' Hang on ! '
tr	1	""" We were so lucky , "" Sarah said ."
tr	2	He shook his head when his face lit up with an idea .
tr	2	' I told you not to follow us , ' he said harshly .
tr	2	The captain raised his eyebrows at the woman , who was quite shocked , indeed .
tr	0	Time to get dressed .
tr	4	I tumbled and landed on my stomach , face in the grass , right next to a hen pecking at seeds .
tr	5	He said it was especially important for home-schooled students like Chris , who were typically not as exposed to other peoples and cultures as other kids .
tr	5	Hopeful , covert eyes glanced continually from the cooking circle toward the door , invariably returning , sadder , to stare into some personal distance .
tr	4	We found the wreckage of an Osprey up here , passing it up to the coordination team as Foxtrot Four Alpha One .
tr	0	just win at all costs .
tr	4	"This decision is mine , and I accept full responsibility ; but I 'll need your help in carrying it out . """
tr	1	Alejo tried to tell himself he should be happy .
tr	3	She trusted Mark , and if he said to go straight over , then straight over she 'd go .
tr	2	""" Don 't worry , it 's a job already done . """
tr	3	He was already excited about his next visit and took little notice of the long walk home .
tr	4	I first met Solange and Pierre in Paris in the late sixteenth century , not long before I began my travels through Asia .
tr	4	Rapidly backing her against the large gravestone at the entrance , he sees his opportunity to capitalize , spinning into a devastating kick .
tr	1	""" Do not think I would what ? """
tr	0	There was so much to do .
tr	2	A brilliant light leaped out cloaking his face in a soft white glow .
tr	3	The pause on the other end made Seth wonder if the man didn 't believe him .
tr	1	I put my hand on his shoulder again .
tr	1	He looked back at the big gypsy before him .
tr	5	' Farnborough Approach , this is Lady S requesting permission to ' fly by ' , and then join left hand circuit for landing ' .
tr	0	What was he even doing here ?
tr	1	"I shouted , "" Cease fire , cease fire . """
tr	2	Alfred will be in the best hands possible when Ben gets there .
tr	1	""" Whip the dog for his impudence , "" he demanded ."
tr	0	Entry was strictly by invitation only .
tr	0	He 'd stuck up for me .
tr	5	Sprinkled on the floor here ; near the wall , there ; a streak or two where someone may have lain and bled for a time .
tr	5	Leaving the horse where he was tied to a hitching post she and the newly recruited Napoleon went on a stroll through fiddler 's greens surrounding areas .
tr	5	They bumped and knocked around on the seat , Missy holding on for dear life , until Kevin took a side trail out to the main road .
tr	4	Occasionally a small fire or twinkling light gave proof that there were still a few people tenaciously clinging to life .
tr	2	""" Should I bring your food here as well , Captain ? """
tr	4	Murderous and wild rogues often crept in the forest and along the shadowy road edges awaiting an opportunity to attack them .
tr	3	""" I think you like him , "" Jimmy said , spelling it out for her ."
tr	2	It was as though she was looking down on it ... . .
tr	0	Somehow this is funny .
tr	2	""" If we had not been there that night , his son would live still ."
tr	3	""" I 'm out on the Beacons with George , we 'll be back later today ."
tr	2	""" Whatcha gon na do , beat me up , Uncle Ricky ? """
tr	1	"She cleared 5 ' 8 "" on her second try ."
tr	5	I was the hero who stopped a crazed kid and I led the football team to a big victory over one of our most feared rivals .
tr	5	' The sooner we have a fully integrated centralised information system Tony we will be in a better position to eliminate such a threat . '
tr	1	So with nothing else to do , he smiled .
tr	1	Anna frowned and glanced from the immortal to the screen .
tr	1	Kevin didn 't hesitate in choosing the right tunnel .
tr	4	""" We won 't get in trouble for going so close to the king 's lands , will we ? """
tr	4	Once the man had been thrown to the ground , his leg a collapsing wound , Jacob looked at me again .
tr	4	He picked up the final sword lifting it high into the morning airs , a sliver of light glancing off the steel blade .
tr	4	The girls were more likely in the same grade as the younger boys , but Dave and Rob got there first .
tr	2	He leaned against the window frame next to me and gazed outside .
tr	5	When John returned back from his rides and started sharing with Bradley the events of the day , Bradley did not really want to listen to him .
tr	3	Along the seashore , elevated high above the buildings was a stone castle with a green garden .
tr	3	""" You are a fool , Firstborn , yet you prance about like a king ! """
tr	4	""" Eat fast , "" Sarah said when he 'd peeled off his jacket and sat down to his breakfast ."
tr	1	He didn 't have to wait long for an answer .
tr	0	Josie walked boldly into the blackened sands .
tr	3	""" O.k. , that 's one way to look at it , I never thought about it that way ."
tr	3	He appeared to be completely at ease , despite discussing how close the world had come to disaster .
tr	2	""" Still , she did seem much more mature , didn 't she ?"
tr	3	"Told Sykes to set a northerly course , an ' that was all he 'd say . """
tr	2	""" Will do , "" Lilly Ann chirped and left the room ."
tr	0	Rafe grinned towards his friend .
tr	1	"I can feel my feet , "" he yelled again ."
tr	2	Dr. Warner asked in abbreviated speech , a function of his occupation .
tr	2	He took something from his raincoat and tossed it across to me .
tr	2	Dr. Ortega 's face shone slick with sweat above a bushy black beard .
tr	3	"At the time , as you know , I was home in Murray for my father 's funeral . """
tr	5	Chapter 17 Day 18 I wake up all alone in my hotel room , and start to think about the conversation I had with Cole yesterday .
tr	4	""" ... makes it abundantly clear that these are hostile forces and we have to prepare to face them . """
tr	0	"Your life belongs to him now . """
tr	2	"Wasn 't that the same kind of rope we found in Peyton 's apartment ? """
tr	3	Although he had never seen the angry side of Sidney Southington Lyndon , he knew it was there .
tr	5	The first cube was floating with a long cord attached to Ivan and Ivan was kept in trim by the two shuttles on her sides .
tr	2	William and Ben were eyeing each other , a decision being made .
tr	2	When she finally got on board , the impostor greeted her keenly .
tr	0	' Those were tough times . '
tr	2	""" Pick him up there 's a good chap , "" said Jimmy quietly ."
tr	4	They would need a pole with a hook on the end to catch the metal ring on the attic door .
tr	3	Silence , I was hearing only the raindrops outside and my thoughts , being so tortuous and weird .
tr	0	A new musculature hints beneath my skin .
tr	3	I remind myself that charity and mercy are our duty to God , and I soften my tone .
tr	5	She ran off my room so fast , like there was a hiding monster and I went reluctantly to the door , looking back a little disappointed .
tr	1	He turned to Marcus for a little help .
tr	3	Moments later , Chris heard soft whistling , followed by someone singing in a not unpleasant tenor .
tr	0	* * * Our first mission .
tr	2	I distracted myself with a tiny thread unraveling from the cloth napkin .
tr	4	The lowest deck was filled with barrels of ales and cheese and other foodstuffs , acting as both ballast and storage .
tr	1	""" Can we sit down here for a sec ? """
tr	3	They said you were on the bus as well , that bus that had the accident .
tr	1	Friedrich slipped a small rectangular device from his bag .
tr	5	He would either be shutdown and placed into storage where he might never be brought back online ever again , or even more likely ; permanently deactivated .
tr	2	""" Yeah , yeah , "" John said , turning toward the barn ."
tr	4	Lifting his hand , he stares deeply into the swirling glow as the indecipherable voices begin to speak to him .
tr	1	""" Got a couple of guests coming this afternoon . """
tr	3	Scott heard Dan Jansen 's gasp just before the bear pounced on Sidney , knocking her to the ground .
tr	2	""" Roberto , don 't you think we must turn away ? """
tr	5	Dr. Eva called Susan to talk with her , but the conversation didn 't last long with both women breaking down and promising to keep fighting .
tr	2	He was the only person on that island in which I put faith .
tr	1	He caught Sarah smiling as if she already knew .
tr	1	Taylor did not like where this was headed .
tr	4	He carried the bike around to the side of the truck and lifted it up and over , and into the bed .
tr	2	* Gema spent the night in the kitchen wide awake exerting mind over matter .
tr	0	""" A little . """
tr	1	But he had his lawyers working on it .
tr	3	"The flame is beginning to die and we have a long night ahead of us . """
tr	5	Two long , gaping furrows tore canyons through his face , and what passed for a nose looked more like the snout of a feral beast .
tr	4	But he knew he would gladly take orders from the angel with the blonde hair , with or without the coyotes flanking her .
tr	1	""" There must be some way around this ! """
tr	4	Watching the multitude of faces light up is all the confirmation Zelda needs , and with that she calls an end to the meeting .
tr	0	"You just don 't know me . """
tr	5	He used a number of frightening instruments to remove the wire , then used a pair of specialized pliers to twist the brackets from each tooth .
tr	1	An alarm sounded shrilly in the night as we sped away .
tr	0	""" Down there ? """
tr	4	In any case , she and Seamus had fortified themselves inside the house and placed loaded guns by each of the windows .
tr	0	Ok , no sheriff .
tr	2	"Most people wouldn 't live like this if they had a choice . """
tr	0	His eyes are on the dead puppy .
tr	0	"You look a little nervous . """
tr	2	""" My wife -- "" "" Well , why don 't you invite her in ?"
tr	1	I can 't get my glove off fast enough .
tr	1	You could barely see it , but it was there .
tr	5	The jacket , stolen from the unknown Courtier that morning , was too big for him , and it hung limp about his frame in several places .
tr	3	But for now , I want to focus on two things : religion and the monarchy .
tr	2	I glanced over my shoulder , my heart thudding against my ribs .
tr	4	As soon as she lit the cook stove and boiled the water for their tea , she knew he would begin to stir .
tr	3	Beau found by looking through the range finder and then moving the joystick he could move the turret .
tr	3	"She added with a laugh slapping her backside , "" Bring it on kiddo , fatten me up . """
tr	0	He gave him back his sight .
tr	5	The center , for purposes of the tryout , would hike the ball on the third audible , but of course I couldn 't talk .
tr	0	""" The evil knave !"
tr	3	Then the door was kicked clean off its hinges , landing with a crash on the floor .
tr	2	Their backs were now against the hard rock of the cleft with nowhere to run .
tr	0	Jacob and Victoria left the lab .
tr	0	""" May I join you ? """
tr	4	""" You know a lot of this would have been avoided if I had the right information , "" Sampson muttered ."
tr	4	Slowly coming into view , his face tilts up revealing his soulless eyes , his expression that of a calm , collected exterminator .
tr	3	Eda looked surprised and made to answer , but Adele pinched her fingers , stopping her from speaking .
tr	0	She looked up and down the road .
tr	0	Tears flowing for Nabokov and Tolstoy .
tr	1	I leaned over and fiddled with my shoelaces .
tr	4	As the Japanese steadily advanced , we , who were still loyal , waited patently for G.M. to come to its senses .
tr	2	The stranger paused a dozen feet from where I stood , swaying slightly .
tr	0	"That 's very good . """
tr	0	""" What are their names ? """
tr	3	The grins on both of their faces melted away as they looked toward the charred entrance to the bunker .
tr	4	Throughout the day and into the night , the two surgeons worked frantically to save the injured and the dying .
tr	2	Shoes kicking up gravel , we arrived at the carriages and called our own over .
tr	4	A though not his own , spoken from the depths of his mind in his own voice , though it seems distant and warped .
tr	1	They were outnumbered and these men could clearly overpower them .
tr	4	The blindfold pressed his lashes tightly against his cheeks , leaving him blind , each beat of his heart echoing slowly in the darkness .
tr	0	His opinion was known .
tr	0	' Where 's that ? '
tr	5	† † † December 24 , 1624 It has been a year since our ordeal , and here in Portugal on the estate time has passed quickly .
tr	5	""" Your cook has such a way with sweets and spices -- ah , little crab cakes and -- are these lobster patties with ginger sauce ? """
tr	1	The end of school was just days away .
tr	2	His world seemed to be shrinking to the confines of the house .
tr	1	""" Guards out back too , I guess ? """
tr	5	Jeff began putting on his costume as Craig knelt naked in the sand with his hands and feet bound , staring at him in stony silence .
tr	4	Any resemblance to actual events , locales , organizations , or persons , living or deceased , is entirely coincidental .
tr	5	Fog lay thick and heavy in the predawn darkness reducing the visible world to a matter of four or five feet in any given direction .
tr	5	FOUR The Silver Ball In the large conservatory at the side of her home , Doc sat with her feet tucked up on the settee , dozing .
tr	0	I kept my voice low and calm .
tr	1	Then suddenly he laughed the most uproarious laugh of all .
tr	1	""" I remember ... she always seemed tired . """
tr	0	The doctor said it might .
tr	2	""" Well , some of the languages and symbols are oddly familiar to me ."
tr	4	The man , an older gentleman with a bushy white beard , laughed and offered two tickets to us at the normal price .
tr	0	There was no need to consult him .
tr	2	He laughed a bit , feeling a certain exultation at avoiding his mother .
tr	2	""" You may , when lessons are finished , "" Mana replied ."
tr	0	It 's already made .
tr	5	Scarborough quickly shot him a glance that informed him the matter was still serious , so he stopped his outburst and returned to his previous state .
tr	4	John would keep all the doors and windows locked , with the small kitchen window open so he could easily hear and be heard .
tr	3	John on his chair had been placed in the middle of the large blue , plastic tarp .
tr	2	He took Machi 's spear and broke it over his own knee .
tr	2	The Searcher charged across the field , his heart pounding in his temples .
tr	4	The skunky smell pursued him and seemed to grow stronger in his nostrils until he thought he would burst from the stink .
tr	5	"ah , Old One 's have been spotted around here , Uncle Jeff "" Lex asked as they pulled up to the first seismic station ."
tr	2	Setting aside their hurried desertion of the place , they otherwise seemed like professionals .
tr	0	"I think I can handle it . """
tr	5	The fort that Jeff had seen from the ship was an imposing structure with high stone walls that came right to the water 's edge .
tr	1	Adele sighed and snuggled closer against his warmth .
tr	5	"She said , "" Some of these are impressive , but I think there might be a couple of bad apples in the bunch . """
tr	3	George had just poured the sherry when Gema 's green Jag pulled up in front of the house .
tr	0	Gabe 's voice grows softer .
tr	4	He came up onto his knees as he turned her over again , facing her , while he cuddled her in his strong arms .
tr	0	Jimmy closed his eyes .
tr	0	He was weak , but still alive .
tr	0	"Is this accord satisfactory ? """
tr	4	Chris noticed he seemed to take a special glee in glaring at Barney , wondering again just what was the history between them .
tr	1	He took the brush from her and continued .
tr	0	Nancy gave me her motherly smile .
tr	5	"The smartly dressed gentleman sitting in the dirty blue Vauxhall keyed his mike , "" Heading north , "" he said and tucked in several cars behind ."
tr	0	He keeps his tone casual .
tr	4	There was no moon , but the stars were as bright as lanterns , showing the lake below in sharp relief .
tr	3	Then again , how many times had he been called upon to settle any dispute which involved women ?
tr	1	"It 's feeding you , "" Gabe says ."
tr	3	"Let 's take him to the Sunset Inn and set him in a nice bed . """
tr	1	""" Since I 'm going into Cochabamba anyway on business . """
tr	1	' You 're welcome , ' I murmured .
tr	0	Things were looking up for everybody .
tr	0	""" The bus ? """
tr	5	""" I was told later that what she did was called delving , that she was examining me for the qualities of a Blade Master ."
tr	0	' What is it ? '
tr	3	Her surprise was evident in her sudden stillness , but she neither responded nor moved any closer to him .
tr	5	Instead , he picked up nine cases of British pounds sterling from his bank in Switzerland , so as not to break so many U.S. laws .
tr	3	""" All the way dear , science first , "" William said , zipping the suit closed ."
tr	1	Which leads to ... how did life begin ?
tr	3	""" I don 't know how to work your camera and I need the pictures of that intersection . """
tr	5	George , This will help keep you on your toes until I can find you a command , all my best to you and Connie .
tr	2	She folded her arms across her chest and glared at her husband .
tr	2	""" And do you really want to keep wearing those flip flops ? """
tr	3	But he found us to be a respite from the routine that hovered around the place .
tr	5	"Her mother motioned for her to follow and said , "" He probably lives in the cabin during the winter and closes the lodge . """
tr	0	My brothers return together three hours later .
tr	4	He had personally overseen the destruction of the border forts into useless piles of rubble and the desecration of the port cities .
tr	0	' Do you know this man ? '
tr	0	"What did you put in there ? """
tr	5	""" You know what , "" he said to Lilly Ann , "" I don 't need to know everything right this red hot minute ."
tr	5	I had asked Teddy to explain why he had placed this young woman ; she was in fact twenty nine years old , on the pile .
tr	1	' That 's a helluva lot of don 't knows . '
tr	1	' He 's right , ' I said quietly .
tr	3	Minutes later the coffee was exuding its invigorating aroma through the camp and bacon sizzled in the pan .
tr	5	Converted to a garage decades ago , it also had a second room that ran the length of the garage with large windows and a slate floor .
tr	5	The three men wandered over to the open ramp but Chuck stopped when they were about twenty feet away and frowned at the wall of the hangar .
tr	2	He either stays with me here or with Dickie Mason in Hereford .
tr	3	We exited the throne room , collected the waiting guards , and continued down the passage .
tr	4	They had long since been stretched beyond belief , but that was part of the aura that had grown up around him .
tr	1	""" You realize of course that we have security cameras ."
tr	3	Sidney had been very quiet and had kept her gaze out the window during the entire trip back .
tr	1	Adele nodded but Rafe could see her trembling with cold .
tr	1	""" Whoever was on the path didn 't see us ."
tr	5	For the first time since they 'd met this strange new race , Spike wished they could arrive , so he could get out of the heat .
tr	2	asked Lord Brogan , settling himself into a seat by the fire .
tr	5	""" I was thinking of Abby since she 's an adult , but I think you 're right -- you 'd be a better choice ."
tr	1	""" You worried there might be more George ? """
tr	1	Chris was still stewing as the captain glanced skyward .
tr	5	There were other examples of the Bird Seekers ' dedication , sincerity and utter humbleness but it would take a full book to report it all .
tr	3	The other six , including Paulo in his black sweater , walked together into the trees and disappeared .
tr	2	Miriam had gone back to the desk to pile more papers into her arms .
tr	0	""" That 's for sure . """
tr	0	Make a good conversation piece , anyway .
tr	3	The obvious answer would be they developed them to graze on tall foliage , giving them an advantage .
tr	0	""" Not at the Mall ! """
tr	5	It drummed down on the roof so loudly that Neil , who was getting used to going to bed at odd hours , couldn 't sleep .
tr	1	His skin is gray , his suit rumpled .
tr	3	""" I am twenty years a Shaykh , and you are barely a Dervish , girl ."
tr	5	She listened with half an ear , keeping her eyes on her plate , eating the deliciously prepared food consisting of roast beef and vegetables .
tr	1	He didn 't include it in those papers . '
tr	3	"Wouldn 't have believed it if I hadn 't seen it with my own eyes . """
tr	2	Christmas Day marked six weeks plus three days that David had been gone .
tr	3	Thoughts that Roberto was serious when he had fastened her to the railing threw her heart into turmoil .
tr	4	After giving Steve a tentative glance she took two steps toward Scott and extended her hand and the object she was holding .
tr	5	Acting again without an ounce of explanation , he reached out for her , plucked a card from the place over her breast and drew it back .
tr	3	""" Not just any pajamas ... "" I unfold the shirt and cry out in horror ."
tr	4	"Before he left , he set some traps , in the hopes that small animals could be caught to prepare as meals . """
tr	4	Instead , I feint in and out of the shaggy pine trees lining the road and feel the cool rain sliding down my back .
tr	2	I put a hand on his arm and felt the rigid tension running through him .
tr	1	Free me and I swear I will help you rescue Valerian .
tr	0	Reid 's eyes narrowed .
tr	4	""" Well ... it 's stupid I know , but it 's almost like they 're being used as some sort of currency ."
tr	0	""" It does not pain me . """
tr	2	Finan watched as several emotions crossed Lord Rafe 's face and felt sympathy for him .
tr	2	Of course like all moments since the beginning of time , this one too passed .
tr	2	Simon plunged down the steps in breakneck fashion , with Neil following more slowly behind .
tr	1	And now she was stuck here with him .
tr	2	Doors slammed in the distance ; footsteps pounded the floor and drew closer .
tr	0	The guy looked tortured .
tr	4	""" Her whereabouts had to remain a secret , and it was possible that Lady Adele might form some attachment ."
tr	2	"As far as you 're concerned , I 'm simply a governess . """
tr	5	Everything he said seemed to draw him deeper into this deceit , even when baring his soul to her he could not be completely honest .
tr	0	""" This isn 't a joke . """
tr	5	He said that he would wait for the new pilot to arrive , and if everything worked out , the first flight crew would be complete .
tr	3	Spotting Lilly Ann and her rolling canvas a big smile revealed an impressive mouthful of gleaming white teeth .
tr	4	""" Because he starts with me to get along very well and in this way I can see some of his aspects much easier ."
tr	1	I brought some ointment and tended his wounds .
tr	3	After striking the man , she had leapt from her car in a panic to check on him .
tr	0	he slapped Roberto on the shoulder .
tr	1	Satellite reconnaissance showed twenty people staying in the motel .
tr	5	Miriam climbed the stairs , relieved that she wouldn 't have to stay and listen to her aunt 's conversation during a long , formal dinner .
tr	1	She continued before Taylor had time to express his confusion .
tr	4	They were to take up positions while the headquarters platoon remained behind to cover their rear and serve as a reserve if needed .
tr	5	""" You might want to avoid shady corners after sunset in the future , lady , "" a dark , cool voice said from the shadows ."
tr	4	The drive was a short one and they were soon seated at the pub with a round of cold pints in front of them .
tr	3	Perhaps skill in cards is directly related to what game you play , because the man simply fleeced us .
tr	4	The coat tore to shreds and the fire extinguisher blew up sending Macro 's head through the wall behind him .
tr	2	He had caught a lot of flack for that earlier as well .
tr	1	He stood with his back to us , his shoulders heaving .
tr	2	Contractors hired for their own paranormal abilities , coupled with human support agents .
tr	4	A man and woman chained in a wagon , seen through a screen of branches , and a child 's confusion and fear .
tr	1	"I 'm surprised I had room for anything after yesterday . """
tr	2	He glanced to the right and left as if hoping to spot the shooter .
tr	4	She knew she was going to hear all about the winning of her , later on from Simon and Neil .
tr	1	""" That , Ms. Jenkins , is our state record ! """
tr	4	Dread filled her heart as she watched the sailors running around on the deck , furling the sails to dock in the harbour .
tr	5	She knew the bare bones of the matter , but the details could prove useful as Julie kept trying to free herself from a similar fate .
tr	5	"Now climb up the tree there and be gone , "" she nodded toward a series of rungs that ended at the door with the window ."
tr	4	' And if Teddy were to save him a trip then he would forgo the finder 's fee ' ( what a sucker ) .
tr	2	I , for one , could see where the man 's story headed .
tr	4	"If we hadn 't come along and killed most of those bastards , they 'd never have gotten out . """
tr	4	"Feed Tip , "" she ordered and watched the man sink to the chair and cradle the small coyote on his knees again ."
tr	2	"I thought you said this one was it , "" she challenged ."
tr	0	""" Unless it 's yourselves . """
tr	5	Ted 's house literally stood out like a sore thumb in contrast to the neighbor 's places , all of which were slowly falling apart .
tr	5	Looking up , Chris saw the captain still had that faraway look in his eyes , seemingly oblivious to what was going on around him .
tr	0	Tommy assumed he meant bikes .
tr	1	She was fighting , refusing to recognize it .
tr	0	The image imprinted in her mind .
tr	1	There 's been no sun today or the day before that .
tr	0	He took careful aim at the target .
tr	2	Dozens of black-clad figures left their posts on the grounds and hurried towards the mansion .
tr	1	Acknowledgments To all my friends who helped make this possible .
tr	4	""" We can make eight more intersections in eight minutes , and leaving should be just as easy , "" Abby speculated ."
tr	3	Later that day , Sarah watched John 's eyes go from hers to the window and back to hers .
tr	5	As they step inside , the translucent walls ignite brightly , forcing all of them to squint painfully after having been in near darkness for several hours .
tr	2	He pulled an envelope from his coat and slid it across the table .
tr	1	"Our people in Ledbury couldn 't figure it out . """
tr	1	""" Sidney , does Daddy carry a wallet ? """
tr	3	Noah was wearing khaki shorts with leather hiking sandals , and his tanned legs were covered in powdery dirt .
tr	4	The morning of the fourth day we approached one of the smaller cays I had picked out hoping it was uninhabited .
tr	3	He shook his head in wonder at her calm audacity , and fell to devouring his pear .
tr	2	Wouldn 't hurt to remind the rest of ' em who was in charge .
tr	3	""" Hold me , I want to check out the Diamond , "" Isaac said to me ."
tr	0	He needed to be prepared .
tr	5	The attack was too fast for even Link to perceive , his heart sinking as the former patriarch lies inert at the warlock 's feet .
tr	1	He quickly transformed back to his giant form .
tr	2	Sarah 's hand froze as she was wrapping the biscuits and stared at the dogs .
tr	2	Her eyes strained to see the house appear on the horizon over the next hill .
tr	0	"I can 't worry like that ! """
tr	4	The only thing still binding him to this world is regret , and with every admission , the phantom fades imperceptibly .
tr	5	"The Werewolf cells you 're talking about are pure and perfect cells used to make muscle tissue or fibroblasts or ... "" "" What are fibroblasts ? """
tr	2	The light pulses softly beneath her skin , someone else 's energy .
tr	3	She got up and walked behind her mother , who was heading back to the dark stairs .
tr	5	Up to now , there was no such case in our family 's history and we usually don 't make any exceptions from our rules .
tr	2	""" A mare could have made it no plainer , "" he answered disdainfully ."
tr	4	"After breakfast he took her to his grand cabin and said , "" I want us to get married today . """
tr	4	Even so , the impact sends Link flying backward , tumbling to a graceless stop as he finds his footing .
tr	3	Some were groups of ladies with Harry in the centre , obviously some club or other .
tr	3	The man standing looked familiar to him , and he searched his mind to make the connection .
tr	1	But who was she to judge , right ?
tr	0	You seem quieter now ... ... . .
tr	2	If this thing actually moves by itself it is the epitome of a bona-fide miracle .
tr	0	The stranger turned around quickly .
tr	4	Toby directed 006 to turn , stumble for effect , then catch himself and run into the setting sun across the parking lot .
tr	2	Both men looked long into each other 's eyes and shook their heads .
tr	3	He shouted out in pain , then fell to the floor , struggling to catch his breath .
tr	3	Eight hours after we left Baltimore , we landed on a deserted airfield thirty miles outside Paris .
tr	0	Wouldn 't want to lose her .
tr	1	Josie looked up suddenly , her hands still in her pockets .
tr	0	""" The necklace ! """
tr	2	He figured that after this , he might just have to get used to that .
tr	1	"Silly little bugger , "" he added affectionately ."
tr	4	There were very few vehicles that could hold that much gas ; a motorhome and a large moving truck being two .
tr	3	""" Colonel , if I miss something I could get a lot of good people killed . """
tr	2	Somehow it helped to soothe the pain that gnawed away at his soul .
tr	2	Instead he would use my partner as bait to lure me out .
tr	5	""" Someone to share your life with , "" Taylor 's slowly uttered response earned him raised eyebrows and wry smiles from his travel mates ."
tr	2	I went straight ahead in it , closing my eyes and took a deep breath .
tr	1	""" I vowed to protect you , "" he said ."
tr	3	""" You really think a civilization that can cross the stars would send an inadequate force ? """
tr	2	"As I recall it was not so important to you once . """
tr	2	""" Come , Finan ; now who 's being the fool ? """
tr	2	"Christy broke the spell , "" Wow , it 's so pretty ! """
tr	4	It said how sorry she was for the short notice , and that she 'd be in touch when she got back .
tr	5	Chapter 9 The little red car took the winding road from Hereford to Eaton Bishop in its stride leaving a brittle exhaust note lingering behind .
tr	3	He gently pulled up one of the levers , which promptly raised the fork until the chain was tight .
tr	0	""" What is it ?"
tr	3	""" My point is that we 're not free , and it 's ridiculous to say so . """
tr	2	In Peyton 's apartment , it was Malcolm who brought me the rope .
tr	0	""" Hey , wait a sec . """
tr	3	"If all 's quiet we 'll do our recce in the morning , OK with you ? """
tr	3	Lilly Ann had made you an enigma wrapped in a riddle every time your name came up .
tr	0	""" Yes , mama . """
tr	0	Rafe smiled a little .
tr	4	The connection went through as though Robbie were just around the corner , Robbie 's strong Scottish burr coming through the speaker .
tr	2	She started to blush heavily with embarrassment and turned back towards the door .
tr	1	Sarah couldn 't imagine what she must look like to him .
tr	0	Gabe opens the door .
tr	4	The great assassination , that rocked a whole nation ; Where the killer shot true lays a diamond of blue .
tr	4	""" Yeah , it 's because I 'm growing so fast that I need more sleep , "" she hypothesized ."
tr	2	It was only a matter of time until they flushed out the shapeshifter .
tr	4	Dad must be worried sick , and I couldn 't bear to think about Malcolm and the lasting effects of his words .
tr	5	He would jump up , or dive sideways -- but he didn 't try to bat the ball away -- he tried to catch it .
tr	5	Stunned , he leaned back against the rock ; if he just had one more clip of ammo , he could end this pursuit now .
tr	5	Anderson was worried about the spy in their midst , but Reggie didn 't think they could give anything away the spy didn 't already know .
tr	3	We need to stop whoever tries to crash our party before they can do some real damage .
tr	1	""" Are you still wearing that stupid tray ? """
tr	1	I rose and followed Reid to the woods .
tr	5	Not only was the Confederate encampment targeted : loading docks on the river , telegraph offices , livery stables and blacksmith shops were also targeted .
tr	1	""" Two spoons of jam and tea without sugar or milk ."
tr	2	""" Have a rest inside , and we can talk later , "" she said ."
tr	0	""" Truly sorry to hear that ."
tr	4	Her back was to Miriam , so the girl darted in , grabbed a piece of bread from a plate and darted out again .
tr	5	Suddenly the car appeared from the corner , turning wildly , making a loud screeching sound ; it smashed few people and crashed on the wall .
tr	4	"Turning to Chris , he asked , "" You wouldn ' know anythin ' ' bout that , would ya now laddie ? """
tr	3	Gabe 's voice pitches out as a sob that cuts something small and fragile inside of me .
tr	5	' Drat ' , he thought that he had been so clever , but at least he knew that he had made the right decision .
tr	0	he asked with his trademark smirk .
tr	5	Like a primitive savage , Dane stood there among the dead and dying , with a snarl on his lips and green fire in his eyes .
tr	0	""" And then there 's the inn ."
tr	3	""" So , a few weeks of your help is not going to solve the problem ? """
tr	1	They were two months into their new life .
tr	2	She felt just a little dizzy but swallowed hard and took a deep breath .
tr	2	He vaguely remembered meeting some little girls who were visiting there years and years ago .
tr	0	I will give them hell .
tr	0	"I 'm sick of the jungle . """
tr	1	""" Does your whole family work here ? """
tr	4	I crawled to the back of the hole and curled into a ball , hoping , praying , they wouldn 't see me .
tr	2	The wounded man looked at Sarah , his face contorted with loathing .
tr	3	Neil quickly gave a perfunctory dunk , and his hands were wiped for him with a linen towel .
tr	2	""" Toby , you are some 7 year old , "" said Jacob ."
tr	1	She 'd have to dig deep for this one .
tr	2	Again Austin was right on my tail , in front of the girls .
tr	2	When their city was completed , they slew all the black slaves .
tr	5	I arose early and skimmed through the bios there would be plenty of time to study them and get to know the individuals in person .
tr	2	A couple of people turned , smiled at her and seemed to be watching her .
tr	1	Fear drenched my body in a cold sweat .
tr	2	""" I don 't think predators will attack in the daylight , "" he said ."
tr	0	I stared at Anna .
tr	0	Chris wasn 't sure about that .
tr	2	"I have never seen a part of the Dream Valley such as this . """
tr	0	Her eyes were on his boots .
tr	3	However , in reality , she was nervous and did not want to show it to Roberto .
tr	5	"Because of that belief , provisions were put into the Constitution that allowed the House to overrule any other branch of the government , "" Lars continued ."
tr	4	After a lightning fast all around grooming sequence the three of them sat at a picnic table in the yard and enjoyed their sandwiches .
tr	0	He pauses and doubt laces his voice .
tr	0	""" Yea we could do that Rob ."
tr	3	""" The plan seems sound , I foresee no difficulty , "" Rafe 's voice was slow ."
tr	3	""" He needs milk , David , "" Sarah said , the panic still with her ."
tr	3	The Spaniard 's short , bulky frame concealed his strength and speed , both with weapons and his fists .
tr	4	""" Here , try this , "" Fritz put a full glass in front of Taylor , "" tell me what you think . """
tr	1	""" What do they put in it now ? """
tr	4	As far as I was concerned the statute of limitations had run out and the evidence had for the most part been consumed .
tr	0	""" Adele is amiable ."
tr	2	I expected the smell of cinnamon and ginger because Marie always baked .
tr	4	He snatched it off the shelf and stuffed the letter in the middle of the book before putting it back .
tr	1	His hat was bobbing up and down on his head .
tr	3	He had known Rafe since birth and had never before seen him make such a hideous display .
tr	1	Together they saw a lot of action in the jungle .
tr	4	It took him almost twenty minutes to reach the site and he spotted the Lyndon Logging trucks on the west side of the jam .
tr	1	I need time to think ... ... . .
tr	5	Robinson gripped the mallet in one hand as she grabbed hold of the cargo net with the other and the two swung themselves over the side .
tr	2	"If they try that stunt again , ask them for a "" riding coupon "" ."
tr	5	Hank set about preparing camp for the evening while Antonia tended to Teresa , attempting to make the child comfortable and warm for the cold night ahead .
tr	3	A purple , forked tongue darted in and out of the lizard 's mouth as it tasted the air .
tr	1	They were always flashy and dressing in garish costumes .
tr	0	They 're such jerks .
tr	0	""" He had John ."
tr	3	Howard is always reminding us that it 's the crews that bring in the actual revenue .
tr	5	He looked out the window and saw the wings flexing up and down so much he wondered how far they could bend before they broke off .
tr	5	Things went on like this for a couple of weeks and , although I didn 't know it at the time , I was happy .
tr	1	It hums in gentle cadence with his dreams .
tr	2	""" We 've established I 've been here before , "" Mark reminded her ."
tr	0	They 're already running pictures of her .
tr	0	""" Wait , "" Scott said gently ."
tr	2	Finally Cisco spoke , and the anger in his voice was unmistakable .
tr	3	The vegetables would only go on once the turkey was almost cooked , the kitchen a hive of activity .
tr	2	""" Miriam has expressed her apologies , and I think we should accept them . """
tr	4	Not at the knife sticking out of the stranger 's back , but at the nickel-plated revolver Carlos had produced from somewhere .
tr	2	They both fell asleep , once he was certain she was all right .
tr	1	John looked from one parent to the other .
tr	2	""" This secret has been guarded for half a century , "" she said ."
tr	2	""" I can 't believe how much progress you 've made , "" Chris said ."
tr	3	Even if you do not deserve my help , and because I love you , I will help you .
tr	0	""" I 'm a teenager !"
tr	5	For long seconds the forest was silent , drawing the lowering dusk about itself , anxious for the lengthening shadows to hide what had happened .
tr	3	""" There 're a couple of consortiums that 've been working on the idea for a few years now ."
tr	5	Competent in only the most trivial of matters , Dane had been an office jockey dumped on them against his will by their record company .
tr	0	"Ahmad has no place to run . """
tr	5	It was hard to predict for an outsider how rapidly these clouds would get bunched up against the rising terrain to form a solid shield of rain .
tr	4	Chapter 26 Two weeks pass , and something like a routine begins to develop until Gabe finds an angel and we go after it .
tr	0	' You 've been busy . '
tr	4	Ocarina in hand , Link is already playing Epona 's song as he runs , his trusty horse galloping toward him in seconds .
tr	0	""" Tell me about it . """
tr	5	His head turned , and when he reopened his eyes , he was looking directly at a pair of men , approximately seventy-five meters away .
tr	3	There they were riding on the back of what looked much more like a shiny duck than an airplane .
tr	2	""" I 'm normally against hitting a woman , "" Mark said ."
tr	3	The guy , which hit me , pulled up my dress , trying to pull out my underwear .
tr	2	"Had I not defeated it most surely you would have been found . """
tr	0	""" No one will recognize you . """
tr	2	Both were carrying back packs and Uzi sub machine guns strapped across their chests .
tr	2	No , he was not Finn , she reminded herself : he was Lord Rafe .
tr	4	This is when I should try an escape , when I should scream for help or otherwise try to save myself .
tr	4	He saw himself over looking a cliff with water falling on his left and an expanse of trees divided partially by a broad river .
tr	2	Throughout our conversation , I 've been steadily pulling myself up to the bar .
tr	0	I recognize this guttural cry .
tr	4	We proceeded swiftly along a deserted corridor and came to a spiral staircase carved in the wall of the castle .
tr	0	""" No , dammit !"
tr	5	""" Even in all the evil I saw in Vietnam I was able to find some good in the faith of some of the men ."
tr	2	They had a school , and three or four hundred people coming to their church .
tr	5	The tip of the device is then placed into a container and a handle is squeezed , allowing whatever is in the cylinder to fall out .
tr	3	""" You had best not let me catch you playing the bridegroom to Adele , Finan ! """
tr	0	"That 's all we know . """
tr	4	She fits the profile , Scott : four years as a programmer for the DOD , fired for insubordination last September .
tr	1	"Commander 's going to be seriously pissed . """
tr	0	Tomas shook his head .
tr	0	""" Jesus , "" David said ."
tr	5	""" A few months back , the Captain 's platoon was deployed to Sierra Muerte along with Colonel Nero 's team and a bunch of infantry ."
tr	4	The first column was nearly halfway past them , headed up the road to the ruined castle , arranged in siege formation .
tr	4	It would charge a car battery which could be used to power just about anything small for a short period of time .
tr	4	""" You can see where I marked our point of entry , as well as our current position , "" Aries continued ."
tr	2	""" That means a good dinner wasted , like as not . """
tr	0	""" Verdict on what sir ? """
tr	1	""" Why not just call the sheriff ? """
tr	0	Lilly Ann was curious .
tr	4	Horses which could have been ridden or worked had by now almost disappeared as they had been killed for food .
tr	5	Within fifteen minutes I had found out that she was divorced , Skinner was her maiden name and B was for Brian , her brother .
tr	4	The tactical targeting visor , made of dense polycarbonate plastic , tough enough to withstand gunfire , snapped in half .
tr	2	"They wanted to be the heroes of the day , I guess . """
tr	1	Flames from the far opposite walls looked like matches .
tr	3	""" I 'm telling you to , it 's not invading if you 're invited . """
tr	0	""" Scary , huh ? """
tr	1	""" They wouldn 't do that , "" he thought ."
tr	1	Without asking he put drinks in front of each of them .
tr	4	If ever he managed to extricate himself from this horrendous tangle , he would never seek to mislead anyone ever again .
tr	4	""" Well , Mike was going to take me over to the mess tent for lunch and meet the rest of the team first ."
tr	2	Simon resumed his position , crossed his eyes , and stuck out his tongue .
tr	3	""" You didn 't have to come back here , sir , "" someone said cheerfully ."
tr	3	""" We got a little tied up down there going through a couple of backpacks . """
tr	2	Well , I can pour myself a cup of milk , Miriam reasoned .
tr	2	""" If we wait but a moment Finn will make all plain to us . """
tr	0	She stepped away from him .
tr	5	"Save you the trouble of coming up to London and I could do with a bit of a break , anywhere decent to stay ? """
tr	4	"It 's nothing I can put my finger on exactly ... sometimes I guess I 'm afraid he can read my mind . """
tr	0	They helped her into the long boat .
tr	1	"BP is eighty over fifty-five , pulse ox is eighty-five . """
tr	1	""" Facebook , "" Gabriel answered , matter-of-factly ."
tr	5	""" It would have been fine , "" she argued , "" if you had handed it back to me when I told you to . """
tr	5	Back in the village , the different parts would be divided and given to the person whose craft it was to make the most out of them .
tr	5	Being a rat owner myself , I know it is best to buy them at a young age , because they are easier to train .
tr	1	""" Let 's see if we can find out . """
tr	5	Climbing atop one of the pillar bases that still stands , rift spots a small chest at the far end of the room upon a pedestal .
tr	3	Bethany shivered and burned with fever and Nathan feared she wouldn 't make it through another night outdoors .
tr	4	He had never considered himself needy or overly emotional , but the recent attacks had undermined his self-worth more than he admitted .
tr	2	""" I 'll sweep and see if I can pick up a trail . """
tr	3	Chet looked down into the darkness between the logs and could see a slight flutter of white .
tr	1	I studied him silently , nodded and gathered my weapons .
tr	3	"And finally , I 've already got a job ... Lieutenant Governor for the state of Kentucky . """
tr	2	You get the rope and things , and I 'll get the food .
tr	5	"North Korea was developing the ability to launch a nuclear EMP and the Chinese would have been ready if that had been successful , "" Ed said ."
tr	1	she answered her father at the same time .
tr	0	No more fighting over resources .
tr	2	""" Wow , "" Missy said , "" we beat them back here . """
tr	1	He was suddenly jerked off his feet before he could finish .
tr	4	Not bothering to attempt to free his blade , Link stares at the Goddess in horror as she idly pushes the blade aside .
tr	5	He didn 't think it necessary to mention the flirty and very vivacious mademoiselle he met there and spent quite a lot of time with .
tr	3	His bones were broken in at least thirty places , and several of his teeth were missing .
tr	4	They were talking about how their electrical needs were just barely being met , though cutting off areas outside the JP helped somewhat .
tr	2	It was as if he sensed their need and scouted ahead knowing what danger awaited .
tr	3	The words felt absurd coming out of her mouth but she forced a smile to accompany them .
tr	5	Riesling was almost that good : he knew men and war so well , his plans often met with remarkably good fortune as a result of preparedness .
tr	1	The body of a man lay in it .
tr	1	Obviously he was going with the not-so-subtle approach to questioning .
tr	2	He was impressed that he would be given the place of prominence .
tr	0	They were still headed southwest .
tr	1	A horn blared and angry words rose from the other vehicle .
tr	3	Jan knew that both Mike and Pete would have liked to be the second in her group .
tr	5	Flaherty couldn 't help shaking his head at the stark difference between this engagement and the one they 'd fought less than two hours earlier .
tr	1	When his second-in-command appeared , the conversation gave it all away .
tr	1	""" Please send Eda back into me when you leave . """
tr	5	But Little Spirit would surely leap onto Rock ' n ' Roll 's gravy train beyond poverty 's precipice and that made her head spin .
tr	1	As fate and misfortune collided , so did shell and flesh .
tr	2	The living room looks cared for just enough , though everything seems old and overused .
tr	2	Lucas swiveled his head as he passed and was fully turned before realizing it .
tr	1	""" Are you flirting with the defense , Ms. Bent ? """
tr	5	Soon the dried feathers would enable her to float from her perch , making it possible for her to never have to touch the ground again .
tr	0	She is not married to you .
tr	2	She quit struggling yet looked at me with the frightened stare of a wild animal .
tr	2	""" I know you work for Jolie and you 're keeping secrets ."
tr	2	I sat and massaged my fingers while waiting for my body to stop shaking .
tr	0	""" Fox Cave ? """
tr	1	I scrambled away and flicked on the light .
tr	3	Lace was making her way toward the nearest ladder , eyes fixed on the Baroness ' still form below .
tr	3	""" That was very unkind of me but ... but I just could not help myself . """
tr	1	""" Come with me , "" he said ."
tr	3	The institute 's chefs prepared untold delights , and all ate and drank with complete abandon .
tr	5	Tony sat in the men 's club in Kensington eying his well manicured nails while putting a match to the cigar the waiter had just brought him .
tr	2	I swore I saw someone sneak a homemade bomb into the trashcan .
tr	5	She walked across the apron , leaving the C-5 crew with which she had just completed a round-trip supply run to Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany .
tr	4	Immediately beginning to circle each other in the small clearing , neither of the combatants offer a single word as a thunderclap sounds overhead .
tr	1	Sarah could not take her eyes off John .
tr	5	The power had fused with his soul completely , and he wielded it with little difficulty , but some unknown factor tore his entire plan to pieces .
tr	4	This was a debt he had to repay -- and this was the least he could do to fulfill that obligation .
tr	5	He was still in his work clothes and they separated from one another as if they had been doing something they weren 't supposed to .
tr	4	"I said , "" OK we know what they want ; How do they plan on going about getting it ?"
tr	4	""" Ultimately , his passion for science and the means to research and develop new technologies are why he joined us ."
tr	2	""" And we can trade its parts for food and supplies . """
tr	0	Your brother is also working for us .
tr	1	The moment Roberto released her she sprang into action .
tr	3	After a pretend stretch , I pulled out a butter knife from the drawer and flipped around .
tr	4	He froze at the picture in front of him , a smouldering pistol still in her hands , pointing at a man .
tr	4	He dumped a bucket of cold water over his head in the shower , then exercised for a couple hours til his team arrived .
tr	3	He , and others at the party , indicated that you left long before Di Luca .
tr	5	He 's the Prince of Ravens , and nothing will change that , no matter how many times we save him or he saves us .
tr	3	"Lately , I am feeling that I am in a video game , "" he said in English ."
tr	5	But it did not stop those that were taking away a little girl , rough hands tangled in her dark hair , dragging her away .
tr	0	"I can 't fix it . """
tr	2	The little kids laughed out loud while the grownups tried to act like nothing happened .
tr	5	Take care of each other , I pray you are both well , and that , whatever happens , you won 't worry about us over here .
tr	3	His voice is quiet and calm , each word crisp like water drops hitting my cheeks .
tr	5	As if remembering her name brought Josh 's wife into the room , Claire jerked , feeling as if she 'd been doused in cold water .
tr	0	They 're getting ready to leave . '
tr	5	It 's obvious that I 'm on a team of men like me who lost someone and are in desperate need to revenge their deaths .
tr	4	He made a mental note to start parking the van next to the kitchen door as he carried his uncooperative load across the garage .
tr	1	"We could work -- "" He zipped his briefcase ."
tr	4	Finding a quiet bench away from the main congregation , I took a seat and waited for an official announcement .
tr	5	But something startles the dingo , because in a blink of an eye , it jumps to its feet and is growling at Monti and Dane .
tr	5	He made the reins fast to the fork of a sapling , and turned about , hands on his hips , to survey his surroundings .
tr	1	He picked up the phone after the first ring .
tr	2	"He said , "" That 'll give them something to worry about besides us . """
tr	3	""" When you come back here ... ... and you will , you come find me ."
tr	1	Something was tugging at the back of my brain .
tr	0	Alejo swore under his breath .
tr	4	the river , now discernible winding away to the south , the light green of the cultivated padi visible in the bend .
tr	5	He waited for his sentence , but his flushed face told me he was thinking , hoping that I 'd come back and kiss him .
tr	4	I stopped and traced a circle with the staff end on the ground around myself , preventing enemy attack and giving myself space .
tr	2	"He had read the initial reports on the attack sketchy though they were . """
tr	4	He realized then that he wasn 't in danger of falling in love with her - he 'd fallen long ago .
tr	0	Cronus was the second soldier out .
tr	2	Except my highly trained Spy Games eye caught a man slithering through the crowds .
tr	4	In the sky ahead , the sun rose on a new day and a flock of black crows descended from the heavens .
tr	2	He 'd won his match which was all he was concerned about .
tr	2	I studied the bars carefully before grabbing a rectangular section of the grill .
tr	1	While I 'll sweep Francesca off her feet .
tr	5	His body -- back , arms , neck -- is composed entirely of straight lines , like he was welded into position with no hinges .
tr	5	Planning a brisk thirty-minute tour before coming home to a shower , Mike decided to leave everything but his wallet and key in the room .
tr	4	He pulled it out of a hidden pocket inside the breast of his shirt and stepped closer to hand it to her .
tr	4	She never cared about lessons , or learning facts ; as far as Miss Osbourne had been concerned , education was secondary to etiquette .
tr	4	Members of the High Blood began emerging from their houses , some with looks of outrage on their faces , others scared and alarmed .
tr	2	Mom 's words came back to me about meeting at some pastry thing .
tr	5	It would have no impact on the rival 's launch date but it would almost certainly cost Frank a week that he didn 't have .
tr	1	Again Wilbur grabbed the propeller and rotated it .
tr	0	Things that had happened that first year .
tr	1	We 'll only be able to react to her .
tr	4	An elaborate , thick , gold sun cross pendant fell out from the open neck of her black coat when the woman lunged forward .
tr	0	mud in the wet ... .
tr	4	His head hanging like a marionette , the boy is clearly possessed , drifting past the throne on an uncertain path .
tr	2	As he walked he cleared his mind to the openness that was around them .
tr	2	It was the hooves from a team of horses as they trotted .
tr	4	""" I 'm no expert on your people , but in every other culture , writers are ... well you know . """
tr	5	He was not too pleased about being assigned to an assassin , but he was sure that MI6 had a valid reason for the decision .
tr	4	In the back were a collection of youths , faces flushed as they watched their dice bouncing across the wood .
tr	4	""" These are going to take some getting used to , "" Rift admits , flexing his fingers while eyeing the accessories ."
tr	2	I looked at the figures that preceded the telephone number and frowned .
tr	3	""" I suppose , "" the other said , "" if the lord baron agrees . """
tr	5	In spite of her outrage and her sorrow , she silently prayed that there wouldn 't be an unwanted baby in the wake of this horrible night .
tr	1	I clap , and Gabe gives me a little bow .
tr	0	""" I 'm not sure ."
tr	1	""" Eda , please be quiet , "" begged Adele ."
tr	3	He saw her look at the bag again and he smiled then gave a slight nod .
tr	0	"He and Ricky are in 214 . """
tr	3	Her heart raced as she struggled to sit up , forgetting the pain of her body .
tr	5	' Wow , ' he said startled seeing her at the top of the stairs , ' you nearly gave me a heart attack . '
tr	2	"We were just about to have a warm drink and some pastries . """
tr	0	Josie was glad to change the subject .
tr	0	""" Heading out for a run . """
tr	5	Following suit , the boy sees he has three options for his next jump , two rising to his left and one slightly lower to his right .
tr	4	As he climbed off his portable , folding gymnasium machine , he checked the wristwatch embedded in the thick leather wristband on his wrist .
tr	1	""" I 'm worried , Mom , "" he said ."
tr	3	We 'll watch each other 's backs and plant food and rebuild our little patch of the country .
tr	0	""" Know what I mean ?"
tr	0	""" Only if we just relax ... ."
tr	5	As he did so , John Judge and a heavily armed section of his men had quietly approached from the dark stairwell to the rear .
tr	1	Roberto knew he would never hear the end of this .
tr	2	The horse felt like a powder keg of energy and force beneath her .
tr	4	A dog 's world is the pack and one of the cruelest things you can do to a dog is to isolate them .
tr	0	"Practically forced Jacob to go . """
tr	0	""" No , no ! """
tr	1	I taught him everything he knew about being a secret agent .
tr	4	Missy bent down , crossed her fingers on her left hand and pressed the key hard into the rock outline with her right hand .
tr	1	He was grinning broadly and looked very drunk .
tr	0	Still smiling , he returned the volley .
tr	1	Adele gulped , trying to bring her tears under control .
tr	1	""" My turn , "" the shapeshifter said ."
tr	0	""" Both of them . """
tr	3	Victoria snapped the bowtie in place , fussed with it , then held the jacket up for him .
tr	0	She wanted to trust him .
tr	5	Her crew is busy and don 't have time to look up and acknowledge her presence , although a couple do smile or wave at her .
tr	2	""" We 're going to go have a talk , kids , "" Franks said ."
tr	4	By now Phillip was well past us , flowing out the massive doors of the cathedral and into the waiting crowds outside .
tr	2	""" You want to just drop the amnesiac off in the middle of nowhere ? """
tr	3	The kids would put trash , dishes , food or anything else in it and watch it gradually disappear .
tr	4	His curly hair was wet and sticky and blood splattered over one ear and ran down his chin to pool on the wool blanket .
tr	4	At the end of the passage was a brightly lit archway framed by a pair of thick , velvet curtains .
tr	3	But I didn 't know why , this time I could stay calm and eat like that as well .
tr	5	The feeling of relief and wonder captured in her heart and she knew once back on the other ship she had to think about this .
tr	3	"He knows songs of joy and mirth that will get you through the worst of winter . """
tr	3	Cade nodded his approval and led her deeper into the city with the wave of the disinterested guard .
tr	3	Another question dawned on her and she started to chuckle , her eyes filled with merriment as she asked .
tr	5	Chapter 4 They practically danced as they walked , and even when standing or sitting still , they always seemed on the verge of motion .
tr	1	Mark looked at the small device , cocking his left eyebrow .
tr	1	The bullet 's shock waves could have serious repercussions .
tr	4	""" My lady , "" Brand said , "" if you mean to seduce me , I do not wish to betray Harald ."
tr	3	She saw the unmistakable tells of a man who believes he has won and she finished her proposal .
tr	3	' However , I think you will find that my blade is also touching your chest . '
tr	1	Rafe hesitated , unsure what he should do .
tr	5	The room was small and furnished with nothing but a bed , a nightstand , a dresser , a small sofa , and a coffee table .
tr	5	She had the same dark brown eyes as her brothers , but flopping from her head was a three-foot long mane of nearly blonde hair .
tr	5	' You can introduce cells that have the ability to evolve into different types of tissues into the body , to carry out specific functions . '
tr	1	' We haven 't got time to argue .
tr	2	It is very important for him to find just the right word .
tr	3	""" I think so , "" he replied , "" Peter and Harry too I would think ."
tr	0	""" Her name was Tammy . """
tr	2	He was the only one he could trust with his feelings and his future .
tr	0	"I require the boy too . """
tr	4	Mike Donovan looked up from the cart he was packing with firewood and squinted down the main street of town .
tr	1	Better yet , my mom wasn 't an assassin .
tr	0	He knew several great girls .
tr	5	Although he had explained the rationale for this move many times , he decided to cover it again because people were always upset by the rationing .
tr	3	With shock , I realized that this entire corridor had been lit by a single window .
tr	1	It 's a bit lighter and certainly fits your hand better .
tr	2	She dreaded looking at her feet as she had more than one blister on each .
tr	0	So , so , so afraid .
tr	0	Everybody knew who she was .
tr	1	Moments later , the doors to the building slammed open .
tr	4	"She certainly isn 't alive this day , but I need a specific date to answer that to your satisfaction . """
tr	5	In his entire career , there was only one other that Adam had met who had it also ; that 's how rare it was .
tr	5	""" Please do not arrest me ; I have brought a gift of atonement for the king -- something he will not pass up lightly . """
tr	3	""" Not for the life of me , but we need to come up with a better plan ."
tr	2	Right on his heels came Arthur Cobb , looking quite smarmy this evening .
tr	1	There 's a waiver to sign for insurance purposes .
tr	1	""" This shouldn 't have happened , "" he says ."
tr	0	Reid finally said , scowling .
tr	0	She smiled to herself .
tr	0	All those stories about his life .
tr	4	This time , both legs dip through the water as Mai slings him all the way to the large staircase .
tr	0	She is a beast .
tr	1	They already took a dear friend of mine .
tr	3	Tomorrow she would most likely be dead as the other man followed Trevor and the screaming woman .
tr	4	Although the sight was as terrifying as ever , my mind was focused on one thing , input the code .
tr	0	Rich , for encouragement .
tr	0	"I 'll be outside , waiting . """
tr	2	Could she really live a life on the run , with uncertainty her only constant ?
tr	3	""" Only one set of tire tracks and a scattering of footprints just outside the cave entrance ."
tr	0	""" So you know ."
tr	2	""" I can 't do that over an unsecured line , sir ."
tr	4	""" What I mean ta say is , it ain 't Chad 's baby , "" the man said in a strangely accented voice ."
tr	5	Corbyn 's business revolved around studying current sunspot activity and then comparing that information to a point in history with a similar sun spot activity pattern .
tr	1	"Tell your elves that they done good . """
tr	2	Taylor did not care much for the tone in which the question was asked .
tr	2	""" Now my friends , this is not something to be careless with ."
tr	0	The darkness is a blanket around us .
tr	1	"on foot ... so keep an eye on her . """
tr	1	""" Have any of the groups made it there yet ? """
tr	2	The world around her was beautiful and she was an integral part of it .
tr	1	Jennie walked over , careful where she was putting her feet .
tr	3	I felt rage consume me and my suit 's engine allowed me to tap into my own Logos .
tr	1	"Do you think it will survive a washing ? """
tr	0	I mean who was he really ?
tr	1	David looked at the cows , then back at the dog .
tr	0	""" You 're probably right ."
tr	1	"Autopsy will show a way low body temp at death . """
tr	1	He choked and blood dribbled out the side of his mouth .
tr	0	He was once again shirtless .
tr	5	It was easy to find reasons to postpone what was sure to be a long and arduous , trek while they were in such a comfortable position .
tr	2	How could he put her back , knowing what he had just discovered ?
tr	2	he said , and then a flood of French spewed from his mouth .
tr	3	"Finally , in desperation , I ask , "" do you really think we 'll win ? """
tr	4	""" Yeah , we have a whole nerve center thing going here and some specialists who keep the security up to military standards . """
tr	5	Turning around to scan the large hangar , he was shocked to see the large man five feet away , hurtling at him in full tackle mode .
tr	3	She clawed at the sand and crawled away from the plane as fast as she could .
tr	4	Roberto had passed her a letter that morning just before she descended the Jacob ladder and she gave it to the captain .
tr	0	said Victor in a frustrated voice .
tr	1	A quick look under the hood confirmed Taylor 's worst fears .
tr	0	His mother frowned at him .
tr	4	I admit it 's a gamble , but we 're getting to a place in the game where we have to gamble .
tr	1	"Alex now has permission to control the console . """
tr	0	"Save his leg ? """
tr	3	""" I don 't understand , "" she said angrily , as if David were somehow responsible ."
tr	2	About two steps away and one bite into the tart , I heard a groan .
tr	3	""" Put Gavin and Aidan in trees when you get to the camp , yeah ? """
tr	4	"She took Taylor 's hand in both of hers , "" I am Lilly Grace , Lilly Ann 's mother . """
tr	3	Mrs. Gilbert just stood there for a moment debating whether or not to keep yelling at the older boys .
tr	5	If he said yes , he had a feeling the man would want to know what he heard - which wasn 't much , of course .
tr	1	The conversation dwindled , and Malcolm asked in a threatening voice .
tr	1	""" I think they like you being here ? """
tr	4	They followed the Appalachian Trail for a few days , staying in the hiker cabins located at regular intervals along the well-worn path .
tr	0	Rupert scoffed and raised one eyebrow .
tr	3	I watched the light go slowly out of his eyes , saw that smile go slack .
tr	0	""" It 's warmer in here ."
tr	1	I repeated slowly , staring at the man .
tr	2	""" I 'm tellin ' ya it 's all lies , "" he muttered ."
tr	4	I went inside and carefully spread the underwear out on the chart table so as not to smear the writing it read .
tr	5	""" You could have said something , "" he manages to insist between breaths , leaping up the vast climb several steps at a time ."
tr	4	""" You should audition for a show -- you 're quite talented , but don 't waste my time with your acting ."
tr	2	""" All clear - that was the last one , "" Echo whispered ."
tr	0	""" Why did you do it ? """
tr	3	A flock of silent crows , come to take my unearthly body to its final resting place .
tr	5	Connor kept his distance from his new friends , but by the time they got onto the other platform there was a hoard of people .
tr	1	( b ) There were no cartridges in it anyway .
tr	3	""" When you face a mountain , do you ask if the mountain will allow you to climb it ?"
tr	0	But I don 't cry .
tr	3	His dirty complexion and half-inch beard growth gave hint that he had dwelled in these woods for days .
tr	3	We need every bit of intelligence we can gather if there really is a population present in the mountains .
tr	2	He was needed back at the inn for the wine and cheese party .
tr	1	I couldn 't help but feel a twinge of guilt .
tr	2	It must have been pretty bad to put Rafe in such a foul temper .
tr	0	I ask and toss him the ball .
tr	1	She had slept in her motocross pants and a large t-shirt .
tr	3	The gaping eyes of a skeleton , embedded into the stones , stared at me from the ceiling .
tr	4	Ethan made a quick decision to stop work early this evening and eat a good meal before getting to bed early .
tr	3	Published papers , gave lectures , that sort of thing , but his true obsession was creating angels .
tr	4	Rick got out and helped her out of the dirty clothes , stuck them back with the others and reclaimed the driver 's seat .
tr	0	I said to Reid after a while .
tr	2	There were definite advantages to being able to fly above your enemies .
tr	1	"Go after my dad and mom too . """
tr	0	""" The truth is out there ! """
tr	4	They were in a long slow convoy several hundred meters long , heading back out the same way they had approached .
tr	5	Even Jones seemed to be taken by the scene , Conway noted , and he was especially pleased to see Carter paying more than passing attention .
tr	2	The immortal turned to Roman with a look of clear distaste on his face .
tr	4	First it was on his right side , then his left , then gone , then up ahead , then above him .
tr	0	""" Oh yeah . """
tr	2	She stifled a heavy yawn and fixed her gaze on the diamond stars .
tr	2	' You 'll regret this , ' he whispered , staring at his bloodied palm .
tr	3	The old man makes tea hurriedly , clattering the cups but saying nothing the whole while .
tr	1	He rough housed the two dogs as she eyed him .
tr	5	It had happened so fast , it felt as if he was watching a movie , as if the events were happening to someone else .
tr	4	His training had been too good and complete , he focused on gathering information he needed in order to make decisions .
tr	5	Her eyes were shining bright spots in my vision , the pink hue of her aura shimmering along its edges , brighter than I 'd ever seen .
tr	2	""" I saw Alex last night , for the first time . """
tr	1	The shapeshifter stepped forward , again transforming into his dragon form .
tr	3	""" You 're up early , "" he noted as he went to the coffee pot ."
tr	4	I now view the selling of stock in a company as something akin to selling off little pieces of your soul .
tr	5	"The meeting was accidental , "" The first one at least , Claire thought guiltily , "" And I gave Chris both barrels , I promise you ."
tr	4	The top of his foot splits through the rising torrent with a large splash as he soars further toward his goal .
tr	4	He kept his face near hers as if , any moment , he would lean over and take a bite out of her .
tr	3	Virgil knitted his brows and bent over the neat rows of figures in the most recent account book .
tr	0	It was really a beautiful day .
tr	3	He paused a moment , turning away from Chris to stare down at the ship once again .
tr	4	As for the bounties , I assume mine will be significant , because , as the Seeker mentioned , I 'm now wanted alive .
tr	1	He locks all the doors as I reach to stumble out .
tr	0	Connie was first to speak .
tr	1	I was afraid that I would not see you again .
tr	0	Thirteen , fourteen , fifteen .
tr	1	I stepped back from the door and took several shallow breaths .
tr	1	""" It 's you you should worry about ."
tr	5	""" If you can summon the strength for one more trip to shore , I 'll cover your expenses at the tavern for the evening . """
tr	1	""" Except when you 're killing people . """
tr	2	I reached inside my backpack , removed the biohazard container and threw it at Reid .
tr	1	She quickly lost her trepidation to talk candidly .
tr	3	She is too much of a lady for riff-raff to speak of her in that fashion .
tr	0	' Yes , ' said Tomas .
tr	2	The captain broke the code by not telling you and has apologized for it .
tr	5	""" We had just asked him what he had in there , "" one of the men quickly explained before Lucas had a chance to answer ."
tr	1	Her brain exploded with him inside of her .
tr	5	The sight of the makeshift airstrip and the undisturbed airplane gave them new confidence in their timely departure before the storms would be a factor .
tr	5	""" Well , "" Melody began , "" I wouldn 't be much of a farmer 's daughter if I didn 't know what USDA stood for ."
tr	2	Chapter VII A valet assisted me as I descended from the carriage .
tr	3	the girl called again , racing over to where he stood , gasping with the effort to drink faster .
tr	1	The town was awakening from its slumber , Chris thought .
tr	3	Well , I thought at least Connie would be in her element a marine biologist on a research ship .
tr	5	The sweet delicious energy that filled the room tasted to her like a tropical fruit cocktail with just the right amount of rum , salt and spice .
tr	1	""" Don 't be hard on yourself . """
tr	5	""" Thruster on , tanks at half , here we go , hold thumbs girls , "" and he pushed the throttles forward to gain output ."
tr	5	At first Alex didn 't answer , anger burning in his eyes like smoldering coals as his tongue flicked out to nervously lick at the fresh wound .
tr	4	A gasp left my lips as I was abruptly lifted from the stairwell by a pair of unseen hands and hurled through the air .
tr	1	The public bought it - with the help of Hollywood .
tr	0	' And you are ? '
tr	3	Chris thought that even they must realize by now that among those dangers was a crazed and naked man .
tr	5	""" Frank , "" she shouted through the hallway , "" our friends are leaving tomorrow , bring out your best schnapps we have to celebrate ! """
tr	3	They 'd probably stick me in a box labeled cream puffs and leave me to freeze .
tr	5	George sat quietly , hands clasped lightly in front of him on the table , fighting an awareness that he didn 't want to admit .
tr	5	"Even the greatest Creators who ever lived never brought life to the dead , nor altered the passage of time , nor manufactured love . """
tr	0	His dream had finally come true !
tr	1	I smoothed his hair away from his face .
tr	4	""" Am I going insane or is there really something more than just Edie May sitting in front of me ? """
tr	4	She noticed that David had fallen asleep in his chair and John was working out a move on the chessboard by the fireplace .
tr	3	She wiped down the counters and wrapped the biscuits in wax paper to put them away for their breakfast .
tr	3	Like good little soldiers they lined up in front of the bathroom door to take turns .
tr	3	But the inn always served wine and cheese in the front room on the weekends between three and four .
tr	1	She nodded and took him by the hand .
tr	2	Gee , maybe I learned a lot from Mrs. Buckley in fourth grade after all .
tr	1	""" Then you need to come in , sir ."
tr	1	""" Stop that , "" he says sternly ."
tr	3	""" If I left the watchtower unmanned , I would be a poor marcher lord indeed . """
tr	0	You 're out of the dungeon .
tr	0	""" Did you check your pockets ? """
tr	3	"It had been long since I have laughed with enough gusto to bring a tear to my eye . """
tr	1	' Yes , ' said Victor with a nod .
tr	2	"He shrugged his shoulders , "" all we can do really is wait ."
tr	5	Feeling rather shy , Miriam , Simon and Neil walked over to the rock pools and began to poke at the various life forms in them .
tr	2	She had taken her shoes off enjoying the feel of the sand between her toes .
tr	5	Then as it lifted again into the sunlight , the butterfly seemed to tip its wing to Frank and Maggie before it disappeared among the honeysuckle .
tr	5	An hour later Little Spirit played to a full house delighting Richard and Des and many who had attended the video shoot still sporting Little Spirit T-shirts .
tr	4	""" It 's certainly finer linen than most of what even the Most High would wear , but it 's torn and dirty ."
tr	5	"I 'm sure I 'll waist two pink paper pads just on you this year , "" Percy said and wrote Tori a detention slip ."
tr	4	I smiled , looking at my wine glass , but I raised my eyes when Lars started again to speak .
tr	1	She smiled , wiping tears from her face .
tr	1	She looked up at Rafe again but his face was thoughtful .
tr	4	The two projectiles had met at a combined speed of almost twenty thousand kilometers per hour and little more than vapor remained .
tr	3	' I take it these people weren 't immortals , ' Reid said quietly behind me .
tr	4	I talked nineteen to the dozen to the girl , both of us standing on a local bar near the seaport .
tr	0	""" Tired , "" he says ."
tr	4	He had meant that she seemed fit enough to take the journey , but he could not deny that he had phrased it badly .
tr	0	Missy let Misty have her head .
tr	2	I quickly jumped into the canoe and paddled the few feet to the bank .
tr	2	Although in truth he looked as ill at ease as she felt .
tr	5	Scott nuzzled Duchess ' nose then laid the pup in the box with her brother before he sat the empty bottle on the deck beside his chair .
tr	4	""" You assume God made the rabbit for us to eat because that 's what you want to do to it ."
tr	4	I should get my freakin ' ass out of there and walk -- no run -- straight to my dad and tell him everything .
tr	0	Steve wanted to know .
tr	3	After that , they practiced loading the gun until they could both do it quickly and without looking .
tr	4	For a long moment , the Prince stared at the big man , and then looked back down at the pinecone blankly .
tr	5	He laughed deeply , easily , and smoothly pushed himself back , sliding clear of Seven 's loosened grip and leaving Seven to ponder the revelation .
tr	2	He paused a moment to glance around the room before going on .
tr	4	Considering the pressure in the Hub had already reached explosive proportions , I was loath to pass on more bad news .
tr	0	""" You 'll be leaving soon ."
tr	3	They looked up at the sound of the gunfire , their eyes widening behind their visors .
tr	2	I watched him how he sighed again and somehow he was grudging me .
tr	4	He peeked back around the corner only to see bursts of gunfire light up inside the cloud of dark smoke .
tr	3	Nothing nefarious by itself , but they each wore those distinct black bowlers with the silver diamond medallion .
tr	4	After the third or fourth hit , the enemy faced Izzy and the minigun on his right shoulder began spewing fire .
tr	3	It moved slightly , so I pressed more , throwing my weight and ramming my shoulder up against it .
tr	1	' Hang on a minute -- ' started Reid .
tr	5	As wonderful as it had been over the last year , there was no family left for him in the yard with the deep blue pool .
tr	0	""" Oh hell ! """
tr	2	I stared at the ceiling for what felt like hours before eventually drifting off .
tr	2	He took a step back and examined me with a critical eye .
tr	5	He had his worked cut out for himself since these cronies were military grade assholes and didn 't seem to be going down so easily .
tr	2	Laurence told me that you are very curious about why you came here .
tr	3	Whatever these men wanted , they 'd let him know when they were good and ready .
tr	0	""" What 's that ? """
tr	2	She held the gun to her chest like it had the power to change things .
tr	1	Once again and most sincerely , thanks for reading .
tr	1	But an invitation to eat and drink never found her backward .
tr	2	The building in front of them was surrounded by stone that was dark as slate .
tr	4	A wave of blind rage shook me to my core ; it took all my self-control not to rush the immortal there and then .
tr	2	"Remember that we 'll have to lug most of that up a mountain . """
tr	2	' So you were trying to find a cure for cancer ? '
tr	0	""" Sarah , calm down ."
tr	1	"Herb was first , "" Permission to speak freely . """
tr	5	My cavalry captain insists their leader killed a Mountain warrior at least five bow shots away , and he did it with thunder and lightning .
tr	5	Then again , Lucas remembered the professor 's strange behavior that day on the beach and chalked up today 's smile to his eccentric nature .
tr	2	Blood soaked rapidly through his shirt and dripped onto the expensive Venetian carpet .
tr	3	Pierre touched his arm , which drew his attention away to a tall soldier walking directly to them .
tr	3	We 're more in the public eye , more accountable , anyway back to the case in point .
tr	1	""" It is a peculiar sequence of events ."
tr	0	""" What happen to your sister ? """
tr	5	""" It 's different , I 'll give you that , "" Chuck said , as he realized he hadn 't fulfilled his side of the introductions ."
tr	2	""" But that will take forever if we keep going around , "" Riki complained ."
tr	2	""" I 've been in here for nearly two weeks on bread and water . """
tr	5	His main office was in Hangar One , where the Ground Control was to be stationed , and where the ion thrusters were being built .
tr	5	Natalie and Sophia 's eyes were filled with tears , but these were tears of joy that our sinful world could contain such islands as these .
tr	4	Today , between the guests and his mother 's friends who always showed up , there were fourteen people mingling and enjoying the refreshments .
tr	0	""" Yes , please do ."
tr	4	Something came writhing up the steps , something that slithered and rustled and brought a chill in the air with it .
tr	1	She clasped her hands as the fear sifted through her .
tr	0	So we 'd shared a kiss .
tr	1	Its rocky tail came to an obvious cone at the end .
tr	5	The servant had flung the scalding hot soup in his eyes and was now standing over him with the empty pot hanging from his right hand .
tr	4	"I think she was some kind of , "" I paused as his eyes grew wider , "" spy . """
tr	4	He usually did not mind his weaknesses , because there was not a Guardian alive who could match him at Searching the Winds .
tr	3	""" Uh , yeah ... "" "" That same amount of water is going out that hole ."
tr	2	Well you know , I look after Damian to not see me with you .
tr	5	With that said , I want to remind everyone not to throw away any old fruits or vegetables even if they appear to have gone bad .
tr	0	said Reid after a while .
tr	1	Jealousy sure explained Jimmy 's behavior toward him .
tr	2	"I 'm aware of that , Mrs. Williams , "" Furnace replied calmly ."
tr	3	She speaks again , and I cover my ears , though the sound is beauty itself .
tr	5	"I see the Middle East coming up , and I 'm sure we saw the silver glinting space station head over us from left to right . """
tr	0	It was Tomas Godard who replied .
tr	3	And if they find out , the Khan and everyone else will know you and Alejo are not dead .
tr	2	They were a little embarrassed but tried not to let it weaken their pride .
tr	4	With everything going on I , was beginning to think instead of the Coast Guard , I had joined McHale 's Navy .
tr	0	""" You scared us to death ."
tr	4	One scrambled up and started running across the bridge , but only got about twenty feet before Joshua shot him with the rifle .
tr	2	The paleness had made way for colour and she looked beautiful against the white sheets .
tr	5	"She said , "" Don 't worry you 'll do fine , I 'll be right there rooting , just get up and knock em dead . """
tr	0	I said quietly as we strolled past .
tr	3	"She seems friendly , and it 's easy to see that the other clan isn 't . """
tr	2	Gemma Halliday , NYT best selling author of Spying in High Heels .
tr	0	He got me on the ground .
tr	0	' I wounded him . '
tr	3	When a chair was placed behind her , she had to stop herself from grabbing food and water simultaneously .
tr	2	""" That is the least we can do for your generosity , "" Taylor agreed ."
tr	0	""" Be still ! """
tr	5	The mayor 's daughter has grown into an attractive woman , though her short , dishwater blonde hair and sleeveless shirt are a bit tomboyish .
tr	1	and we don 't know why ... ... or who .
tr	2	I didn 't think you 'd recognise me after all these years . '
tr	0	His eyebrows rose at Victor 's expression .
tr	0	Rick knelt down and opened the cube .
tr	2	""" Yeah , but you don 't actually die by your hand !"
tr	2	Lucas wondered if the obviously torn priest was about to come clean about that .
tr	1	Sarah shifted her weight and closed her calves around Dan .
tr	5	That much was clear : the Prince had no chance of defeating his brother when he couldn 't give his full attention to the task .
tr	5	I asked and I 've got to admit I was waiting with baited breath for her to do so right there in front of me .
tr	0	I started to run .
tr	1	""" It 's not at all the same thing . """
tr	2	Sidney had retained her friends who had become permanent fixtures around the Lyndon Logging camp .
tr	0	A hush fell across the room .
tr	2	""" I would think my warrant card should be enough don 't you ? """
tr	1	He didn 't consider himself afraid of most anything .
tr	2	The helicopter eventually flew over a large city on the coast just before nightfall .
tr	4	"Taylor inquired getting a bit uneasy , "" What does a broken man have to do around here to get some answers ? """
tr	1	' Mikael disliked the Hunters as much as I do . '
tr	3	' I 'm afraid that to say more would indeed , as Costas states , reveal too much . '
tr	3	He looked around him in disgust , two Sikhs in turbans , pints in hand having a heated discussion .
tr	1	Something cold and metal clamped around my wrists .
tr	2	Or talk about how we 'd work together to get Mom to come back .
tr	4	Chris thanked him anyway , remembering again Barney 's reaction upon hearing that Arthur Cobb was trying to claim the ship as his own .
tr	2	But he wasn 't comfortable sharing the church-going habits of his congregation with an outsider .
tr	4	He was nearly finished when she got too close and he got a good whiff of her aroma and jerked back .
tr	1	A faint smile replaced the frown on Olsson 's face .
tr	2	The silence was shattered as he started up the two Pratt and Whitney engines .
tr	3	His extremities were long past numb and his joints felt as if they were frozen in place .
tr	3	She slept at my place last night and um , er , left early this morning .
tr	4	His dazed expression can 't seem to get a grip on reality when he lands on his back near the entrance of the cove .
tr	3	He pushed the thought of what was behind him back into a dark corner of his mind .
tr	4	They would be traveling into his land and into his culture and they would not want to embarrass him with their ignorance .
tr	3	"We 're safe here as long as no one leads the police to the door . """
tr	3	When it appeared she was finished , he turned and saw she awaited an answer to her questions .
tr	0	The wind had picked up .
tr	2	"Glad I did too , "" he added smiling at her frown ."
tr	2	""" I was shipwrecked and destitute on the shores of your England decades ago ."
tr	1	""" What window 'd he shoot out ? """
tr	4	""" It 's only meant to disorient us , "" Mai shrugs , not at all shocked by the vast emptiness ."
tr	2	When they hear me play , there won 't be a single complaint .
tr	2	Room after room stacked with bones and grinning skulls unrolled around us .
tr	1	"A bit of young love is just what I need . """
tr	5	Billy was burrowing his ugly head deeper and deeper into Connor 's life and it was clearer than ever that Billy needed to be disposed of .
tr	3	""" I don 't know , boss , "" Jim seemed to be searching for words ."
tr	1	He probably thought it was poetic justice or something .
tr	3	When they got to the house , David pulled John out of the saddle and handed him to Sarah .
tr	0	You 're pinching me .
tr	3	He lay at full length , his arms stretched out above his head to their fullest extent .
tr	3	I gripped the edge of the ventilation duct and slowly lowered myself to the tiled floor .
tr	1	He pulled Lilly Ann closer to feel her warmth .
tr	0	"I should 've told you everything . """
tr	2	I said , unable to hide the hint of hope in my voice .
tr	3	He sat , with his elbows on the table , gazing at the wall lost in thought .
tr	3	"-- io9 "" [ Ahmed is ] revitalizing the fantasy genre with fresh perspectives and original stories . """
tr	2	Maria was still in her lab coat , clutching her shotgun with anxiety .
tr	5	It was just over an hour before they reached the top of the hill and Scott pulled the radio from his belt and keyed it .
tr	0	There 's horses here .
tr	3	Many cars in traffic , and the driver started to swear in Greek , strongly honking .
tr	3	I have come up with a course of action I feel is our only option given the circumstances .
tr	0	""" Did you remember the underwear ? """
tr	2	she said , trying to ignore the effect George 's hand was having on her .
tr	3	""" They ran onto a sandbar in seventy mile an hour winds and thirty foot waves . """
tr	4	""" But ... if it were up to me alone he 'd come as our prisoner or not at all ."
tr	3	Chris could 've sworn he saw her move a little bit and got frightened for a moment .
tr	4	Me instead I couldn 't rest , so I went outside in the courtyard and I discovered a nice bench .
tr	3	There was no way to get down there without breaking your neck , unless you were a bird .
tr	2	10 Enrico and Pierre left them alone and a silence fell between them .
tr	1	I had to crawl out the last three feet .
tr	4	So he willed himself invisible , milling among the slow-moving adults who were heading in the direction of the buffet tables and coffee service .
tr	3	The pocket felt odd - lined with some kind of strange material , different from the pants .
tr	5	Most of the gang had been caught before we ever got hired -- and what got done to 'em wasn 't none too pretty , neither .
tr	4	It 's easy to mistake the marks on his back that way , and no doubt it would be taken very seriously .
tr	2	Hook , line and sinker , Kaylie smiled inwardly as she reeled her in .
tr	3	Kurt wouldn 't hear my protests though , so I went on a walk through the streets .
tr	2	"I ran over to her and asked "" Cindy what happened . """
tr	1	Reid struck a match and lit a cigarette .
tr	0	"I 'm so sorry . """
tr	4	Jennie noted that his manner seemed a lot lighter now as though getting some information had allowed him to make a decision .
tr	2	Cobb had also said that if they weren 't interested , others were lining up .
tr	3	He glanced around the room and his gaze settled on the extra blankets and pillows on the shelf .
tr	0	""" Missy , come on ! """
tr	2	""" They won 't hurt you , "" a tall gentleman standing in the doorway ."
tr	2	Then I saw the pleading in Cisco 's eyes before he looked away .
tr	2	""" More like teasing us , "" Jessica more thoughtfully and correctly pointed out ."
tr	3	""" Christ we were right in the middle of Orwell 's 1984 and didn 't even realize it ."
tr	5	He gave examples of how the people had now come to realise that they no longer live in a democracy and their freedom had effectively been removed .
tr	2	""" Worth a try , "" she shrugged , not even slightly disappointed ."
tr	5	"Beau immediately responded with a smile , jumped off his tank and saluted Anderson , "" Sir , the enemy is fleeing in all directions !"
tr	2	They had started , of course , with the charred remains of the bus .
tr	2	Suffice it to say we have enough to put you away for several lifetimes .
tr	3	It was as if he had not noticed the awful gale that whitened everything more than two spans away .
tr	4	He then swiftly remounted his charger , the Prince watching stoically , until the big man clapped him on the back .
tr	2	""" This is not like how you 've ridden before , John . """
tr	3	There always seemed to be enough hot water in the reservoir to fill the round wooden tub .
tr	0	""" Yep , "" Doug agreed ."
tr	5	Whatever safety measures he had initiated saved him from perishing as his yacht crashed into the ocean , but he didn 't get away completely unscathed .
tr	3	Mine shafts had been driven into several locations on Olympus Mons and processing facilities had sprung up at each .
tr	0	"There 's a TV ! """
tr	0	So , you know what I think ?
tr	2	I got in the car , and Helen didn 't say a word .
tr	0	""" He 's dying ! """
tr	2	""" Yeah , in 10 minutes I 'll be at the hotel . """
tr	4	A shiver shot up my spine as I sunk down my moonlit grave to the bottom of the ocean floor .
tr	2	His tall and lanky frame was slightly more muscular than I recalled .
tr	0	""" Do you know Tony Wei ? """
tr	1	It took him two years to get close enough .
tr	3	There was a roaring fire going on the beach with a group of men around it .
tr	5	"Hank pondered a moment , then offered , "" Well , I expect they 'd eat everything , and then we 'd all die . """
tr	1	""" Are you going to kill me ? """
tr	3	At the shore he was met by several men ; some new ones and some familiar faces .
tr	0	Mark considered for a moment before speaking .
tr	5	He 'd tried to save himself with his bizarre brand of Fire magic , but was mercilessly beaten the moment his hands blazed to life .
tr	2	Rick hobbled to the table , grabbing the cube on the way .
tr	1	With her left she made mystic gestures in the air .
tr	4	"These weren 't scientists taking bits and pieces for testing , but souvenir hunters selling pieces of a "" real live shipwreck ! """
tr	0	My mouth opened slightly in shock .
tr	1	""" All the rest have died , "" Toby said flatly ."
tr	0	"The whole shebang . """
tr	5	"By bringing her here , although he might be elsewhere , she would at least be in his home and surrounded by his things . """
tr	0	What was she trying to say ?
tr	4	""" Well , that 's true and all but I 'll be surprised if that 's really what people will remember Seamus for . """
tr	4	And when I say does not react well , I mean you 'd start vomiting all over me and then die .
tr	0	""" I am all right ."
tr	1	""" Ah ... I see , "" Rand smiled a little ."
tr	2	""" They must want me to come in , really , really bad . """
tr	5	With the slaves in confinement in the hold of the ship the deck is not overcrowded but I wonder how they fair down there in this heat .
tr	4	A second later the engine roared to life and it pulled away leaving a trail of dust in its wake .
tr	1	""" What 's on the agenda for today ? """
tr	5	I stood outside the door for a moment longer , feeling her move through the house safely to her room and then Sadie and I went home .
tr	1	""" Yes , I understand the economy is hard ."
tr	3	The caf wouldn 't have any business without his brownies , anyway , so it was a logical choice .
tr	2	""" He heard in town that the gypsies have an American in their camp . """
tr	1	Victoria looked back at him , faking astonishment .
tr	2	""" Was that not what you were speaking of , Finn ? """
tr	5	The second he had spoken he was aware of his mistake , but he was not sorry , he had a burning desire to hear her answer .
tr	3	Jolie dove at the crowd with his arms spread , pushing the crowds away from his masterpiece .
tr	5	"Now , it 'd been on three for over three months so I was thinking of throwing a curveball ; you know , saying "" Three ?"
tr	5	"No mortal creature is so pure , and so the balance is never properly in check , "" she explains , seeming to reflect on the notion ."
tr	1	"It is no secret to us who stands behind this . """
tr	2	He was worried I had shared everything -- that I had told her too much .
tr	5	I could have pointed out the reason I had no food was because she 'd eaten it all , but this didn 't seem like the time .
tr	1	And he still had a full afternoon 's chores to do .
tr	1	It had been the exact right thing to say .
tr	5	He struggled to open his eyes as his body was pulled along over the rough ground as the sharp rock cut deep into his cloak .
tr	4	His surprisingly clean , white shirt has only one long sleeve , the other removed to imitate the elite soldiers his father has joined .
tr	4	Joshua gathered everyone together and sought counsel , the decision was pretty evenly split with logical reasons on each side .
tr	2	""" Why don 't we have some fun and play a game ? """
tr	1	He was used to just taking when he needed something .
tr	4	Their nights were filled with bliss and he took her in his arms and loved her without any pressure or lingering uncertainty .
tr	0	There was no sign of the pony .
tr	4	""" We won 't have time to get you out , "" he said simply , his German accent more pronounced under the tension ."
tr	1	' You had one an hour ago . '
tr	0	Nothing that would help me .
tr	0	We headed across the river .
tr	1	The old man 's eyes widened in confusion .
tr	4	Landon raised his eyes to Elaina , who sat cradling the little bird in her hands , tears streaming down her face .
tr	4	"I feel it is apt now and I would like to close with his words rather than any of my own . """
tr	3	My head rested in the crook of his neck , and he twirled my hair between his fingers .
tr	4	Almost simultaneously , a second tank began to fire from farther downstream , striking the bridge from a more direct angle .
tr	0	No sign of anything .
tr	4	""" I don 't understand you , "" Sarah said , standing up and brushing the dirt from her jeans ."
tr	3	Every attempt at warping young people 's minds backfires and comes home to roost in ways we never envision .
tr	5	At the end of end of the period he ran back to the bench to find his mother holding his water bottle in her hand .
tr	3	But this ... well , let 's just say I plan to make it my remaining life 's work .
tr	2	To display her attributes before other men was not good at all .
tr	0	"That sounds familiar . """
tr	3	I really didn 't know what to say to him , fearing to know make it worse the situation .
tr	1	The basement was off limits to the other tenants .
tr	0	What is he not telling me ?
tr	4	Though Kevin knew more than the others , he still had no idea what the strange shapes were meant for .
tr	2	Turning , he nodded toward Billy as well , asking how he was .
tr	0	"where is she anyway ? """
tr	3	Or coming here with her grandmother , who could fill us in on the history behind this place .
tr	5	Not dissimilar to a bicycle wheel , the London Eye was developed with multiple tie rods that shoot from its centre outwardly towards an outer rim .
tr	5	Toward the end of the ranger 's talk , Cobb had simply wandered away , walking toward the shore while staring down at the beach .
tr	1	She leaned in and offered her lips without saying a word .
tr	2	A sharp rock the size of her thumbnail was pushing against his frog .
tr	5	"He opened up the trunk , "" Not too much room in here , "" he said laughing , "" but enough for this stuff ."
tr	4	"Risky , that , accusing the Almighty of incompetence ... "" He raised a third finger and paused , frowning ."
tr	4	The two people who were making themselves at home in the room seemed as happy about Alejo getting his sight back as he was .
tr	1	""" Is this the man you and your friends met ? """
tr	1	David struggled to a sitting position against the headboard .
tr	2	"Gosh , I woke you up , sorry , sometimes I 'm so rude "" ."
tr	3	""" What is the closest point we may use before traveling open ground to your home ? """
tr	1	Except for the body he needed to bury .
tr	1	Suddenly the door opened , a middle aged lady stood there .
tr	2	""" Out the window and fast before they come back to check on you . """
tr	0	"Get the word out . """
tr	1	""" A pirate with a wife , what a laugh ! """
tr	4	""" As I remember it , he clocked me so hard I flew ten feet through the air and hit a tree . """
tr	4	The sun would begin to dry things up but it wouldn 't do much by the time they arrived at Mr. Clancy 's home .
tr	1	""" We 're just slightly weirder than most ."
tr	0	It was a unique feeling .
tr	3	He reached inside his backpack and brought out a slim , rectangular block of C4 explosive .
tr	5	""" At first it could have been because they were scared and believed or wanted to believe that giving into his threat will solve everything ."
tr	5	Doubling over with pain , she is unable to stop her shield from being stripped away , and thrown across the room by Link 's intensifying rage .
tr	2	He 'd pretended to romance me just to spy on my family .
tr	2	She left the gun where it was and gathered up the reins in both hands .
tr	4	""" OK , "" Lilly Ann replied with a gracious smile , "" if it makes you feel better , be my guest ."
tr	0	""" Yep , "" I said ."
tr	4	Finally planting his foot on the staircase he breathes a gasp of relief once he breeches the water 's surface .
tr	0	She was trapped , like a wolf .
tr	0	A car was coming .
tr	0	We are nae without resources .
tr	1	""" Be silent , you merely confuse things more . """
tr	0	""" Another time , "" Lonnie said ."
tr	5	""" Well , Jack and Joe Jack went back out to the woods so you will have to settle for me for right now . """
tr	2	Sarah dared not take her eyes off the man in her sights .
tr	5	Warlocks and witches , not all of them captured during the Salem trials of 1692 , also used the attics and cellars for their black rites .
tr	3	""" Perhaps by the time resources can be found for that , we 'll have a working interface ."
tr	0	"Next time it 's my turn . """
tr	3	""" I got the recorder but Mr. Taylor 's parachute was on fire so he couldn 't jump ."
tr	4	"I have taken this charge and the quest with full knowledge that it may end with my death , unfulfilled . """
tr	5	The next time that I see you , General , you will either be inside the walls of the Alamo , or you will be dead .
tr	3	While he hasn 't been able to convict the Faith , he has been able to vex them .
tr	4	""" Helping a friend , "" Scott said and looked down at the little girl who was keeping pace with him ."
tr	1	""" Well I have not done so have I ? """
tr	4	Harold 's musings were interrupted by the break in the static and the crowd around the tables immediately became silent , leaning in close .
tr	4	The afternoon has come and gone leaving him cursing the generous rest he was granted while Ganondorf roams Hyrule freely .
tr	5	Out of eight girls in their age group , she was still in the bottom half for all strokes , but was moving up steadily .
tr	2	Miriam looked at him for a moment , and t she couldn 't help giggling .
tr	3	The likelihood is as the world population grows this trend will continue eventually overtaking even first world countries .
tr	2	As soon as we have him in his new home we 'll be in touch .
tr	1	Mike held up his hands for quiet and spoke solemnly .
tr	5	Charles Lafferty was the youngest , no more than five years my senior and as out of place in Leavenworth as I had been in New York .
tr	1	Traffic was unusually light for the time of day .
tr	0	""" I think it was Peyton . """
tr	3	They both jumped into the old van and Lilly Ann drove into the road with gravel flying behind them .
tr	4	They are important because we cannot live together in a civilized society filled with light and decency and goodness without civility and common courtesy .
tr	2	He turned back to the scene that was unfolding in front of him .
tr	1	It cracked his ribs and lifted him off his feet .
tr	4	""" You really should watch where you are going ; someone with ill intentions could take you by surprise . """
tr	1	Slowly his eyes became accustomed to the gloom .
tr	0	""" Ugh , "" Rick moaned ."
tr	1	"Come , sit down , my friend . """
tr	1	Behind the shooting line George unlocked the two cases .
tr	1	"He pointed , "" That wall , if you can ? """
tr	4	So I charge up my infernal internal dynamo , watching the orange glow begin to shimmer off of my arms .
tr	0	""" I know you do . """
tr	4	""" Friends , "" she demanded everyone 's attention , "" Let 's give back to the earth what is hers . """
tr	1	"I think I saw him fall down . """
tr	2	""" There is a lot you can learn from a river , right ? """
tr	0	""" Who is worried ? """
tr	4	He passed a plate of small , crusty rolls , split and filled with cheese and herbs , to Neil .
tr	5	They set an old trailer on fire yesterday over on Hyacinth ; it got away from them and damned near burned down every house on the canal .
tr	5	She made her purchases , and with the old man 's condolences in her ears , made her way back to where Drew waited for her .
tr	3	""" A thousand gold pieces is enough for any sane man to do anything , "" Antonio said ."
tr	3	"She lifted her new dress up to her shoulders , "" Can 't you see it ? """
tr	5	Let me finish by saying that I have been wrong about many things over my lifetime and I certainly hope I am wrong about this as well .
tr	2	""" They 're all in place , awaiting orders , "" she told her partner ."
tr	4	Sprinting across the open air , large glyphs of purple light form beneath his feet , ushering him back into the fight .
tr	1	she said in a frail voice , her tone hesitant .
tr	2	Having done that , he apparently thought it best to place it on the counter .
tr	1	We need a more proactive plan to resolve this mess .
tr	3	Arriving in front of the stage she did not make any effort to look for the stairs .
tr	4	A .22 caliber can 't break a rib , then have enough energy remaining to tear through all these organs .
tr	3	But the path was veering to the right and would soon disappear into a forest of blue .
tr	2	""" But the emails I got from her said there were caretakers ."
tr	5	""" The Tennessee ships passed by their position and they could do nothing to stop them although they got a lot of good shots off ."
tr	5	"Adam continued , "" Rick used to assist her with protection , muscle , to put it simply , in exchange for a cut of the profits ."
tr	5	She still longed to understand more of the book she now carried but she also desperately needed to know more of what was going on .
tr	3	It appeared to be a holographic baseball card or something , but was too shiny for that .
tr	4	The Prince of Oxen followed him and brought the entire place down ; there 's barely a single column left standing .
tr	0	I was afraid he would die .
tr	3	He steeped out into the garden , the life giving light on his chest and nature at his feet .
tr	5	I understand if you don 't want me to be your advisor anymore , and I will understand if you banish me along with my sister .
tr	4	""" The drought isn 't the only plague spreading through Hyrule , "" Mai admits , sounding much more solemn than before ."
tr	4	Cade ducked his head into the various rooms that lined the garden until he found one whose roof was mostly intact .
tr	2	"I told him , to his face , I thought he was Indonesian . """
tr	4	"Scum ... rebels ... the worst dregs of humanity ... "" "" They 're better than you will ever be ! """
tr	1	""" You 've got everything here , "" commented Jennie ."
tr	1	I grabbed the screwdriver and jabbed Peyton in the arm .
tr	1	The song won 't stop in my head .
tr	4	' I would hate to think what that woman would do to you if she had you in her grasp . '
tr	5	He never asked for this , never picked me -- it is his right to resent it , and I won 't make it worse .
tr	0	Finn was shaking his head .
tr	5	She wondered about that for some time until it suddenly hit her : despite his bulky appearance he had moved with the grace of a dancer .
tr	4	Once they were on the road again , Elaina spoke , as much to break the strained silence between them as anything else .
tr	0	""" Where am I ? """
tr	1	If she 's not dead , she 'll tell .
tr	4	He returned to Mr. Clancy and crouched over him , his sweat caused by the fire and his nervousness rolling down his brow .
tr	5	As Paul got the propane stove lit and got water on for coffee , Amanda stood sheepishly beside him as they both smiled at each other .
tr	4	They snake all over his body , crisscrossing each other , extending around his torso and down past the waist of his jeans .
tr	0	' This will cost you . '
tr	3	The idol has been forged ... we will not let harm come to our blessed mother .
tr	5	He didn 't understand why she followed him out the window and was now trying to convince him to go back into the lion 's den .
tr	3	I mean the person must be quite a danger to society to need so much back up .
tr	1	I slipped out the door and joined the flow .
tr	4	' Unfortunately , it was several decades before the full effects of the Red Death manifested themselves in him . '
tr	3	""" I 'll take care to stay on this side of her temper , then . """
tr	1	A wide , deep gorge separated the two .
tr	1	He smiled again then took a step back .
tr	4	In all , it was very evident that White Wolf Keep was poor , and for obvious reasons : What resources did they have ?
tr	2	The recording machines automatically switched on and logged the time and date .
tr	0	Words I never thought would stand together .
tr	3	""" I 've trusted him with the defense of the country for more than a decade ."
tr	0	"Nothing but words ! """
tr	5	I wasn 't sure what to do next but thought I might use the old Johnny Johnson problem solving technique which worked so well in the past .
tr	1	""" You like to play tricks , "" said Jacob ."
tr	5	He ran under it easily and pulled it from the air , slowing to a jog as the ball settled into the crook of his arm .
tr	3	One White Wolf dashed up to Brand and lay down on the floor , then barked .
tr	5	It 's actually not hard to fall off the face of the Earth ; just stop paying your bills , quit driving and sublease an apartment .
tr	1	Lilly Ann greeted Taylor as he opened the door .
tr	2	He found her on top of an even larger outcropping of stones .
tr	3	In fact , I 'm working on a presentation I 've been asked to give the trustees on Friday .
tr	2	""" I was going to talk to you about that , "" he said ."
tr	0	Valerian 's eyes widened .
tr	4	Material goods so sought after before the Collapse were no longer of importance as they lay abandoned and free for the taking .
tr	0	We 've been to Harlem .
tr	4	Her mouth moved , and although Neil couldn 't hear her words , somehow he knew what she was trying to say .
tr	3	Victor shifted on the floor and clasped Godard 's hand tightly , his face pale with grief .
tr	5	He was wearing the same kind of Irish cap he had always worn , along with a casual sweater , jeans , and hiking boots .
tr	2	Rafe squirmed uncomfortably and began to fiddle with the leather tassel on his belt .
tr	0	I should never have pointed it out .
tr	5	As she led Dan out of the camp at a walk , she caught John 's eye as he stood next to the little cart pony Ned .
tr	0	""" Yeah right . """
tr	4	We found that despite his past and melancholy burden , Jacob Douglas was an energetic , eccentric , and fast friend .
tr	3	""" They 're without many trained technicians and electricians , and of course replacement parts are an issue . """
tr	4	""" Where 's my ... "" He grinned when Sidney appeared in the doorway and stuffed a filled coffee mug in his hand . """
tr	1	My heart wants to beat out of my chest .
tr	0	""" Where are we going ? """
tr	0	"I 'd recognize it anywhere . """
tr	0	There was a name next to it .
tr	3	The water was long since frozen solid , but he didn 't want to walk on it tonight .
tr	4	""" No one bothered searching for alternatives , and all our efforts continued to be focused on making what we had work ."
tr	0	More like a horror movie .
tr	5	Those with the resources -- Michael , Josh , her brother , her parents -- were not the ones she wanted to approach in an emergency .
tr	3	The phone rang again , but this time to announce me that I 've got a message .
tr	1	"Anna simply glared at him , "" Fine ! """
tr	1	They began to walk away with the gurney and body bag .
tr	0	""" I 'm really sorry . """
tr	1	As long as you explain what 's going on .
tr	4	Regardless , we were voicing these thoughts at a cafe in Paris , and that 's what caused the duel .
tr	0	he said with a smirk of defiance .
tr	1	The girl did not hesitate for a second .
tr	0	Our landlady was frowning .
tr	1	""" She was disguised as one of the men ."
tr	1	"They 're the only things without dust on them . """
tr	0	""" High jump ? """
tr	5	When he came out of the dunes , Lucas caught his first glimpse of the stretch and realized suddenly exactly what Tomlinson had been talking about .
tr	4	Chris nodded to Professor Cobb , dressed in blue pants and a plaid jacket with a flowery scarf draped around his neck .
tr	0	Barney and the captain looked his way .
tr	2	The photo of Brenner and Downer standing over their grave was taken by me .
tr	1	He crouched down and examined one foot and then the other .
tr	4	He had done that a couple of times before this summer and it always warned Missy of hikers on the trail .
tr	3	She flashed him her biggest sweet girl smile and took the data pad from his hands .
tr	4	"The path is gradual and winding then we have to backtrack about a quarter of a mile over the rock bed . """
tr	4	It was about that time that she met David and decided the courtship didn 't allow time to include horses too .
tr	1	""" It fully regenerated , "" Mark said solemnly ."
tr	5	He saw the agony on her face as he pressed his other hand to her side to steady her for what he was about to do .
tr	3	Of all of Monet 's works , this was the one I found the most soothing .
tr	3	The two men had their shotguns under their arms although it looked as though they 'd had no luck .
tr	3	Refusing to give in to the emotions which swept over her , she finally turned away from the rail .
tr	2	She 's probably the most timid and easily scared of the four of us .
tr	4	Considering how to escape the sinking ship of a temple , Rift fails to notice the beasts carefully stalking him .
tr	5	"The captain was in Barney 's living room , where he 'd been spending much of his time , fascinated by this thing called "" television . """
tr	2	""" I do not know how many of them there are , Adele ."
tr	1	A cold draft sent goosebumps down my legs .
tr	2	He entered into a tastefully furnished entrance hallway with a distinct oriental feel to it .
tr	4	They came out of the trees and started descending into the shelter of a deep valley that faced out onto a beach .
tr	1	Not an angry smile , but a sincere one .
tr	5	The rocky terrain made it hard to crawl out the back , but he made better time when he got around to the shuttle 's side .
tr	3	She lived life with her typical boundless joy , lasting another three years before finally dying last June .
tr	1	Footsteps and voices filtered through the upper deck .
tr	1	She sat in the pitch black of the garage .
tr	3	Malcolm wrapped his arm around my waist , and I 'd never been so thankful for human contact .
tr	0	""" Guess it 's something bad . """
tr	4	""" I think you 're giving your brother indigestion , "" I tell Gabe as he cranks up Eye of the Tiger ."
tr	5	In orbit , a sensor array on the Ares identified the reflection from his laser and added a modular shelter unit onto the Osprey flight schedule .
tr	0	"He 's real pissy about that . """
tr	2	""" When this is all over , I 'm going to marry her ."
tr	0	Adele closed her eyes and was still .
tr	2	And now , she supposed , she herself would be held in trust .
tr	5	""" Yes , let 's hear what they have to say , "" said Simm , leaning on the table towards Brazen and crossing his arms ."
tr	4	A hazy story slowly came together like a patchwork quilt of official statements , news conjectures , and ham radio reports .
tr	5	The great waves of the Pacific will not swallow me , and the bandits of Europe 's alleyways deny me the swift demise I seek .
tr	3	"She thought about it for a moment , "" What would you tell them this time ? """
tr	3	People were growing tired of the cookie-cutter novels -- the generic , molded , scripted repeats of previous successes .
tr	4	Many of our people , including the captain , had died of the fever and Cisco was the official leader .
tr	0	I wanted to be wrong .
tr	4	""" The answer is no so please let Mr. Donovan and me continue without having to fight this battle , too . """
tr	2	""" Well , this cleans up the feud , "" she grunted ."
tr	5	""" But Grandfather , we haven 't used it in months and the major said we 'd be moving forward today , "" Noel offered ."
tr	0	""" Lord Rand ! """
tr	1	A month without angel cakes was making us twitchy .
tr	2	In the darkness she could not see the grin she heard in his voice .
tr	5	To look at the dilapidated rows of stone huts , anyone would have been surprised to hear that it was one of the largest cities in Texas .
tr	0	I stared at him .
tr	1	Barney stepped behind the table and sat down to rousing applause .
tr	2	Donovan pierced the earth with the shovel and threw the load of dirt behind him .
tr	0	I catch a tremor beneath his words .
tr	1	The careful calculations of weight and balance had paid off .
tr	4	We shared our views about what we felt had gone wrong and what we hoped the future would look like .
tr	4	It was as if the hard stony exterior she so often assumed was pulled away , leaving behind just a girl .
tr	2	Still holding onto Dan 's reins , she stepped up onto the cottage porch .
tr	1	The center was meaty and juicy and a bit salty .
tr	5	Henry Mason was not a stupid man , he knew that they had not heard or seen the last of this group , whoever they were .
tr	1	Dan how close are you to having your problems fixed ?
tr	2	"How about we go get some hot dogs and drinks and candy ? """
tr	1	They laughed together in the warmth of the kitchen .
tr	2	""" She did wait , but your carriage was somewhat delayed . """
tr	1	It blew over them directly into the black forest behind them .
tr	2	""" Would the rest of you like to identify yourselves now ? """
tr	0	Again the tiny patient 's body convulsed .
tr	5	"If he is to take control over you all that will happen is he will destroy the planet , unless he destroys you first . """
tr	4	Then he fled out of the witch 's den with Brand close behind , and ran straight south as a storm began .
tr	0	What was it he had read ?
tr	2	She looked around frantically , trying to get up but obviously lightheaded .
tr	0	She 'll just live with us forever ?
tr	2	"The scary thing is , the 964 didn 't seem the least bit surprised . """
tr	3	I began buying cases of all manner of canned goods as they were likely to keep .
tr	2	Our apartment together is terrifying , because it doesn 't scare me at all .
tr	5	Moments after his birth , when she held him carefully in her arms like a priceless ancient porcelain urn , Gilbert looked up at her and smiled .
tr	5	She figured he had darted into another door , but then again she felt a wave of fear go through her body and she wanted to run .
tr	1	But something was wrong , and he wasn 't sure what .
tr	1	They shared their thoughts with a knowing glance .
tr	4	""" It 's going to be five hours until you 'll get another chance , so who needs a bathroom ?"
tr	5	A large shield of ice intercepts the rest of the needles , lowered slightly to reveal the Queen holding the frigid defender as if it were weightless .
tr	3	His eighteen yard kilt swayed as he strode across the room giving Jennie a Christmas kiss .
tr	1	Some angels have learned to control the hunger better than others .
tr	5	A sudden call bellowed from the woods as a single scout came racing out and collapsed , his chest heaving as he fell flat to the earth .
tr	0	""" Can 't I get the carriage ?"
tr	4	""" Are you girls gon na stay in the van all day or are you gon na join us anytime soon ? """
tr	3	""" Alejo , I 'm so glad you finally did me the favor of answering , che ."
tr	5	I never liked dancing , but I didn 't want Kayla , who is a senior to miss out on a memorable and special night .
tr	2	""" Here , in fact , in this very tent , "" she answered ."
tr	3	Not a single artifact has been discovered to confirm any of that or any evidence of space travel .
tr	0	It came away in my hands .
tr	0	She noticed it wasn 't bleeding .
tr	2	The five remaining agents in the lobby all drew their pistols and assumed firing stances .
tr	1	There was not the slightest hint of surprise in her voice .
tr	4	A wave of relief swept over him ; perhaps in time she would bear him no grudge at all over the deception .
tr	1	This input was also a type of real-time ongoing census .
tr	4	She was a font of knowledge , a treasure trove of information , a ... oh , there I go again .
tr	1	The body of a man lay in the wreckage .
tr	3	After eating the food for several minutes in contented silence , our host looked us over .
tr	0	My mind is numb and empty .
tr	4	Bread and grain for troops were seized ; wool , cotton , and all other textiles were commandeered for uniforms .
tr	2	His eyes have turned gunmetal gray just like mine do when I 'm furious .
tr	5	If you look at him from this angle , nose to nose , you can see a faint , white , ring around his nose .
tr	4	The way she talked one might suppose he was a veritable grey beard who could hardly be expected to last much longer !
tr	5	It was as if the hellish weather of the last twenty-four hours had ceased to exist , reinforcing the sense of it all being a bad dream .
tr	4	As I always finish off my showers with a blast of cold water , it wasn 't going to be a very big perk .
tr	1	""" Did you hear him bark at all last night ? """
tr	3	To experience the wonder of his love after the storm was too much and tears ran down her face .
tr	4	The lunging predator speeds up dramatically in short bursts , then stops completely , paused while flying through the air to acquire its meal .
tr	1	""" How did you do it , Eda ? """
tr	1	He closed the distance by almost half before he stopped .
tr	3	"I was torn by conflicting loyalties , and suffered agonies of which you know nothing . """
tr	5	If Drake and I were about to embark on the most annoying journey of a lifetime , at least I was leaving things intact behind me .
tr	3	In the last six weeks , the mountaintop site had transformed into a small , green town .
tr	1	But the prospect now confronting his congealed his blood .
tr	3	She would be polite and tactful , that was certain ; Miriam could try to do the same .
tr	5	"If there isn 't enough to keep you busy or you can 't handle it , I won 't keep you , "" he warned ."
tr	2	"Look at me ; you 're a hundred times more emotional than I am ! """
tr	1	Not without telling him about my recent spy missions .
tr	4	No , thought Nathan a moment later as his eyes started to water and his nose burn , not grenades ... tear gas .
tr	0	Reid looked at me expectantly .
tr	5	He promised her to leave her in peace after all , so he had to use every time he could find to have her here .
tr	3	""" We have three hours before we leave for Germany ; I have time for something quick ."
tr	3	Neil was also able to see more of the lagoon , which was bordered by white sand .
tr	0	One he had never encountered before .
tr	0	Even my face hurt .
tr	4	She came from a well to do family that kept her so sheltered that getting kidnapped was on par with going to Disneyland .
tr	5	""" If we don 't escape then this time is all we have left , "" he said quietly , leaning against the wall beside her ."
tr	2	"Suddenly furious , Neil yelled back , "" Shut up , can 't you ?"
tr	2	""" I accept , but it 's my turn to put a condition . """
tr	1	So did their sight and sense of smell .
tr	5	""" Because I am the captain and this is my ship , "" He said nonchalantly and placed a slice of fruit in his mouth ."
tr	2	""" It 's been too long since I rode , "" she said ."
tr	3	"They 're here , "" she said , not immediately moving from her husband 's arms ."
tr	1	She knew what magic riding out in the world held .
tr	2	I didn 't even give the cop a chance to ask any questions .
tr	2	He tucked the SIG into his belt at his back , under his sweater .
tr	5	"It 's difficult ... I mean , I don 't know how to tell you ... I 'm afraid that I will going to loose you . """
tr	4	After stretching , she mounted one and bounced , pranced , flipped , and flopped back and forth across it .
tr	3	When his mind was as preoccupied , as it was now , it was his custom to pace .
tr	4	Dropping through another portal he cuts off his fleeing foe , though he doesn 't attempt to attack just yet .
tr	3	""" Hey , sport , "" Mark said , reaching down and picking up a bottle of suntan lotion ."
tr	1	I wanted an exciting job for some extra cash .
tr	5	To get through the remaining months of the school year , our team 's primary goal has shifted to making sure other attacks don 't occur .
tr	4	""" Let me check my social calendar , "" Lilly Ann joked , "" What did you have in mind ? """
tr	4	He accepted her as a mother into his own life and returned her kindness , much to the dismay of Manuel .
tr	3	Mark looked down at his clothes and shifted his weight back and forth in the tennis shoes .
tr	2	"You are not indifferent to me , and that much I know . """
tr	4	The initial plan had been to park the vehicles a distance away and approach the tanks on foot in a combat wedge formation .
tr	1	You practice almost five hours a day counting the gym work .
tr	0	Alejo tried his most convincing smile .
tr	2	""" I tell ya , I couldn 't find ' im . """
tr	4	The last thing he saw was Leah 's look of horror , as the world caved in around him and swirled into blackness .
tr	1	Her emotions were crashing around in her head .
tr	4	The thought comforted her and she walked on , pushing thoughts of crumpled little boy forms and wild dogs from her mind .
tr	5	Mr Watkins , suddenly started talking about all the things we could have , as if we were sitting in a travel agent 's buying a holiday .
tr	4	The shadows also covered the space , providing a ready hiding place from the great hall which spread out before me .
tr	1	It had been three months , and it still hurt .
tr	5	The wound , and the others around my arm , hand , and right side of my face , started to tingle and feel numb .
tr	1	""" You didn 't get that in 1952 . """
tr	2	""" I think it may have , though not in the manner you think ."
tr	0	""" What are you doing ? """
tr	2	The motors got louder as the boats moved closer and then suddenly cut off .
tr	2	He touched Taylor 's shoulder to let him know that he was ready .
tr	5	She had managed to bypass the teacher 's security to peek at the class 's grades only to also find more than she bargained for .
tr	3	""" You may set her on the chair there , I don 't mind the mess . """
tr	4	At least this didn 't happen in the winter , thought Nathan , the worst of the cold is past .
tr	4	Something was drawing her southwest , perhaps a whiff of wild blueberries reaching the end of their ripening in this warm July weather .
tr	1	He lifted my head and sloshed water down my throat .
tr	1	Now all Margaret cared about was her life .
tr	5	I 'd had enough time to cool down and part of my irritation was my own failing of not having caught the problem in the first place .
tr	4	Her husband was virile , that she knew , and to imagine him in the arms of others made her blood boil in jealousy .
tr	4	He went away for seven months , and by her father 's calculations , he should have already been back .
tr	5	The man continued to scream out the woman 's name until a sharp jab to his temple with the end of a club knocked him out cold .
tr	1	' It 's the eyes , isn 't it ?
tr	2	""" You didn 't think I 'd forget , did you ? """
tr	5	The decision to start in the middle was almost overlooked until Frank had questioned the assumption that they would start at one end of the keel .
tr	3	Some things were more important than another glass and a lively dance with a pretty girl .
tr	0	""" No my Rosa ."
tr	5	When I was four , I sneaked into one of the trunks of our scullery maids ' son and took out a pair of dark maroon breaches .
tr	0	Jimmy didn 't wait for an answer .
tr	3	By the pensive droop of his eyes , Logan was contemplating the beauty which had only just left us .
tr	2	He grabbed the rope and allowed the current to drag him in .
tr	2	Josie looked at Jimmy as though he were an escapee from a mental institution .
tr	2	Alex finally paused long enough to take a breath and see Rick 's reaction .
tr	5	Sylvia was concerned , because she did want to use the Rattlesnake skin as soon as possible , to roll her pups in it for protection .
tr	5	""" As I was sayin ' , "" Crabtree continued , "" That be Gerard , but we mostly call ' im ' Frenchy ' ."
tr	2	She gave these out to her tenants when they paid the rent on time .
tr	3	Miriam opened her eyes wide with shock , unable to believe that Furnace could be such a traitor .
tr	0	""" Jimmy ... ... ."
tr	4	The shower cleaned my body , but no matter how hot I ran the water , the fears remained , wedged in my mind .
tr	2	But no , she was happy at the thought that a psycho will join us .
tr	2	"We 'll leave after we eat , "" Rick said , looking at his watch ."
tr	0	Brendan stood up at Finn 's approach .
tr	2	He wasn 't bleeding but there was a bump there and it itched .
tr	1	"What you do with it is up to you . """
tr	5	So she went back to school and followed her parents ' advice to study sciences , choosing molecular biology to work in a research lab .
tr	0	""" Looks great , "" I said ."
tr	2	"He asked , "" What do you reckon is going on . """
tr	0	The Bastian noble frowned .
tr	5	""" She was a bright pupil , but lacked concentration , and would rather play tricks on her tutor than commit herself to serious study ."
tr	5	""" Yes I did , but with such nasty bump on his head , he might not be cleared medically to fly by the flight doctors ."
tr	1	It would have to be for five , though .
tr	3	They were a madman 's words , and Ali hardly believed they were coming from his own mouth .
tr	2	The Mohawk stayed far enough back that she could act as support .
tr	5	Very carefully so as not to wake the young boy gently snoring beside her , Sarah slid out of bed and silently put her boots on .
tr	3	The hunger is still tearing me to pieces , so that means I didn 't kill Gabe .
tr	1	""" Thanks , "" I turn away from him ."
tr	4	Subconsciously , I think I had known what her reply was going to be even before she uttered the words .
tr	3	They took these lands as their own and from their wisdom the laws of freedom have been brought forth .
tr	1	""" It is not what you think . """
tr	5	"Nathan bristled at being called an outsider and pushed down an angry response , "" Sir , we understand ... better than you folks , I think ."
tr	4	""" Here 's what 's about to transpire : As you have apparently found out , the Archduke is currently in our possession ."
tr	1	He fixed his eyes on Alejo , who grimly nodded .
tr	0	' Yes , ' I murmured .
tr	5	She was going through the motions , but Riesling had to agree with the younger men -- the Lady Elaina hardly seems to be alive .
tr	1	""" Since yesterday night , my lady . """
tr	1	He relished the rare chance to bring Rafe down a little .
tr	3	The Joes quickly learned that she was referring to several canisters of an experimental sleeping gas .
tr	5	A slow quiet melody took place over the crackling of the fire and they all turned around to see what the noise had stemmed from .
tr	3	Nathan fell to the ground and looked up at the sky with wisps of tear gas floating overhead .
tr	3	"Everything will be fine ; you just have to stay somewhere and no not talk with no one . """
tr	1	Chris turned and saw Sarah gazing around the room .
tr	1	For once , her status was listed as Offline .
tr	1	""" What are you going to do about Sidney ? """
tr	0	""" Tell me about it . """
tr	1	Maybe I wanted to be up against the wall .
tr	3	The dewy grass soaked my sneakers , and I shivered at the bite in the air .
tr	0	""" What is that ? """
tr	3	Beau , everything we have fought to protect will need you to protect it again , have no doubt .
tr	0	A smile appeared on Roberto 's face .
tr	0	I demand you release them .
tr	3	"Ben raised one eyebrow and said sarcastically , "" Well , at least he asked for something easy . """
tr	4	Neil couldn 't catch all the words , but it sounded like one was accusing the other of cheating at dice .
tr	0	""" Get off ! """
tr	3	His voice was steady , but there was a white line of anger around his mouth .
tr	1	As if they knew that a better new world was coming .
tr	4	Next , the two middle points of the diamond are the monarchy 's support : the Church and the Nobility .
tr	0	Alejo yelled after him .
tr	0	"What 's your name ? """
tr	5	Every now and again the swoosh of a hunting owl would startle him and he wondered at their design that caused them to be so quiet .
tr	1	""" Have the girl go with our men , please . """
tr	4	The cheering and the drinking had shifted into high gear at the prospect of a battle with the American and her group .
tr	4	And that I was trying to do , to see beyond the appearance of the situation where I was in .
tr	1	""" Is that any way to treat a lady ? """
tr	0	He 's like boss of the squirrels .
tr	3	It wasn 't until he came to his feet that he realized he was more than drunk .
tr	1	And I had to see about a body .
tr	2	"And if you don 't like it , you won 't go . """
tr	5	I was starting to get a little light-headed and becoming increasingly afraid it wasn 't due to some Neanderthal kneeling on my neck when I heard pounding .
tr	3	She held out her arms and gathered me into a hug and kissed both my cheeks .
tr	3	"Then he explained , "" It is a family tradition to serve the Empress as casters . """
tr	1	Hyperion was now standing in the shapeshifter 's room .
tr	4	The coyote didn 't seem to even notice she was there and laid its head down on its good paw and closed its eyes .
tr	4	However , I 'm not going to marry someone whose best claim to decent behavior is that they 've ' been nice today ' .
tr	0	Do you know how dangerous that is ?
tr	5	Claire Thank you for sending through your initial findings , they appear satisfactory , although I have not had a great deal of time to peruse them .
tr	0	""" My , my ."
tr	0	Jimmy 's jaw dropped .
tr	2	Chris noticed he seemed to only go through the motions those days he tutored .
tr	3	"Jes between you an ' me , I thought I was a goner fer sure . """
tr	5	Eight complete panels are programmed to line up into orbit on one shuttle launch , and then the panels will be bonded together by robotic spiders .
tr	2	And if it was good enough for Einstein , it was good enough for Chris .
tr	0	Her father must have felt really bad .
tr	1	Nope , still skinny , just the way she liked it .
tr	3	It didn 't matter what happened to him , they had already failed in their objective .
tr	2	From humor to horror , I 've got the H 's covered .
tr	4	There they waited for nearly an hour , all seated next to each other , on one side of the table .
tr	1	Presently she was glaring through a doorway upon a weird scene .
tr	5	If Mason were to pay him , which he had no intention of doing , his fare would be well over five hundred pounds by now .
tr	5	So I made more gestures but then had to drop back behind the Luton as a Ford Mondeo was bombing down the road towards us .
tr	5	Clapping my friend on the back , we shouted an exclamation into the wind as the train picked up speed , propelling us towards Rome .
tr	0	You haven 't changed at all !
tr	5	He smiled at VIN 's feeble attempt to sing in the shower and imagined that the kid was having an interesting time in the spacecraft cleansing system .
tr	5	It was on the tip of Finan 's tongue to deny it , purely on principle , but his stomach overruled his brain and he nodded .
tr	5	""" I will put them in a bag for you so I don 't have to stand here with the tray in my hands all day ! """
tr	2	""" Toby , "" said Alfred , "" keep up your spirits ."
tr	5	What was worse , Dustin made fun of him and Megan , and their parents had to hush the conversation because he was getting obnoxiously loud .
tr	0	"I 'm sorry . """
tr	2	If they believe that Lucas is out of their way , they will get bolder .
tr	0	I thought about Aimee .
tr	3	The cold filled him , deep and tender like a lover 's embrace , and numbed his bones .
tr	1	""" I will go alone , "" Roberto said ."
tr	4	The way I 'm interpreting it , the terrorist group will provide the materials for the clone , and NET is doing everything else .
tr	3	He felt paralyzed with indecision , but then , throwing caution to the wind , he stepped forward .
tr	5	Chapter 4 -- An Interesting Assignment Both arms came out of the water at her hips as her legs thrust her almost completely into the air .
tr	1	It was taken point-blank , straight at the wall in question .
tr	0	The crowds of people passed us by .
tr	3	That was far too easy , far too warm there in the water so close to her .
tr	5	As soon as Claire had taken several pictures , he gave it one last longing look before throwing it over the side of the boat .
tr	2	I leave the faucet running and lean against the door to listen .
tr	1	""" Wan na give it a try ? """
tr	5	His chest felt heavy , almost painful , he removed four antacid tablets from his jacket pocket popped them into his mouth -- acid reflux again .
tr	1	He saved me when Faro wanted to rape me .
tr	3	Dad 's mouth formed an O , and he surveyed the scene with a knowing look .
tr	0	We hit the ground together .
tr	2	He wanted her back on the Contra O Vento , back with him .
tr	4	But the pain died away in the next second , fading to a harsh but manageable ache , and he stumbled forward .
tr	2	""" Let 's find some authentic Irish food , "" he said with a smile ."
tr	3	Plus , the male sniffs the female 's pee to see if she 's ready to have a kid .
tr	3	If she lives to take it off and throw it in my face I 'll be thankful .
tr	3	' It 's an exact mirror image of the other one , ' she said with rising excitement .
tr	0	Both my fingers clenched into fists .
tr	0	He 's obviously delirious .
tr	1	They shook hands each noting the grip of the other .
tr	4	"The inherent laws of morality she claimed would allow all creatures to live in harmony , "" she concludes with an irritable tone ."
tr	4	"They all stared back at him in silence for a moment before David asked , "" Which one gets to go ? """
tr	1	""" He 'd been murdered in his bed ."
tr	2	A grunt left my lips as my hip struck the metal rail .
tr	0	"Come swiftly now ! """
tr	3	"It 's less than a mile from our house ... well , the path is at least . """
tr	1	"Allan said , "" George you get all settled in ? """
tr	4	"Perhaps it will awake from its long slumber and its power will be brought to bear against the evils here . """
tr	1	Kaylie suddenly asked , forgetting where she was .
tr	4	""" I 'm going to have Gabriel and Stalin take you down to the creek , "" he informed her ."
tr	2	We 've already confirmed that they have no cameras down there . '
tr	4	He had tried to radio for backup , but he wasn 't familiar with the transmitters the squad had been using .
tr	3	Three hours fifty-nine minutes and fifty-eight seconds after the kidnapping the camera covering the stud farm zoomed out .
tr	5	' Well , mum answered but cried so much that before I knew it I said I 'd go and see her this Friday . '
tr	0	What could the sign mean ?
tr	1	Until 1995 when it all finally came to an end .
tr	1	Adele pushed the tangle of curls back from her friends face .
tr	0	You 've been a fool , Gabriel .
tr	2	"said George , "" or do we just go in guns blazing ? """
tr	3	Landon felt an odd rush of pleasure -- so he does have emotions like a normal human .
tr	5	Even as part of him leaned eagerly into the adventure beckoning westward , he realized he was dragging others with him the way a man leads horses .
tr	0	""" Silent and stealthy ."
tr	4	The base of the river , almost completely dry a short time ago , has regained a healthy flow due to the recent rain .
tr	2	' Err yes ' I replied , wondering where this conversation was going .
tr	3	""" The White Wolf said to take him to a holy place , "" Brand said ."
tr	1	For a second their gazes held and then she was gone .
tr	5	Her heart was beating like boom , boom , boom , in a rhythm of a jumpy , dynamic Black Eyed Peas or Kevin Rudolf song .
tr	3	"I have been trying to serve and defend my country to the best of my ability . """
tr	4	Lucas had always thought of himself as an open-minded person , and knew that alternate lifestyle types were always welcome on the Rump .
tr	5	""" Be that as it may , sir , "" said Anderson , "" I am committed to the council and President Philips as our leader . """
tr	1	Lacroix crossed the floor and took the seat opposite mine .
tr	3	They crossed the border uneventfully although where anyone knew exactly where the border was seemed a good question .
tr	3	Lots of people don 't know it , but there are really three separate species of zebra .
tr	2	Rafe made his way to the nearest chair and slumped into it .
tr	3	"she didn 't tell us anything we don 't already know , any ideas anyone ? """
tr	5	Just as they reached it , they were forced to a sudden stop as one of the flying monsters dropped down to block their escape .
tr	4	I 'm not wearing a watch , and it takes me a moment to realize what he 's talking about .
tr	5	"I think Buzz is in Afghanistan this week , "" Dominic said , referring to the Secretary of Defense , Bill "" Buzz "" Dumfries ."
tr	0	""" Is that right ? """
tr	2	"Don 't worry , Mr. Cantwell ; I 'll behave myself . """
tr	4	"I mean the beginning was sort of normal , but these are constructed by some method I 've never seen . """
tr	0	Alejo felt himself staring .
tr	5	Not that she 'd wanted to , but the proper taking of the life of another of the Goddess ' creatures was a critical responsibility .
tr	2	Understanding flooded through his mind , and he crouched down beside her .
tr	5	He placed the tail of his shirt over the opening of the bottle to serve as a makeshift filter before dunking it below the surface .
tr	5	He stood there for a moment looking through the sliding glass door into the living room where Lex sat on the couch less than twenty feet away .
tr	0	"I miss both my parents . """
tr	0	But he kept reading , as usual .
tr	4	""" You 're just getting back at me , or having some kind of fun with me , aren 't you ? """
tr	1	And why wouldn 't the 964 be surprised ?
tr	3	They stood in front of a half-finished St. Vitus Cathedral , within the grounds of Prague Castle .
tr	0	The Rump was a small place .
tr	0	Victor slapped him lightly on the shoulder .
tr	3	As Hilda flayed and removed the meat from the dead rabbit , a light rain began .
tr	2	Rafe was surprised by a wish to hold her close in an appreciative bear hug .
tr	4	They have a technique for this that I have not yet learned , but I wonder at the thoughts that cross their minds .
tr	5	Without looking back , he grasped the reins , put his heels to the horse 's sides and prodded the animal into a gallop down the drive .
tr	3	Somehow the man slipped through the night and crossed , as His Majesty 's spies reported , into Austria .
tr	5	He couldn 't explain why he did it , it was forbidden , but he couldn 't leave her alone and see how she was suffering .
tr	5	Cellulose canisters were no match for the tons of steel that would tear through the magazine and a deadly cloud of propellant would be the result .
tr	0	""" How can you be so sure ?"
tr	5	No sooner had the words left her lips than the pigeon viciously pecked her and then jumped back on to Natalie 's shoulder and cooed and cooed .
tr	2	As he chatted , I became very aware of the wannabe spy lying behind me .
tr	4	While the outside had been honed to look ancient , the inside was a pleasing blend of modern and old .
tr	0	The guitar was perfectly tuned .
tr	3	He was perched like an owl upon a small throne in the center of the room .
tr	1	""" She promised to open the gates to the warriors ."
tr	5	So far they had found very little to appease their fiendish appetites , but they also had not yet come across anything that stood against them .
tr	0	""" That we did ."
tr	0	She spoke with Cisco .
tr	3	Gabe frowns at my joke , because , of course , it isn 't really a joke .
tr	3	They stepped in cautiously , expecting to find Mark and Josie on the ground , incapacitated .
tr	4	"And even if the Governor had any instructions for little old Hancock State Penitentiary , how would he let us know ? """
tr	1	They had pushed themselves to the limits of human endurance .
tr	3	You 've broken Bolivian law and , I assume , have people from your organization after you .
tr	4	People who had for years nervously watched their resources dwindle and options shrink once again were lured into the financial markets .
tr	5	If they had been at his parents ' house in Passage , they would have had fresh potatoes from the garden and mashed them all up .
tr	1	He looked at the drawings that Tom presented to him .
tr	3	"He caught sight of the boy , smiled broadly and bowed five or six times . """
tr	5	He opened his eyes and a smile crept across his face as his gaze fell upon the figure leaning against the wall beside the door .
tr	4	There were nonstop reports of chaos and violence ; even military convoys were being ambushed for what little food they carried .
tr	1	She followed him to the captain 's cabin .
tr	2	Alejo cleared his face of emotion and tried to state the facts clearly .
tr	4	The arrow to her thigh is no cause for concern , but the two in her abdomen are draining the animal 's strength rapidly .
tr	2	Taylor 's arms steadied her shoulders , his gaze fixed on her face .
tr	2	Mark grabbed her by the arm as she headed for the door .
tr	4	I was sure they were likely better sailors then we were and I wanted to avoid a running battle if at all possible .
tr	5	He pushed the shop 's door open just in time to hear the last few bars of Only When it 's Saturday before another track started .
tr	1	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	4	Gema just hadn 't been the same since the reunion , not that things had really been any good before .
tr	0	He grinned at Taylor .
tr	4	I chalked it up to the roll of the dice ; we had been the winners in the game for survival .
tr	5	""" To my compatriot from Texas , I want to point out Dr. Kendall mentioned no state in his reference to ' commercial interests ' ."
tr	0	We entered the estate from the north-west .
tr	5	He jammed on his shoes and trotted quickly through the battleship , edging sideways through hatches as other men went in opposite directions past him .
tr	2	He thought she forgot her hunger as she lit up with her familiar enthusiasm .
tr	1	"Kaylie leaned over and whispered with concern , "" Us too ?"
tr	0	""" Can you handle four more ? """
tr	0	""" Shoot the bastard ."
tr	0	"what 's up ? """
tr	0	She is my joy , my delight .
tr	3	After greeting each other , Haskins opened his bags to remove equipment and got to work .
tr	2	Rafe had never been easy in their company , it had rendered him silent .
tr	4	Instead he asked the question he 'd been longing to ask but had not found the appropriate time or place to do so .
tr	0	Lucas gritted his teeth .
tr	2	""" I 'd love to move the game to the bedroom , "" she said ."
tr	5	"He was , in all respects , a slave to the Elder Family who 'd sheltered him but with Yin he was something else . """
tr	5	One of them had a big screen rather like one of our computers , the screen was continually lighting up with new bits of information .
tr	5	I found a cloth in my pack and wiped down my spikes , gauntlets , and axe while I let the anger drain out of me .
tr	0	At first , David hesitated .
tr	4	Her Silat training allowed her to control herself and all the tangled up emotions that would overcome her ... ... .
tr	3	"Uncle Robbie told me some bodies had been buried here and stones placed like a cairn . """
tr	3	The tunnel up and out was a couple of feet above the floor of the cavern .
tr	4	Beyond the main thoroughfare , on the secondary and tertiary roads , tiny houses dotted the roads leading out of town .
tr	4	""" That would be lovely , "" she replied , toying with one long red curl that hung over her bare shoulder ."
tr	4	He also couldn 't help but notice that over time , Cobb himself had become the face of the wreck .
tr	0	Sarah said , still laughing .
tr	3	It hadn 't been just the surprise of seeing an expression on the Watcher that startled her .
tr	5	- If you would like to , you can move here and I will bring you to school every day and pick you up in the afternoon .
tr	3	She wished she could root through Miss Cantwell 's fashionable leather trunk or at least search her pockets .
tr	0	Bruno barked the order again in German .
tr	4	""" Yes , we heard that a lot of peeps were playing the rage and anger game for a while ."
tr	1	""" Well , the rushes are set , "" he said ."
tr	2	It was mostly deep rolling hills on this side of the terrain .
tr	3	Where Cletus had been standing just a second ago , there was now just his hat and axe .
tr	1	""" Of what use would it have been ?"
tr	3	Charles Gray leaned forward , turning to the right to aim his retort at the Admiral .
tr	3	It was touch and go for a moment and I really thought that was where we all would die .
tr	3	Waves of Fire and Air spilled over each other , surging , gushing off into the night .
tr	1	""" Say Finan , are you alright ? """
tr	5	They don 't care if Europe gets the fallout from an exploding shuttle , but they don 't seem to want Washington as a potential target .
tr	4	Giving him no time to recover , Mai combos into a devastating elbow to the temple before dropping back to the ground .
tr	5	My past is my past , this is a fresh start , these people don 't know me , and I could redefine who I am here .
tr	0	I asked in exasperation .
tr	0	Olsson smiled and held up a badge .
tr	1	He studied it for a couple of seconds and sighed .
tr	2	He had already made sure all the doors of the house were locked .
tr	3	It seemed to him that he stood there an eternity , and in truth his wait was rather lengthy .
tr	2	""" You do know how to make a scene , don 't you Nathaniel ? """
tr	3	Obviously she wanted to say no to Mana , but she also wanted the girl to leave .
tr	1	He suddenly didn 't think he was so clever anymore .
tr	4	When she came round to visit , she usually steamrolled her way into the kitchen and ended up doing most of the cooking .
tr	2	""" So , just in Ireland on holiday , are you ? """
tr	0	""" This is stupid . """
tr	0	""" How much ... ? """
tr	4	Taylor was getting more comfortable and animated as he got deeper into the matter that had occupied his mind for the last few years .
tr	0	' Pick me up in twenty . '
tr	4	As for Anna and I , we left Europe the day after we buried our grandfather 's ashes in Prague , his birth city .
tr	3	She ignored him and began to walk away , thrusting her torch into any dark crannies .
tr	0	I feel sodden with it .
tr	4	"007 's being elusive with me , but perhaps that is part of your session today , eh , old chap ? """
tr	4	""" You 'd better call me on my mobile then because Tern Hill is a bit of a drive , "" she replied ."
tr	0	He sounded completely off his rocker .
tr	3	He wished very much that he could tell her that , but knew he could not .
tr	5	Once she ascertained where she was being held , once she understood the layout , then , only then ... She prayed for the chance .
tr	3	She had the air of a woman who had come into familiar territory , within call of friends .
tr	4	She nicked the tip of her thumb with the edge of the short blade and dripped a few scarlet droplets into a second vial .
tr	1	"She knows many things she won 't say to me . """
tr	5	It was also the first stop because they both would undergo a complete medical examination and they would need to remain here for the first few days .
tr	4	The Prince , somewhat irked that his question had been disregarded , nevertheless heeled his horse in the ribs and shot after them .
tr	0	Her eyes smiled back as she nodded .
tr	0	""" I coulda , though , Mom ."
tr	0	Thorne barely glanced at them .
tr	3	Hell things are so messed up between the Navy and us right now nobody would ever know the difference .
tr	0	""" You knew my mother ? """
tr	0	""" I did ? """
tr	5	""" I know , let 's just try a quick game of Match Fight , "" she decided and smiled when her familiar friend formed before her ."
tr	4	Then when we finally came back to the group , I was accused of abandoning the group and punished accordingly .
tr	0	I felt a tiny bit bad .
tr	2	Did he know what she had supposed he had been going to do ?
tr	5	The sibilant thing that listened for the notes responded , but the sheer weight of activity seemed to daze it , overwhelm it with opportunity .
tr	2	""" Important for us big shots to work just as hard as our underlings ."
tr	0	Fear roiled inside me .
tr	4	They continue the work of their father , choosing to serve their own interests by removing all sentient creation from the incarnate realm .
tr	4	I will be installed as soon as the new government document is approved and signed by all the country representatives .
tr	4	A sad , somber look steals over each of the Goddess , their compassion infinitely more adept than that of the Fierce Deity .
tr	5	The Desert Oasis resort - a towering luxury hotel far removed from any city , overlooking a small lake and Arizona 's scenic painted desert .
tr	0	"I get it , "" Gabe retorts ."
tr	1	""" Don 't tell me it doesn 't work , sweetie ."
tr	5	When Jace came back later that night , he initially sounded like he was there to continue the questioning and not to visit someone he 'd wronged .
tr	0	Available now in digital and print editions !
tr	0	One eye on the altimeter .
tr	1	""" He won 't hurt you , "" Gabe whispers ."
tr	5	"In the lengthening silence , Giselle said , "" For what it 's worth Master , I don 't see you as a nerd . """
tr	3	So badly did she want to believe it , her heart literally ached in her chest .
tr	1	A military knife lay on the ground , the handle melted .
tr	0	""" How 'd you get home ? """
tr	2	What if the gunman had bad aim or sneezed as he pulled the trigger ?
tr	1	Alfred leaned back in his chair and seemed to relax slightly .
tr	1	""" Please , God , "" she said ."
tr	5	Her hold on the pillars weakened and slipped away with her concentration -- there wasn 't room in her head for anything but the searing pain .
tr	4	The stair rail was hot to the touch as she stepped down and onto the tarmac at Brunei 's main airport .
tr	4	He then moved to the front of the wagon , grabbed a blanket , and draped it over the patient .
tr	4	Missy and Kevin skirted around behind Lonnie and Ricky and stood just outside the circle of golden light thrown off by the roaring blaze .
tr	1	"We may need more than one drink , "" Jacob said ."
tr	2	I took the Glock 17 from the holster on my hip and checked the magazine .
tr	1	We scrambled topside I took the wheel while Sam cut lines .
tr	2	She doesn 't have a mother anymore , but she does have a father .
tr	2	The light on the next containment door changed to green and a panel slid aside .
tr	1	""" I can 't read without my glasses . """
tr	2	No one noticed him as he lay sprawled on the ground between the cannons .
tr	5	""" I 've heard that question before somewhere , "" she said dryly , "" though I vaguely remember being the one to ask it . """
tr	3	He held the corner of a piece of paper absently , watching the four of them approach .
tr	3	They swayed slightly and then landed , a flailing mass of limbs , in the mud .
tr	0	She pointed at the appropriate hamster drawing .
tr	4	""" Your bedroom is right up those steps , so we won 't have to traipse up and down the main hall anymore . """
tr	5	A maniacal laughter echoes across Hyrule Field as the ninja slowly absorbs the fire into himself , a blinding orange glow emanating from beneath his hood .
tr	2	""" Ask him how much for two days , "" Alejo told the driver ."
tr	5	Beneath the ground his path crossed in front of the Rattlesnake still seeking a meal with ravenous intent within the haphazard crossroads of the tunnels .
tr	5	"We 're going to make a run out and see if he can make all those promises he was slinging around last night come true . """
tr	3	He added two tiny spoons of sugar and a stream of cream , stirring it around without thinking .
tr	5	His pulse throbbed in his temples at having to sit on the sidelines and watch , when he could have participated in his first bust .
tr	2	I leaned my head against his shoulder , refusing to give in to tears .
tr	0	It was not a friendly stare .
tr	1	A drawing room occupied half the width of the apartment .
tr	1	' And a new set of wheels . '
tr	0	"Not at all . """
tr	5	A second before we reached the security door , it slammed open and a dozen officers in combat gear spilled out from the passage beyond .
tr	2	A few curious faces appeared in an open doorway to the left .
tr	2	I rolled over carefully , disturbing my earthly blanket , and crawled to my knees .
tr	5	He smoothed the hair away from her lifeless eyes and looked fondly at what he still thought was the most beautiful woman in the world .
tr	0	""" Really , I mean it . """
tr	3	""" Weird dream last night , "" Gabe says between bites as we lounge on our separate beds ."
tr	5	A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling instead of a ceiling fan , and instead of his desk there was a huge dark brown oak wardrobe .
tr	5	She stared at his outstretched hand as if it were a poisonous millipede and he staggered back , nearly tripping on the cart 's metal wheel .
tr	4	"I 'm like the girl - steel 's always been good enough for me , and I suspect it always will be . """
tr	2	They stood in a perfect line , not saying a word , their faces unreadable .
tr	0	Shivers racked my body .
tr	2	""" Haven 't heard a squeak out of the girl today , "" George said ."
tr	0	Her eyes started to form tears .
tr	3	They held their breath in vain : the monitor continued to report a single monotone sound of flat line .
tr	4	His falling momentum causes the vine to swing all the way to the wall of stems and roots overlooking the gorge .
tr	5	""" General Anderson , "" began Sampson , "" I believe you are a smart , dedicated man trying to do what is right for your people ."
tr	1	""" No one can actually be that naïve . """
tr	2	Allan had a car standing by and was waiting to meet us at the Pisces .
tr	5	An older couple came in , the woman in tears , and they both stared at Avril and me as if we were the enemy .
tr	3	When he looked down at the wreck and saw nobody there , he felt a swirl of conflicting emotions .
tr	4	During my earlier experience , the failure had been isolated to a small field ; I could still see light from the surrounding areas .
tr	0	A figure brushes my shoulder .
tr	4	She loved animals and for long periods of her life she chose her place of residence next to the zoo .
tr	1	"The one in the barn on the stalls ? """
tr	4	When he reached the other railing , he heard a squeal as the motors of the approaching boat shifted into reverse , slowing it .
tr	0	The light around him swells .
tr	2	As we slowly entered the throng it became obvious that it was a friendly demonstration .
tr	5	Images of Sunday morning brunches with Michael , and walking in the park to let the wind blow away their hangovers , besieged her brain .
tr	3	The blacksmith offered him a leather jerkin with the symbol of White Wolf Keep stitched onto it .
tr	1	It was a short climb to the roof .
tr	2	Eda remembered a conversation in which she and Adele had fallen out badly .
tr	0	""" Hey , Savvy . """
tr	3	Yet again Sally did her screaming bit , and then told Natasha to look in her rear view mirror .
tr	1	""" Here , here , "" David said , drinking ."
tr	4	He led me down narrow paths overhung with tree branches and ferns , and with no one around , we jogged .
tr	5	Behind the cellar door , Duke watched the man pull a gun from his pocket and scale the staircase two or three treads at a time .
tr	2	' It would be an insult if you did , ' Roman retorted mildly .
tr	1	She had never felt that sense of belonging .
tr	4	Funny thing though , now that it was on the water , to see such a ship without a mast .
tr	2	I have brought myself peace concerning the other people in the photographs .
tr	5	For over a decade he has let his resentment fester , conjuring plots , until finally the spark came for him to act on it .
tr	3	The lights danced and reflected off the water with an impressive glow that entranced the entire party .
tr	4	He couldn 't hold back his excitement and burst through the door barreling down the wet , muddy fields toward his old friend .
tr	5	A bit later he looked in all directions and even scented the air before speaking , even though they were alone in the featureless meadow .
tr	3	I will find the best torturers in the country and I will give you a slow , slow death .
tr	2	A human and an HS were learning from and adapting to one another .
tr	2	They were sited in such a way that progress could be recorded .
tr	1	"Let 's have a look through that door over there . """
tr	1	"I parked it under a stone out there . """
tr	5	Moving on his hands and knees , he crawled through his room , all the while hearing the crashing and rending noises from the living room .
tr	1	""" Grand didn 't know , "" my voice cracks ."
tr	1	""" I told Seamus something awful bad must 've happened . """
tr	4	They had saved his life , even if it had been for their own gain in bringing him back to their people .
tr	0	""" That wasn 't natural ."
tr	5	Next week he was starting at a new school with no friends and for the first time , no big brother to look out for him .
tr	0	The song is growing louder .
tr	5	"Contrary to all the other religions this is the unique concept in Buddhist teachings , "" Dan paused as he saw Chris wanting to say something ."
tr	5	He also dabbled in low-level terrorism for hire , contracting his seasoned fighters to assist in the fight against the Americans in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .
tr	5	"I 'll just follow him from a distance "" replied Steve , although had no intention of doing so - it was a matter of pride ."
tr	0	""" Not yet . """
tr	4	Stepping out of the forest onto the open park landscape they immediately were engulfed by the lively afternoon activities on the lawns and flowerbeds .
tr	1	I don 't care what happens after that .
tr	0	""" That is what troubles me . """
tr	1	The tears are still building up behind my eyes .
tr	2	They taste like rust , but I feel a little more human for doing it .
tr	2	I glanced at the red halo surrounding the needle mark at my left elbow .
tr	1	""" She said that it would always be useful . """
tr	3	His head tilted to the side and it was like every fiber of his being was focused on me .
tr	5	They watched the men very carefully as they descended the Jacob 's ladder , entered their long boat , and rowed back to their ship .
tr	0	""" At least from my perspective ."
tr	3	In this tranquility , she led me through the dipping branches until we came upon the well-known clearing .
tr	0	It was one thing to forgive him .
tr	0	""" OK , this is fun ."
tr	0	I tapped my head .
tr	1	Stunned , everyone swiveled their heads toward the wall at once .
tr	4	She turned and searched the street suddenly crowded with soldiers , all bristling with spears and swords , gleaming in their silver armor .
tr	3	If he can describe the sick woman , I may be able to make some guesses about her condition .
tr	3	Laying there wide awake I desperately needed to hold and feel her warmth in my arms .
tr	2	I caught the limp body and lowered it quietly to the ground .
tr	3	It 's the perfect time for such things , and you know how His Majesty gets .
tr	2	Neil spoke with enthusiasm , and Riki looked at him , astonished .
tr	1	""" We will take the longer route , Bron . """
tr	3	"That you liked him , that you thought him kind ; anything but that which you did say ! """
tr	1	Oh , I 'm not sure how you knew that .
tr	5	The blood was spewing forth , his feeble efforts was all it took to open the wound again , his cloak saturated with the thin liquid .
tr	1	"It 's kind of a rule for any closed doors . """
tr	3	""" And go to the towns that have food and work and laws still working . """
tr	5	It was only later that she began to wonder , whether it had been an Angel sent from heaven that had left these rings in her pocket .
tr	3	"I need to get to the capital today by train , and the government can 't accept this . """
tr	3	The light outside was fading when I finally made my way to the head of a grand staircase .
tr	4	A few lewd comments rumbled from around the circle of men , and the American girl looked up sharply , terrified .
tr	1	""" Keep it down , "" Gabe says ."
tr	3	The bleeding had stopped but the loss of blood had been almost more than he could bear .
tr	4	""" He 's barely old enough to shave every day , "" he replied , voice calm , measured and quiet ."
tr	0	he asked the giant .
tr	5	The Council removes anyone who dares to stand in the way of their reforms , and Ben uncovers a secret that puts his life in danger .
tr	1	I feel his energy flare before he corrals it down .
tr	0	Reid took a step forward .
tr	3	Nathan wanted to say something to comfort his son , but didn 't have the words .
tr	2	""" Goodbye , Mr. Johnson , thanks again for your time ! """
tr	1	""" What do you want to play , dear ? """
tr	0	""" It 's community theater , right ?"
tr	1	"I thought you said your name was Mark ? """
tr	3	""" Please hold for Mr. Pickett , "" said an efficient female voice on the other end ."
tr	1	"You have one last choice to make , Alfred . """
tr	2	""" Thanks , "" Simon said , looking up at her in surprise ."
tr	0	""" You know my rules . """
tr	4	His gaze was focused on the road ahead , as it always was when they traveled the passages that wove through the dense forest .
tr	0	Jimmy and Josie looked inside the box .
tr	2	Dripping wet , she grabbed a towel on her way out the door .
tr	0	""" Google Ads baby ."
tr	2	I stared at the wall , a smile tugging at the corners of my mouth .
tr	0	""" That 's correct ."
tr	3	William feeling his blood pressure rising caught and stopped himself from nervously tapping his foot on the rug .
tr	3	Bruno unearthed a dusty bottle of whisky from a hidden stock I had overlooked and passed it around .
tr	2	He looked around the study and pushed it under the corner of the blotter .
tr	4	Last spring 's planting had been haphazard , and those who managed to plant found no fuel available to harvest .
tr	5	If you are riddled with depression or fear , you might want to get angry at someone or something or wish revenge on someone else .
tr	0	""" But I can 't ? """
tr	4	Inadvertently dropping his swords , Garo is pulled into the air by the crushing handcuffs , quickly thrashing himself free from their confines .
tr	2	These thoughts must have weighed on Logan 's mind too , despite the drink .
tr	2	"If everyone puts out enough effort , we 'll quit then . """
tr	0	His hands were tied behind his back .
tr	5	So when a part of her past turned up in her present , her light , her kindness , started to lose some of its luster .
tr	2	""" Alrighty , "" I say stupidly as I stand up from my bed ."
tr	1	The smell of bat excrement made me feel positively sick .
tr	0	"You 're dreaming . """
tr	4	She could then have slept in one of the cabins in the castle , not here trying to hide away .
tr	3	""" All the computers so far were on and none of them were rigged to destroy any data ."
tr	3	Even Manuel said he would go , but his father just looked at him with a glare and refused .
tr	3	"The other ship was captured , we must help them ... "" Her voice broke in fear ."
tr	4	In the end , we secured the injured men to our harnesses and pulled them slowly up the ladder behind us .
tr	2	Against his better judgment he felt a good deal of his temper flee .
tr	2	Eda glanced nervously from one to the other and then across at Adele .
tr	2	"that 's if you want to bring me , "" she said quietly ."
tr	0	Lilly Ann was curious .
tr	3	"Once the Highlanders have control of it , the two of you will oversee Intelligence gathering . """
tr	0	His face grew serious .
tr	5	The thieves had arrived in a horde , swooping down on the place after the security guard unwittingly opened the door to have a cigarette .
tr	2	It would have to be a quick sortie , in and out .
tr	2	' Yes , ' Tomas Godard replied with more than a trace of satisfaction .
tr	0	Then the interview started to go downhill .
tr	3	' On the other hand , I wouldn 't mind getting my fingers on that little beauty . '
tr	1	""" Then why was he dealing with them ? """
tr	0	He was trembling in every limb .
tr	1	""" We want to see what makes him tick . """
tr	5	Alarmed to find she would be hard pressed to meet domestic demands , the US quickly moved to cut off all exports , even for humanitarian purposes .
tr	0	We walked up and shook hands .
tr	2	"I retorted , "" Hell I 'm already an old salt . """
tr	5	Some of his colleagues have speculated many of the younger generations of humans have fallen in battle , but Doctor Hartman believes humanity may have become sterile .
tr	4	Adele , having completed the complicated task of dressing hurriedly , turned to her friend and began to comb her hair .
tr	4	Standing in a stunned stupor from the torrent of information , Link fails to hear the voices calling his name .
tr	5	""" Show me a man who has actually grown up and I 'll show you a boring bastard who takes life far too seriously . """
tr	4	""" If I had thought that you would be so enthusiastic , nothing could have made me wait this long . """
tr	3	Truth , someone must have been teaching them since birth if they already have that kind of skill !
tr	1	""" Is he off on this wild chase as well ? """
tr	2	""" Uh , maybe you 'd better leave that rifle in the truck . """
tr	1	Taylor ran his fingers over the highly polished wood surface .
tr	5	In a desperate attempt to stay calm , Duke held his head in both hands , as if stilling it might calm his thumping heart .
tr	3	At the bottom David asked Nathan if he wanted to finish them off with the shotgun .
tr	4	"If we are high in the mountains we could help search if we are told what to look for . """
tr	5	her voice failing to cover the excited tones that lurked under her minty breath like lava beneath a dormant volcano -- a heartbeat away from awakening .
tr	0	Aimee shook her head sadly .
tr	0	The older woman seemed tired to Sarah .
tr	2	You can spy on people , listen to them , see what they 're reading .
tr	0	Donovan addressed the man who spoke .
tr	3	Riki protested out of habit and quickly stopped , perhaps remembering her promise to be good .
tr	3	"I don 't really want to know , but in a small voice I ask , "" What happened ?"
tr	1	She had always been afraid of big horses .
tr	3	Even way the hell out here , there 's a lot of lives to go around .
tr	5	""" Cat might know more than you think , "" said the Pastor , staring at the animal and leaning down to stroke its light orange fur ."
tr	2	' Guess work ' she said , ' but based on sound logic .
tr	2	I pulled on the axe handle and moved higher as Isaac paid out the rope .
tr	0	For the love of a sailor .
tr	3	I remembered a day , the most memorable of all my days throughout my solitary experience .
tr	5	When united with the other fragment it becomes a key to The Temple of Damiano , a structure containing a source of raw , limitless power .
tr	5	The husks of muscle take notice of the visitor , attempting to converge on one side of the room , but ultimately moving very little .
tr	1	She chattered nonstop , even if it was her first visit .
tr	0	"Good luck , Peter . """
tr	0	No , you go on .
tr	3	""" Robbie , I know I mentioned this before , but now I want to stress ."
tr	1	""" No , no , nothing like that ."
tr	3	They protected the citizens under their care while gathering food , water , and needed medical care .
tr	2	He left her at the door and drove back to his billet .
tr	0	Let 's say 150 - 180 pounds .
tr	2	' Yes , I think you can , actually , ' he said thoughtfully .
tr	0	' You ready ? '
tr	3	Her sleepy voice was pleasantly husky , and her eye lashes fluttered sleepily over large eyes .
tr	4	I glanced over my shoulder in time to see another grenade leave the rocket launcher in the second Bell helicopter .
tr	3	Beneath the ashes and debris from the harness he had clearly once worn , Mark found other items .
tr	5	Starting at the top surface of the leg , Dr. Morgan began the amputation as he explained the procedure to Asst. Fowler while he operated .
tr	3	""" I know about this video from my brother who works at the American embassy , Robert ."
tr	2	"She spoiled the effect by pleading , "" Can I keep him ? """
tr	1	His burns from the asphalt debris were now gone as well .
tr	0	""" Tried to tell me what ? """
tr	4	""" If you said New York City , "" the display instantly changed , "" you would get this view ."
tr	5	We need to lay low , because we have very few weapons at our disposal , and we must therefore pick exactly the right time and place .
tr	4	Chapter 10 -- Decisions Harold Buchanan rubbed his head and looked down again at the sheet of figures on his desk .
tr	4	Many a tear had been shed in dire desperation and many laughs had been celebrated with good friends and sworn enemies .
tr	1	""" What we just went through is a human bubble ."
tr	2	""" Not bad , "" Mana said , biting off a thread ."
tr	5	It was only three days since the attack , so the healers in the kingdom were approaching miracle workers considering the injuries that she had sustained .
tr	5	After reciting the prayer for reconciliation , with its obligatory three pauses so the antagonists could speak to each other if they wished , he opened it .
tr	2	They moved on to the body at the foot of the steps .
tr	2	"I -- "" He burst into laughter , "" I 'm joking honey !"
tr	1	Still , it seemed to hit a nerve .
tr	1	NET has many sensors and databases , all on their network .
tr	4	The lumps were concrete containers that appeared to be made in two halves and then strapped together around each column .
tr	1	Taylor got up from his chair and raised his glass .
tr	5	He saw nothing other than a shed that was larger than it looked from the outside , its contents as well broken and strewn about .
tr	2	He closed his eyes and relaxed under her stare , allowing her to study him .
tr	3	""" John , listen to me , "" she said emphatically , "" focus on my hands ."
tr	4	""" Which you would not have needed if I had not put it on you in the first place . """
tr	1	David would keep the gun with him while he worked .
tr	5	Inlaid on the top of the stone was a gold snake in the shape of an S. Andy felt sick looking at the bloodied ring .
tr	3	"I was clipped thirty years ago , but I guess there 's no harm in us pretending . """
tr	0	Rupert 's cool blue eyes flashed .
tr	4	The whole bloody experience was almost too graphic for him as he tried to process the procedure in his mind .
tr	4	The man stepped to the right and kicked the second alien in the chest , knocking him to the ground .
tr	1	But of course everyone realized that he already had .
tr	1	""" But you were wise to run away ."
tr	2	But he wasn 't hers to care for , not by a long shot .
tr	1	""" They must stop and have some respite too , Adele ."
tr	4	Unable to focus on her pretty face , Rift 's thoughts betray him , constantly reminding he is about to be cleaved in two .
tr	5	No doubt the fools were simply late - he had left his quarters rather abruptly -- he must have beaten the notice of his arrival .
tr	1	""" Do you want to file a complaint ? """
tr	4	The old , circular slabs of stone lie piled into a wall with a plethora of plants and trees making the obstruction impassable .
tr	0	""" Why should anything be amiss ? """
tr	1	Ten days later , David still hadn 't come back .
tr	0	You stink higher than a skunk ! '
tr	2	Logan glanced behind him and redoubled his pace , outrunning me towards our escape .
tr	0	She did not want to be found .
tr	3	Drivers immediately started their engines , as their vehicle commanders made their way toward Flaherty 's command DEMON .
tr	5	""" Lilly , "" she tugged on Taylor 's arm , "" You are right , our Lilly , she knows , she knows everything . """
tr	4	""" Well don 't get used to the idea , "" said David , "" it won 't last too long ."
tr	4	""" I don 't like it , I can tell you that , "" he again seemed to be troubled ."
tr	5	I would like to begin those meetings by telling them what we 're doing and propose recommendations to give them the framework we talked about earlier .
tr	4	But it 's not like it was murder ; the fight was fair , and it was at his behest .
tr	2	He chalked it up to an unfamiliar firework going off , or maybe a dud .
tr	3	"Most people are putting up a front of how they 'd like people to view them . """
tr	2	""" I find that maxim has always kept me from disappointment . """
tr	4	""" Alejo , it 's ok , "" she said , then slid down to the warm wood floor in front of him ."
tr	4	Again , the strange relic was the center of attention , each trying to magically awaken the secret power they knew it possessed .
tr	4	Her hair , what there was of it , was scraped back from a face so bony as to appear skinless and bloodless .
tr	2	I yelled and ran from my room outside , smashing the door on my way .
tr	2	Sarah sat on the bed , her knees no longer able to support her .
tr	1	Anyway , I , uh , I got you a shirt .
tr	3	He knew the questions would keep coming and that he needed to find a better reason for his presence .
tr	5	Wolf Eyes had a good start on them , and dark was coming , as the sun set behind the mountain , in the west .
tr	4	"You can learn a poem by heart when we come back , and that should do it for today . """
tr	4	Finally , with the last vestiges of day a memory they scrambled high atop a narrow ledge just a few yards across .
tr	4	Trapped in midair , the boy crosses his arms , but the approaching strike will certainly end his life regardless .
tr	5	Women were a maze in the dark in the best of times , he knew , and he hardly had the experience to manage this one .
tr	1	Sweat formed on the boy 's forehead and upper lip .
tr	4	She opened her book to the place where she had stopped reading , but she had lost interest in flying horses and Arabic princesses .
tr	0	""" That is classified . """
tr	0	' It 's Felix Thorne . '
tr	0	She smelled him as he walked past .
tr	5	Even now , as she drew breath to brave the Iron Boar , a young lad tripped over a dog as he walked by staring at her .
tr	2	""" We 've got salt and water and bags of flour in the cellar ."
tr	3	Now though , as I peered through the glass into the dawn , the landscape had changed .
tr	5	A late model yellow Crown Vic pulled up , and a slender Ethiopian man jumped from the driver 's seat to help him load his gear .
tr	1	The woman 's face had filled with doubt at his words .
tr	0	Victims are ice cold .
tr	1	"Connie said , "" Be nice she saved my life . """
tr	1	But I couldn 't ask him to repeat it .
tr	3	""" Yes , it ... it is pretty good , "" she replied , some of her exuberance disappearing ."
tr	3	We waited another hour until darkness fell , before leaving the Cruiser and approaching the house .
tr	1	The man 's ample face instantly spread into a grin .
tr	0	""" Gabe , stop . """
tr	2	They followed the path down to where it emerged from the woods .
tr	0	That had to wait .
tr	3	The house responded with silence , that sort of hollow sound that tells you nobody 's in .
tr	5	She nodded then turned and , with the animals behind them , they went along the hillside for almost a quarter of a mile before she stopped .
tr	3	Hoping to take her mind off her pain , he searched for anything to distract her .
tr	0	They were all innocent mistakes .
tr	1	Can I store this somewhere around here until we get back ?
tr	0	""" OK sir ... . ."
tr	0	"Is it far from here ? """
tr	0	He grinned mischievously at her .
tr	3	""" Riki , "" he said , "" I will tell you when I 'm ready ."
tr	0	Don 't slow down .
tr	4	Chris knew the boathouse was also home to a variety of craft shops , woodworking and metalworking and the like .
tr	4	He was leaning back against an armchair , the bulky bandage across his chest making him look portly and uncomfortable .
tr	3	"If this is something we may accomplish with the least amount of danger , so much the better . """
tr	5	The speed of the propeller climbed with the angry growl of the motor , the plane straining against the shackles that locked it to the ground .
tr	1	He looked pale but otherwise seemed to be his normal self .
tr	3	Source is not concerned about any of us messing up her perfect song with our imperfect vibration .
tr	0	I didn 't shoot it .
tr	1	We emptied the Audi and climbed inside the minivan .
tr	5	"At the spring she met a young woman with a jug : "" Help yourself to this water and be sure to have some yourself ."
tr	1	""" There , "" she said and pointed toward the north ."
tr	2	"Or , "" I tied him up but I didn 't shoot him ! """
tr	0	""" Hey , good morning ! """
tr	1	She may feed on humans one day , maybe not .
tr	0	' You suspected the Hunters ? '
tr	5	He listened to the sounds of summer : birds , traffic , a plane up above , and , somewhere , the sound of kids laughing .
tr	4	The woman in black dropped her steel cable and pulled a short , polished , ebony cane from her jacket .
tr	0	That was a high gas bill .
tr	2	Reid looked down at her without a trace of remorse on his face .
tr	0	Rafe shook his head uncertainly .
tr	0	That ought to stop the boys .
tr	3	He heard and saw certain lines from his life played over and over again in his skull .
tr	3	Pretty soon , a dirty grey shell would start growing over my back and antennae would sprout .
tr	1	The metallic chunk was invisible in the darkness .
tr	5	Then a buzzer sounded ; VIN had to wait through lunch before getting to Hangar Five , where he would find out his real function .
tr	1	Rough hands gripped my arm and whipped me around .
tr	5	At the very edge of the forest , she saw a large animal lope out into the clearing on long , gangly legs and stop .
tr	4	The onslaught of snap decisions has his adrenaline pumping , each choice seeming to cause him an avalanche of new challenges .
tr	0	The dark comes quickly in the tropics .
tr	0	The man was made of stone .
tr	1	"You will sit at my table and that is final ! """
tr	2	She brought Abraham 's teachings to an entire different audience than the original texts .
tr	3	Clothing was stuck to the far inside wall of the machine and had to be peeled off like Velcro .
tr	0	But sleep wouldn 't come .
tr	0	""" The workout suit is an example ."
tr	1	The effort brought a moan of pain to his lips .
tr	3	Valerian hurried back down the corridor , not stopping to close the door that opened on the stair .
tr	3	The conflicting emotions whirled inside me , pulling me one way and then another every few seconds .
tr	1	"We all thought we were dealing with the same man . """
tr	2	Two cops sat in the front , the mesh cage separating me from them .
tr	1	And she loved it would not change it for anything .
tr	3	No matter what he undertook she drove him on ... ... but he never wept for her .
tr	4	Unlike the castle , with multiple exits , the perimeter fence possessed only one exit large enough for a carriage .
tr	0	They 're pretty done for .
tr	1	She hid her pistol and knife in her trunk .
tr	0	Everyone talked about them .
tr	3	I spotted the Hunter on the other side of the hall , took aim and fired .
tr	5	Then he asked all the gods who 'd listen if they 'd save him , as he took off toward the gate at a dead sprint .
tr	3	The group shared war stories while they drank ; except for Goggles , who typically didn 't drink .
tr	5	We decided to skip the new place and head for the boxing gym on SR 220 , thinking that it might be our best shot .
tr	4	I 'll cut through the bone as close to the cloth as I can without cutting through it -- the cloth , that is .
tr	2	""" I guess sometimes meditation alone is not enough , right ? """
tr	1	That was definitely something to be scared of .
tr	4	This transition , as it takes place , may well be responsible for the turmoil we find ourselves experiencing today .
tr	2	Too soon the Healey turned up the laneway to the old manor .
tr	1	I made him as comfortable as I could .
tr	5	""" So , for anyone interested , we 'll be saying farewell to Lieutenant Head this evening at the pub in town , "" Flaherty said ."
tr	1	""" We have to go back and help her ! """
tr	3	He was much paler than he had been , and beads of perspiration stood out on his brow .
tr	5	What he never could have expected was the interest of all four of his children as they eagerly awaited each new ' episode ' every night .
tr	2	I like him but then again we have a lot in common .
tr	0	""" He 's in the basement ! """
tr	3	He sat at a corner table away from the crowd where he could see the front door .
tr	3	He knew he was in a chair and he felt his ankles and wrists were bound by metal shackles .
tr	4	He lay on his bed grasping this little ray of hope , when , suddenly his father burst into the room .
tr	1	' You know you 're going to die , half-breed ! '
tr	0	""" Can I call you Finn ?"
tr	2	She could do nothing but wait once again for a moment to slip away .
tr	4	The presence of Park Ranger Quinn , who Chris remembered had been on the beach that morning so long ago , made sense .
tr	0	""" The grid 's back on ? """
tr	2	There were all shades of green , but none of the usual sunset colors .
tr	2	Roberto asked stoically , eyebrows raised , his hands on his hips .
tr	1	Its army green color made it look like a small tank .
tr	2	""" Not in her cabin , Captain , "" Enrico replied cautiously ."
tr	3	They looked quite comfortable , with thick soles that seemed to have a spring to them .
tr	0	Malcolm interjected , speaking clearly .
tr	0	""" You will be fine Roberto ."
tr	4	"He said , "" I don 't know if Sam has any training , but he seems game enough . """
tr	2	They were taken down below , where they would be tried and immediately hung .
tr	3	"Hunt jumps out of the plane and everyone starts hugging and kissing him like the long lost son . """
tr	5	""" Pardon my criticism sir , "" the man in the red cloak said , "" but are you sure it was wise to kill our prisoner ?"
tr	5	""" There 's no possibility of surprise in that , but if we overwhelm the guards , we might get to the king before they surround him ."
tr	4	"He 's got it all bottled up inside of him , he might think he has little to lose . """
tr	2	In any case the fact remained that Finn had saved her and Eda 's lives .
tr	2	Dave walked over to the window and looked down at the beach .
tr	2	""" Never seen anything like it , "" he concluded at last ."
tr	2	Rather than drive home to Eaton Bishop George had stayed over at Jennie 's .
tr	1	I just wanted to stop swinging like a monkey .
tr	3	He saw worry and apprehension , but could still only surmise at what these were directed .
tr	5	"If you need any further explanations press the red button and don 't be afraid of anything , "" said the Wise Old Man encouragingly ."
tr	0	"I think you should stay here . """
tr	4	""" I don 't know what 's going on , but I know I 've made a horrible mistake . """
tr	5	"It 's got just the right amount of incredulity to make it believable and they can 't ask you to reveal yourself without making a scene . """
tr	1	For a moment they stared at one another in silence .
tr	0	""" Lena , get inside ."
tr	5	Among the boxwood were a variety of disorganized perennials and wildflowers blooming in a few clear spots where the sun could get through to them .
tr	5	The woman , having completed her song , stood motionless for a few seconds more , and then she silently stepped from the cliff into thin air .
tr	0	I 'll just use the one .
tr	3	""" Well the story isn 't done yet , I completed my training and returned to civilisation ."
tr	1	Never had anyone turn down a billion dollars before .
tr	0	The skies became angry and violent .
tr	1	She understood it and she could not really fault the decision .
tr	1	"It 's a pleasure to finally meet you . """
tr	1	She rose from her chair and showed the picture to Tomas .
tr	0	""" Portable Two to base . """
tr	5	"Just as the Communist Chinese abrogated the debt of the Nationalist Chinese when they came to power , so the world works , "" Ed offered ."
tr	5	Immediately he pushed aside all questions that tried to form in his mind save one and directed the dedicated dragon to head for his sister .
tr	1	Thank God he said he 'll let her go .
tr	0	He looked at Tony .
tr	5	Northern California , always at odds with the powerful legislature in Sacramento , followed the local Oregon counties lead and worked to improve their power grid .
tr	1	The front page was filled with depressing news .
tr	1	They didn 't ask so they could not see .
tr	1	He may be our best chance for success on this project .
tr	0	"Where 's Valerian ? """
tr	3	""" You will be punished for whatever revenge you take upon me , "" returned Rafe shortly ."
tr	4	For a time there was silence as Lord Brogan studied her face , and then he sat back in his chair .
tr	2	When Dan reared , Sarah didn 't have time to lean forward .
tr	3	Gabe looks at me , tugs his shirt back down and smiles in this awkward , sheepish way .
tr	0	Tony nodded his head .
tr	4	There was not a peep to be heard and only two or three of her students looked up when she opened the door .
tr	1	His truck couldn 't navigate as well as his motorcycle had .
tr	0	Seth 's knees buckled .
tr	5	He began writing as a child when he would build homemade paperback novels and fill them with exciting stories about hiking , bears or space adventures .
tr	2	Not wanting to wake up a snoozing pastry chef , I crept through the downstairs .
tr	3	His pace was quick as he bounded over the edge of the mound where they were seated .
tr	3	At first , he had to remove many tangles but eventually her hair was straight and shining .
tr	2	""" I do not mind you calling me ' Finn ' sometimes , Adele ."
tr	4	He stepped forward abruptly with a smile that seemed to mock both the Prince and himself , and offered his hand .
tr	4	""" Two pots of boiling water , distilled or grain alcohol , soap , and clean dressings , "" David replied ."
tr	2	There was no horizon to follow yet they knew they were moving toward something .
tr	3	A mixture of pitch and animal hair was slathered in between layers to keep worms from infesting the hull .
tr	0	Godard looked away from my gaze .
tr	1	He smiled and accepted a mug of tea .
tr	5	Simon managed to keep his bike moving forward at high speeds , whilst utilising the lack of traction to assist in drifting the Vespa around corners .
tr	1	I was ready to spy -- I mean train a spy .
tr	5	Toby watched the other two and considered whether it was better to remain ignorant , or indifferent to , the emotions of others most of the time .
tr	3	He didn 't have the energy left to completely restore this , his favorite stolen form .
tr	0	Talk about good timing .
tr	5	"If the troops round up everyone who broke the law over the last year , there would be no one left , "" Kevin said ."
tr	3	Feeding her was a trial -- they trying to sustain her , she trying to choke or starve herself .
tr	4	""" I can 't believe I 'm doing this , "" he muttered , then whirled the gun 's chamber shut ."
tr	5	Once inside , he found himself in the living room , and here were the signs of struggle that were missing from the dressing room .
tr	1	The sharp ends of the swords followed him down .
tr	2	Well , nothing wrong with listening in to a lesson or two , is there ?
tr	0	They always did things so differently .
tr	1	Alejo looked away at the wooden truck slats .
tr	1	The leader of the Bastian Hunters nodded slightly .
tr	1	See those strands that look like tiny pieces of twine ?
tr	4	My mother and father took great care in helping me forget , but I have learnt to take it day by day .
tr	0	""" I do not understand . """
tr	4	"You don 't pull a sleigh around the world in one night and not kill a reindeer now and then . """
tr	3	The WTR army had left a strong guard force , definitely wanting to secure their way home .
tr	3	Homeless people scoured the alleys behind shops and stores , some pushing their worldly belongings in shopping carts .
tr	2	""" We need to get into town and see if anybody knows anything there . """
tr	1	He swayed on his feet , his eyes bloodshot .
tr	0	"have you shot trap before ? """
tr	1	Day after that , they have a concert in the park .
tr	4	At once , the adults all began talking over each other , gesturing furiously with knives , spoons , and rolls of bread .
tr	2	The wind picked up , causing ripples to course across the grass .
tr	0	He wiped his eyes .
tr	1	selling houses for an Estate Agent in Hereford .
tr	2	Tommy had fallen on his butt as soon as his feet hit the ground .
tr	0	"It 's still alive . """
tr	1	There had to be a reason for this .
tr	4	He noticed her colour rise and connected it , not with his reaction to her confidence , but to the name she had mentioned .
tr	2	Instantly , the members of the family all began to speak at once .
tr	0	Something she couldn 't place .
tr	2	I stormed through his bedroom , closets , and kitchen looking for something , anything .
tr	4	They all laughed and joked about him , and like the man I know he is , he took it silently .
tr	5	An hour later , with a black scarf wrapped around my neck and wearing dark , inconspicuous clothing , I studied Peyton 's apartment building .
tr	0	""" How could I forget ? """
tr	4	""" I am programmed to anticipate your needs , Rick , but I wouldn 't classify that as a poem ."
tr	4	""" I 've tried to tell you to stay away from the Counsel , you seldom agree with them . """
tr	4	""" There is no one here to protect the WTR 's eastern flank , our forces could push it back like a pillow . """
tr	0	Alejo turned towards her sharply .
tr	0	""" Me too , "" Jimmy said ."
tr	5	""" This is no time to be coy , "" he grumbles , freeing his arm from her grasp and marching back into the room ."
tr	3	Moments later , a dull thud drew my gaze to the other side of the room .
tr	2	Anna took the diary from my hands and leafed through the last few pages .
tr	3	Amen 2 January 2 , 1624 We spent our first Christmas and New Year together as a family .
tr	0	I wished it were that simple .
tr	3	She drew back and frowned at the small note , then raised dark eyes to the camera .
tr	2	Enrico came into sight and offered her some water , helping her sip it .
tr	3	The Louvre , Notre Dame , the king 's new Versailles ... On and on I could list these .
tr	1	"Then , I 'm going to mail a package . """
tr	5	Still , I liked the idea of being upstairs and away from the communal rooms below , and the room was decent and sufficient for my needs .
tr	0	He made a face .
tr	4	She jerked her head up to see where John might be and discovered that Donovan had quietly sat down next to her .
tr	2	Around her the trees had thinned and they had entered a clearer , flatter terrain .
tr	1	""" Any idea what happened to those two ? """
tr	2	This book is available in paperback and online in digital e-book format .
tr	1	They had not met under the best of circumstances .
tr	2	""" I don 't know why you didn 't just stay in bed ."
tr	4	As the crowds began to sit down in groups on blankets and lawn chairs , Reggie saw Brazen standing there smiling at him .
tr	1	Lucas wrote down the name and closed his notebook .
tr	0	""" Maybe it came from Uranus ! """
tr	5	Taking the key , Matthew glanced once more toward the rough looking characters still lingering just inside the doors before he hurried up the stairs .
tr	2	""" I am so sorry , my good captain , my manners are unforgivable ."
tr	2	She was scared , hanging between the men like a rag doll .
tr	5	""" At least it 's not that far , "" said Robbie hanging on for dear life , "" it 's less than five hundred miles . """
tr	3	""" We can hold here , but we 're not going to be advancing much without some help . """
tr	5	We 'd better get a move on , we want to get there and back before that lot comes down so it hides our tracks .
tr	3	She didn 't remember Watchers ever sounding like that , but she didn 't remember too much .
tr	5	""" I tell you that Miriam is being held prisoner in that terrible place , that factory , and heaven knows where Neil is . """
tr	1	To a man , they all seemed to want that .
tr	3	""" I cannot imagine , "" said William , "" what life must have been like for him . """
tr	2	Rand looked down and saw the reason for the boy 's revulsion .
tr	0	""" Where have you two been ? """
tr	2	Determined to forever keep this moment in his memory he took a deep breath .
tr	4	And he carried a small tool chest in his other hand , probably filled with corkscrews , pliers , and nail files .
tr	2	Then the road to contentment or even hopefulness isn 't very far .
tr	0	"Just give me a chance . """
tr	1	""" It 's gon na get worse , "" Haskins shouted ."
tr	5	""" I was hoping we would make the papers , "" Taylor joked , "" but this is not exactly what I had in mind ."
tr	1	Gabriel flashed merry eyes at them and winked .
tr	1	Something far more staggering than a cure for cancer . '
tr	3	Alfred shuffled out the door , thinking perhaps this was just a game of cat and mouse .
tr	0	Mark gave Jimmy a skeptical look .
tr	5	Our society is based on the principal of Capitalism and we hold up our free economy as a shining example for the world to follow .
tr	1	The suspension groaned as the vehicle bounced back onto the asphalt .
tr	4	""" I shall lean upon your chest and place my lips over yours , and slowly -- ah , slowly !"
tr	1	""" I have to agree with you there ."
tr	0	I tried to shake it off .
tr	1	""" Eda will be ... I should ... goodbye ! """
tr	4	To watch one of their own , cut down by his own pistol , with such relative ease ... it was shocking .
tr	0	Sidney shot a glance at her brother .
tr	0	All around them lay broken pitchers .
tr	4	I didn 't want to turn around to see who called me , continuing what I started , namely to get in my room .
tr	4	They looked around the dais and the ballroom , but in the disturbance , the former king had somehow disappeared .
tr	3	Over his shoulder through the plastic of the barn window , she watched the snow fall .
tr	1	I held my breath , waiting for her to turn .
tr	3	"We will present this at the next council meeting and ... "" "" No , "" said Brazen ."
tr	5	Michael and Ben had no idea what advice to ask from ' dad ' , because they had never been in this sort of predicament before .
tr	4	"We 're just hungry and -- "" "" You can 't let ' em go , Mom , "" John said ."
tr	1	Trae knew his sister was hurting from her father 's rejection .
tr	5	The Prince felt chills go up and down his back , and also the heat of embarrassment and shame , knowing that she had guessed his thoughts .
tr	0	Footsteps sounded outside the room .
tr	1	The sun was up and made mesmerizing sparkles on the snow .
tr	5	Some were seriously concerned by the way the outdated law of death by firing squad was being used without the accused having a proper trial .
tr	0	I parried his blows unevenly .
tr	4	They were a community after all , and true communities helped their neighbors ... whether they wanted to or not .
tr	0	Then again , it hardly mattered .
tr	3	"There is no advantage or disadvantage to me killing you so don 't make me make the choice . """
tr	3	Loc aimed his high energy hand laser and counted down , waiting until he was within range .
tr	1	My body greedily soaks up the animal 's energy .
tr	0	Dennis quickly went to work .
tr	4	' We borrowed them from a local construction site , ' said Friedrich by way of explanation at our stares .
tr	5	It is our way of healing the wounds of the past to build a brand new future , and you are the vanguard of that future .
tr	1	This was just after Hubert made the major breakthrough .
tr	2	Looks like some major hemorrhaging where the bullet hit the spleen , pancreas and kidney .
tr	2	For eight days I was a captive in that dresser with no way of escape .
tr	0	""" Where are they taking him ? """
tr	4	Mason smiled , it was still hard for him to accept the total lack of customary military discipline with the troopers .
tr	5	You just have an assumption , which can lead you directly to your goal , or to the opposite , it can throw you off your course .
tr	2	"Eventually , he got funding from a very powerful man named Robert Thane . """
tr	1	""" I promise I 'll find him . """
tr	3	""" Been in prison for some years recently for robbing a dairy with a weapon , I heard ."
tr	0	Where had he come from ?
tr	1	Three years in a comfy cell with three meals a day ?
tr	4	Their power 's been reduced now , of course , but they still manage to offer the best of parties .
tr	5	Since he abhorred the thought of digging ditches , Francisco was suddenly very glad that he had spoken up , but his optimism was short lived .
tr	0	""" I 'm sure . """
tr	4	Our fears proved to be ungrounded when Rupert paraded into the common room early one afternoon , a huge smile splayed across his face .
tr	2	I called out to tourists and couples walking past , but they ignored me .
tr	2	There can be only one ; all the rest are these strange folk .
tr	4	Malcolm stiffened for just a second then leaned back into a casual pose , one leg crossed over the other .
tr	1	He saw Sarah on a blanket to his right .
tr	3	""" Well , girls , let 's go watch these movies , "" Rick suggested to the gathered crowd ."
tr	4	CHAPTER FOURTEEN Alfred Harland and Ben Pickerington were sitting on the sofa in Alfred 's office , sipping espresso from glass coffee cups .
tr	3	What was more disturbing was that Josie seemed to be going along with this crazy idea .
tr	2	The truth of your soul cast the shadows out of my life .
tr	0	""" Hello , Ben ! """
tr	4	My heart was exploding because of the emotions , but not in the good way of the word , I was skeptical .
tr	0	""" The finals are in two weeks ."
tr	1	""" Don 't ask me to do this . """
tr	0	Jimmy screamed at her .
tr	2	I pet him a little bit , while I was enjoying the coolness from inside .
tr	5	I 'll be sure to tell him that the man he trusted as a friend for so many years is not a criminal after all . '
tr	5	As Andre slightly paused to gain a firmer grip on his stick Connor struck his friend on his bad knee bringing him quickly to the ground .
tr	0	""" It 's seen me ."
tr	5	The rain made it necessary to peer close at the black letters , but when she read the words , Claire 's face lit in a smile .
tr	5	They had all agreed it was best for the company , and what 's more , they all voted to go ahead with the merger .
tr	5	""" Yes , but I got the audience and you 're the only one who got to see me knocked flat on my back -- twice . """
tr	5	After all , they had been fighting for over three years , and the Americans here in Africa had yet to fight a real battle .
tr	2	""" Unfortunately , son , that was no clown who wrote and posted this note ."
tr	1	And that 's about where Mark decided to clam up .
tr	1	Spying on someone was one thing , but killing a man ?
tr	3	As I sat quietly on the bench , my finger slowly traced the revolver resting in my waistcoat pocket .
tr	4	Sampson grabbed the man by the shirt as he passed and used the soldier 's forward momentum to fling him to the ground .
tr	2	Chris glanced at Cobb and saw his mouth was a stern line .
tr	1	""" It 's gotten worse , making him convulse ."
tr	4	"He stopped , swallowed , and said , "" Stop looking at me as if I were in the zoological gardens !"
tr	1	"Let 's go in and explore a bit . """
tr	5	"In the morning , during "" The Basic Four , "" Math , English , Science and History , her mom caught her daydreaming three times ."
tr	0	It 's what actually kills the person .
tr	0	The video finished loading and beeped .
tr	1	""" I knew that you know , "" Lilly Ann replied ."
tr	4	006 , wearing a black tuxedo , the mask and colored eye lenses from Mac , was Toby 's twin .
tr	0	""" There you are ."
tr	5	"Brazen was nodding his head , "" I know where you 're headed preacher , but it 's not going to work on me . """
tr	2	All through the afternoon she thought about Roberto and his feelings for her .
tr	0	""" I can do both . """
tr	5	At times it was all he could do to hang on , trusting to his companion to keep him safe as they maneuvered through the air .
tr	2	""" Your farm is waiting for you ; for you and your wife ."
tr	1	""" Do you know who I am ? """
tr	2	""" Do you really have to get married when you 're sixteen here ? """
tr	2	""" I would not have fallen but for F ... "" Rafe stopped abruptly ."
tr	4	""" They went after Congress first because that was the Republican majority , "" he explained to his friends who nodded sagely ."
tr	3	She closed the door noiselessly and made her way to the sanctity of her own chamber .
tr	5	But only the King himself held the authority to raise the ancient runes etched into the very foundations of the keep that warded it from outside forces .
tr	3	Missy jumped out of the car and ran up the four wide steps to the lodge 's porch .
tr	1	Over the past few days she and Roberto became good friends .
tr	5	"So we were having some pretty good success with the early creatures and decided to incorporate the first set of Superiors onto the planet . """
tr	5	The chill wind nipped his fingers and he sank his hands deeper into his pockets as he turned off past the church and up the road .
tr	0	The unharmed man snarled .
tr	2	They kept together as best they could , though it was difficult .
tr	1	A new day that feels no different from the last .
tr	4	Within a few minutes Lilly Ann 's breathing became deep and deliberate to help the baby on its first step into the light .
tr	4	I omitted the details of Fuchs ' impersonation for the moment ; we 'd come to that after Phillip 's explanation .
tr	2	He gently closed the rusting door with a slight clang behind him .
tr	0	""" Likely that would be the Kennedys ."
tr	2	""" Stop it , "" he growls and grips both hands on the wheel ."
tr	1	Down the center trail went a bunch of girls .
tr	4	He didn 't meet the man 's eye for fear of giving something away as he thanked him for his time .
tr	3	"If I do not return , you will have other , less humane , visitors . """
tr	1	""" Do you fear someone will hear you ?"
tr	4	I 'd just have to wait for Atticus who took his sweet ass time to come save the princess in distress .
tr	0	""" That 's right . """
tr	2	"Is one more , and has the same answer as the first one . """
tr	3	Room after glorious room , each more adorned than the last , filled the entire building .
tr	2	Josie rolled her eyes , then turned around to face the locals .
tr	1	"Gabe is standing below us screaming , "" Shit ! """
tr	1	""" Ouch , that bad was it ? """
tr	3	He 'd tried to convince them to stay and tough it out but they were doggedly insisting on leaving .
tr	2	After he finally put down his mug Hunt glanced around the table a bit embarrassed .
tr	1	Now , they 've got that presidents series .
tr	5	Midget man 's TNT was fake two by fours painted to look like the real thing -- as if I 'd ever blow up a midget .
tr	1	""" How did you reach that conclusion ? """
tr	2	""" Something comes , throw rocks at it or come get me . """
tr	4	Slowly , deliberately , he felt the band of air at his waist lower him until his boots scraped the wood floor .
tr	2	""" Alfred will be arriving here in 13 seconds , based on current pace . """
tr	1	""" Your mother must go and find your Da ."
tr	5	"It started playing the song "" After I died , and the makeup had dried , I ... ... , "" I turned it off immediately ."
tr	0	""" Mom loved you ."
tr	5	They ended up restoring the ship and putting her in a museum , where it was to this day the biggest tourist attraction in Sweden .
tr	3	He didn 't flinch but stood his ground , ready to accept the bitterness of her rage .
tr	1	"I 'm sure they need your help . """
tr	2	He nodded in agreement with himself and dove under the hood to install the part .
tr	5	""" John Henry was the first aviator to reach flag rank and now his descendant will command the first carrier task force in space . """
tr	1	Neither sex nor condition was considered by the maddened combatants .
tr	2	He lay down next to her , covering himself , nestling her closer to him .
tr	4	"Please don 't be disappointed and don 't think you failed this morning -- this breakfast is totally incredible ! """
tr	3	His pearly teeth shone against his tan as he grinned at them in the rearview mirror .
tr	1	Lacroix turned and studied him from head to toe .
tr	1	I try to stay as still as the twitching will allow .
tr	5	Neil felt that Poole , if that was the driver 's name , would take to an unseen occupant of his cart none too kindly .
tr	5	The Prince , even though his back was turned , allowed himself not even the hint of a smile as a thrill of triumph coursed through him .
tr	0	she guided him like mother duck .
tr	3	His ears hang down on each side of his face , giving him a sad countenance .
tr	0	After a moment , Lucas answered .
tr	4	Shells scored the surface of the river once more : by the look of things , Haus had loaded another magazine into the Beretta .
tr	5	"She had never heard anyone refer to someone who died as "" the missing "" before in Quechua , but maybe it was a regional idiom ."
tr	3	I raised my eyebrows , but left them down when I saw that he was laughing .
tr	0	"She relaxed and smiled , "" OK ."
tr	5	""" She 's ready to go , "" Lisa says moving behind the center workstation and placing her hands on the back of the operator 's chair ."
tr	4	Better to be safe than sorry was their motto even in a remote location like this , just an old habit .
tr	2	I needed to sweep the whole house and be smart about this .
tr	5	Once he 'd passed along this information , the boss had not only managed to squash the other gang , but also made them his patsy .
tr	1	What if they hadn 't made it to the border ?
tr	1	A single cold mug of black coffee stood by the sink .
tr	0	""" Forget it . """
tr	2	But there 's still three more , so that 's only a start .
tr	0	William shot his Scotch down .
tr	5	Just as he entered into range he activated a grappling tether and prepared to launch the magnetic locking tipped cable aimed at his foes feet .
tr	2	"so it can 't be anyone we 've had our eyes on . """
tr	1	""" Sammie , "" he decided then flipped the leaf over ."
tr	1	That was before our trip to Italy . '
tr	0	""" Sit still and calm down ."
tr	3	I grabbed the heavy revolver and shoved it down the back of my pants just in case .
tr	2	""" I don 't think this is going to work for Spy Games . """
tr	3	"Turning to Haskins , he said , "" Sounds to me like you have a court problem ."
tr	1	""" This is so stupid , "" he mutters ."
tr	2	""" Please , Roberto , I need to tell you something . """
tr	2	They were both dressed entirely in black their heads and faces covered in black balaclavas .
tr	1	""" Sarah , he doesn 't need me ."
tr	4	Alex took the new clothes behind the bush and handed them to Rick , and alerted him of their new friend .
tr	2	She looked around for Willie and nodded slightly when they made eye contact .
tr	1	Harry lived in Gloucester not too far away really ... . .
tr	3	""" I have learned your tongue and have strived for years to speak it without an accent ."
tr	4	""" It sure was awful watching your blood splatter everywhere , and I 'm sorry all your friends just sat by and watched ? """
tr	0	It 's the principle of the thing .
tr	3	For endless seconds he remained silent until he felt Adele 's soft hand cover his own .
tr	3	Prize money would be offered to the contestant who made it to the finals a month from now .
tr	5	Her beloved chosen was only intended to be a shell through which she could enact her own solution to the perpetual cycle of her sister 's creation .
tr	0	""" You remember the starting procedure ? """
tr	1	For once I didn 't have anything to say .
tr	4	""" I will , unless it 's like a message from outer space or secret alien weapon that blows up the entire solar system ."
tr	4	Every time we have more we see the world from a new place and then we decide what else we want more of .
tr	4	The police didn 't leave for another two hours as they looked for prints , DNA , and other forms of evidence .
tr	5	"Let me think about this after having a glass of wine to calm down , and I will get back to you , "" promised Tessie ."
tr	1	"We need to get away from that window . """
tr	0	Green eyes , pointed nose .
tr	0	""" Close enough . """
tr	3	""" I know about Harry 's involvement with the SAS , I 've seen his file ."
tr	5	But with one knee flexed for flight , she froze suddenly , became as immobile as an image , staring across the chamber with dilated eyes .
tr	3	With smooth application of backpressure to the elevator control and plane lifted effortlessly from the ground .
tr	0	Turning to Sarah , he smiled .
tr	3	I didn 't believe your note for one second and did everything I could to find you .
tr	5	Time passed , and two days later they came into the village of Tuscaloosa and were greeted by the town 's people they did not know .
tr	3	"He said , "" How come everyone 's having all these doubts at the last minute ? """
tr	5	At the rear entrance , a young man helped load heavy sacks and other supplies into a waiting wagon to be delivered to a local resident .
tr	5	We shall be on a course that takes us the long way around the island , so it is unlikely that our paths will cross .
tr	2	""" Go on back to Toby then , I 'll take care of this ."
tr	3	I finally stopped in front of a sleek machine that looked like it had been built for speed .
tr	0	We 'll have to do some research .
tr	5	He would deal with it all later -- he had no time to judge it now , and he couldn 't keep it in his mind .
tr	5	It was the weekend so no-one was working and ' dad ' was able to show them all the work that the restoration experts had done .
tr	4	He moved into the chair right next to me and pulled it up , so his knees surrounded my legs .
tr	5	The notion of her brother actually concerned about her startled Trinity , and she had to look in her brother 's eyes before she could believe it .
tr	5	Graham tried to contain his reservations , ' isn 't that upping the ante a bit and putting us in the same camp as them ? '
tr	2	They had known him , enjoyed his lovemaking long before she was in the picture .
tr	2	In the drawing room , a large silver pot was placed by Theodosia 's chair .
tr	3	Bachelor 's parties in the southern cities were usually drunken treks through strings of gentlemen 's clubs or worse .
tr	0	and I mean anything .
tr	0	""" It 's getting late . """
tr	5	Skipping to a stop in a barely conscious stupor , the skull kid scarcely notices Link prying the gauntlets from his arms before reclaiming his ocarina .
tr	3	He could smell the girl 's own tears on it ; he could smell her on it .
tr	2	Their voices drew closer , and I sprinted back the way I came .
tr	5	He continues to stare at her ageless face , the essence of purity and kindness , destroyed in an instant by an entity of boundless hatred .
tr	0	Sign up for Laura 's newsletter .
tr	4	A few minutes later , Amy walked back in with General Anderson and then returned to the hallway after giving Beau a smile .
tr	4	Mara smiled to me with courage and together all five of us got out in the sun , heading to the car .
tr	5	She could only imagine what her body looked like under the bandages , but it was as good a time to find out as any other time .
tr	1	""" Help me downstairs , "" Rick ordered when they arrived ."
tr	5	Before sunrise they were forced to make a slow and painful withdrawal back to their boats , carrying their dead and wounded on makeshift litters .
tr	3	Paco 's wife , Alba , took Kia off to play and he led her into his treatment room .
tr	1	""" What ails the boy , is he ill ? """
tr	2	He stood there staring as if to see the great distance they would now travel .
tr	5	Ethan inhaled the aroma of her attempt at breakfast , and one taste told Julie that she was triumphant as her own fork hit the meal .
tr	0	The gunman 's eyes widened .
tr	3	"Sam threw open the engine cover , looked and said , "" They got the fucking fuel line . """
tr	4	"As he sat on the edge of her bed he chided , "" You know , you 're almost fifteen ."
tr	2	""" No , although I am sure I would have found another way ."
tr	1	"I 'm gon na take you where it 's safe . """
tr	1	""" And you 're sure nobody will detect it ? """
tr	1	Elegant soirees such as this were a thing of the past .
tr	1	Missy watched the rope tighten up and lift off the ground .
tr	0	And a gaping hole in his chest .
tr	2	As I was rapidly discovering , she was too stubborn to resist a challenge .
tr	4	Like a house of cards , the markets collapsed bringing on a recession which threatened to eclipse even the Great Depression .
tr	2	He rose abruptly from the table , the chair clattering behind him .
tr	2	""" I lack sufficient ambition to please my father , not that it matters ."
tr	5	As the door fell down and a narrow concertina of wooden steps expanded to the landing floor , they were hit by the most dreadful smell .
tr	0	It was all part of the act .
tr	4	"he decided an alternative approach , "" I think you know everything there is to know about being a mommy . """
tr	1	Ordered compliance , and again my head shook .
tr	2	"It 's all up to you how your life will unfold from here on . """
tr	5	The shorelines of the islands were too dangerous to approach for the waves were smashing over top of them , engulfing the rocks with their fury .
tr	2	Worse , without a heart , his body was already shutting down .
tr	5	After months of dirty , sweaty living conditions in Iraq , five percent cleaner was better than what he had been accustomed to in desert operations .
tr	2	""" Not that I had noticed that our previous pace was relaxed . """
tr	1	he asked , staring at the shining silver on her hand .
tr	3	""" If we want the first fleet lifted within a year , we need forty operational pairs ."
tr	4	""" So use your anger to conquer those , and once you do , then you can worry about conquering the anger . """
tr	2	I sent a short report to Allan by radio as we proceeded to San Juan .
tr	1	' The cipher must be on the memory stick . '
tr	3	Rafe tapped a thoughtful tattoo on the smooth wood of the table top , lost in his own thoughts .
tr	1	He too held a taser at the ready .
tr	2	The quest was in grave jeopardy ; the Searcher was near death .
tr	2	Get everyone out of here and gather by that golf cart up on the hill .
tr	1	Certainly , our family will have a very good payday today .
tr	2	""" And anyone who is associated with us must bear that shame also . """
tr	4	He gave us a quick , awkward grin over his shoulder , the Steyr AUG rifle in his hands aimed at the main door .
tr	0	""" So you had Jacob killed ? """
tr	4	He watched John pull the stick from the goo and sniff it before letting it drip back into the pot .
tr	0	"now there 's a coincidence ! """
tr	2	' This is impossible , ' Anna finally murmured just after two am .
tr	2	She laid a hand on his cheek , the action solemn and caring .
tr	2	"If I could I would kill every one of them myself . """
tr	5	Constant rejection made even him , in his drunken state , realize that the women of the mead hall weren 't going to respond to his flirtations .
tr	5	As soon as the wheels touched down and were locked in place , military personnel surrounded the trucks to unload them and start setting things up .
tr	4	He and his traveling loonies seemed to follow us around like a bad cold you couldn 't get rid of .
tr	0	""" What old monkey ? """
tr	4	It wasn 't his normal laugh -- more like a ' whatever the hot girl says is funny ' type of laugh .
tr	1	""" It 's all right , "" he answered grudgingly ."
tr	1	She still would have lost control of Dan .
tr	5	The sun was up , and they started on the grim task of placing the skulls of the victims facing east in the house of the bones .
tr	5	"She has recently edited "" Fleeing from Absence "" ( 2009 ) , a collection of four essays on time , space and information by Olga Ast ."
tr	3	One of the men had already cleared its contents in preparation for the day 's move .
tr	4	That area is more accessible , and there 're a few dirt roads that lead up to the Lake itself .
tr	3	"In fact , I expect Seth will want to stay on far longer than just the one year . """
tr	5	""" Maybe you are , "" she said slowly , "" but I never have to wonder if you 're telling me the truth or not . """
tr	5	It was if people had just walked away leaving all their worldly possessions with the exception of fuel and food neither of which we could find .
tr	0	my partner said carefully .
tr	1	Sarah couldn 't remember ever seeing him look so tired .
tr	2	""" Teachers , you know , the grown-ups who teach you stuff ."
tr	2	Taking his hand in hers , she walked them over and the two sat down .
tr	2	she hissed , but Roberto did not flinch as pirates roared , calling her names .
tr	2	He got his wish when he went inside to get his money .
tr	4	Rick led the way down the slope , carrying the cube now instead of the machete in one hand , flashlight in the other .
tr	2	The early estimates were in favor of a death toll of over seventy .
tr	3	"I 'd like to see the house before the parents get up and start ordering us about . """
tr	1	What am I going to do in the meantime ?
tr	3	Never before had he experienced such a desire , and even now he was embarrassed by its foolishness .
tr	3	He did not fidget or look around , simply remained still and stared calmly at the men .
tr	2	""" And where might the three of you be off to ? """
tr	3	In fact they seemed vaguely put out when one interrupted them half way through their monologue .
tr	4	The agent , or rather , the shapeshifter , had just punched through Franks ' back , severing his spinal column .
tr	1	Gema had added her own touch to it .
tr	3	I doubted my prank on Malcolm had ended up with him in the back of a squad car .
tr	2	"She smiled and added , "" After a little bathroom break , that is . """
tr	2	"Something is going on at NET that can hurt William and your mother . """
tr	3	I crossed the sidewalk to a pair of mahogany double doors and pressed the buzzer for apartment 3A .
tr	2	""" The business has only been running for a few months . """
tr	2	I turn away from the tiles to stare at the person who is Gabe again .
tr	1	""" My shoulder hurts , "" she said hoarsely ."
tr	2	He stopped when a massive black bear appeared near the outer rim of the yard .
tr	0	"Let us keep you safe . """
tr	2	Ron was an executive and until recently , the two were only casual acquaintances .
tr	4	He opened it - inside was a gold necklace , with a small , gold Christian fish pendant on it .
tr	3	Above him , the other man had dismounted , his sword waiting for the slightest opportunity .
tr	4	Truth , but what did Landon think he was doing , running off like that when he was a Prince ?
tr	4	He teamed up with the guys who dreamed up the funky gun cover and together they designed and built the pad .
tr	2	"Merry Christmas darling , "" George was standing in the doorway leaning on the frame ."
tr	4	Her legs instantly gave way beneath her and she landed in a cold puddle of dirty water in the road .
tr	2	""" I don 't understand the relevance of that question , "" she retorted ."
tr	5	After McElroy had shot him in both knees down in Costa Rica he and George Mudd had left him to die taking off with Vance .
tr	3	He took control of the prisoners and continued on his mission with the prisoners in tow .
tr	4	Nora was happy about his new assignment and told him as much , enjoying the young Captain 's closeness and tenderness since they met .
tr	3	Hundreds of years of instinct warned me that this was not a man I dared look away from .
tr	3	Rick pondered a moment , wondering why they could understand speech when they were watching the display .
tr	1	He looked up and smiled , almost embarrassed .
tr	0	Then she heard a noise again .
tr	3	"He looked at her smiling "" You mean how can I afford all this being a retired SAS Trooper ?"
tr	3	We 'll come to that later , but you gentlemen most certainly harmed the Faith that day .
tr	4	This made no sense to Bryce Grain , who was quite certain he would never do something so dangerous over the World Wide Web .
tr	0	She realized she made a mistake .
tr	4	A cold premonition rose in my mind as my gaze shifted once more to the cage in the middle of the room .
tr	4	""" You 're hardly in a position to make threats or had you forgotten who holds the majority in Congress ? """
tr	1	""" I don 't have to explain anything to you ."
tr	0	Heat exploded on my right flank .
tr	0	""" I 'm not moving . """
tr	1	T had mentioned a slight , brief orientation period upon arrival .
tr	0	The word did sound familiar .
tr	1	Chelsea slowed up and waited for Alex to catch her .
tr	5	Finn would never know how strong the desire had been and , as a consequence , her words had been harsher than she had intended .
tr	0	Rafe sent him a glowering look .
tr	4	"Bright said , "" So now you 're over here at seven in the morning dumping it in my lap ."
tr	4	"There 's another problem the dome won 't retract , the damned thing looks like a big toadstool sitting out there . """
tr	3	There were just two men sitting at the bar , the fishermen Clem Johnson and Perry Winslow .
tr	5	"We are at 300 feet and at ten percent power ... I 'm heading forward to find a new place to put her down . """
tr	0	Rafe could have cursed in his vexation .
tr	2	""" The letter makes no mention of a travelling companion for Lady Adele . """
tr	0	I looked around the station 's reception .
tr	1	A lesser man would have trouble using them for long .
tr	2	These days everyone fished , so it had raised no one 's suspicions .
tr	4	I would also like to thank the following for making this book possible : My mother , Shirley , for ... everything !
tr	5	Her companion , a plump young woman , more motherly in manner than her years would seem to indicate , shushed Carter , clearly embarrassed .
tr	1	The figure came at him in a lightening blur of speed .
tr	4	"No namby-pamby idiot taking that child 's side and spoiling her or giving her ideas above her station , do you hear me ? """
tr	1	He made no sound and no eye contact .
tr	0	""" We can 't . """
tr	5	"To Cordelia , Matthew said , "" I love the part where Bax faced off with twenty bandits when he had only one bullet left ."
tr	1	""" We could all use the exercise . """
tr	1	"I don 't know what you 're talking about . """
tr	2	Sam and I agreed it was worth the risk to check them out .
tr	1	Other than a whimpering whine Scott heard nothing from the animal .
tr	5	He shook his muscular shoulders and decided to enjoy the warmth of the soil , rolling over and back onto his feet beneath the mid-morning sun .
tr	1	Water began to pool on the ground around the stone man .
tr	4	Moving closer , Zelda finds herself unable to get the boy 's attention , his zombie like state obviously not an act .
tr	2	""" You will sit and talk to our guest and show him some manners . """
tr	5	"He 's had over a hundred years of battlefield experience , with all the resources of the Guardians and their vast knowledge of war . """
tr	2	"I guess what I 'm saying is ... ... watch your back ! """
tr	0	Rafe started at her words .
tr	2	He might as well have taken the knife and plunged it into my heart .
tr	2	""" Gem you know we keep a radio watch on Radio Jakarta ? """
tr	4	Every time we turn to Wall Street , all , they do , is look for new and creative ways to screw us .
tr	5	The entrance to the bridge is an opening in the center of the smooth deck where a set of stairs descends to the deck below .
tr	2	She 'd also put on makeup , which made her look remarkably different .
tr	0	Josie said , surprised .
tr	3	I eased open the sliding door without a sound and crawled out , my body stiff and sore .
tr	2	""" And we 're here to save him and the little guy with him . """
tr	0	Mostly Gabe 's , though .
tr	3	"Nathan started to answer him , but David stood and turned around incredulous , "" Why ?"
tr	0	She looked at me .
tr	5	""" Yes , after the transfusion the Humans are afforded the opportunity to receive some of the pregnant Vampire 's blood in exchange for providing their own ."
tr	2	They could have lost our house , and be living on the streets .
tr	1	Ben and Victoria were still on the lower level .
tr	4	His mother and father had been so taken with the idea that their boy was special that they 'd never dared be parents .
tr	3	The interview room on the first floor offered a rare glimpse of the harbor and Boston 's downtown skyline .
tr	1	A diminutive figure appeared out of the pine trees close by .
tr	5	The forest uttered a low groan , as though protesting some fathomless pain , as a tempestuous burst of wind flooded the clearing with hurricane force .
tr	0	I 'd told him all about Aimee .
tr	1	Mark reached across to a handset hung up in the elevator .
tr	0	""" How appropriate , "" he thought ."
tr	0	"I 'll have to tell them . """
tr	1	"There ain 't an ounce of truth in it ! """
tr	1	Alejo felt his brow lower saying it out loud .
tr	5	Like many of the passengers the driver looked rock hard , like he 'd just as sooner kick your head in than sell you a ticket .
tr	2	She pulled open drawers in the kitchen , looking for a bread recipe .
tr	4	All the other guys had figured out Josie wasn 't interested in them , why did Logan have to keep pushing it ?
tr	2	My limbs hung useless , the halter riding up between my legs .
tr	3	"I told Austin and Sydney and Callie about the hobos and then I would yell , "" Hobo ! """
tr	4	"he shot back casually , "" I 'd hate for you to lose me before you finally admit you love me ! """
tr	2	You can see that I left a deposit there in the bank .
tr	2	There were no minerals found inside , either ... maybe mined out ?
tr	1	Do not think that I treat the thing lightly .
tr	3	Sunlight was finding its way somehow into the hall , and they quickly saw the source .
tr	5	""" May as well , if you 're going to be miserable , I may as well drown it out somehow , "" Hank answered sullenly ."
tr	2	"I 'm afraid maybe you 're getting a little too excited . """
tr	2	""" Just don 't overdo it , "" Neil warned with some misgivings ."
tr	0	She eased her helmet off .
tr	3	With visibility drastically reduced by the repeated cannon fire , the Union forces struggled to see targets .
tr	0	This was absolutely crazy .
tr	5	"Now , as the night grows short , we should get back to the ships and prepare to be underway before the Spanish fleet shows up "" ."
tr	5	"I ask that he be in your thoughts and prayers in the coming days , "" she announces , struggling to keep all emotion from her voice ."
tr	1	""" Breakfast in a tick , "" she whispered ."
tr	1	She suddenly had the energy to get up .
tr	3	He tried to collect himself , fixing a grin on his lips to answer her genuine one .
tr	3	' Our friend was reluctant , but I convinced him to give us a name at least . '
tr	5	She found a place in the shade of a tree and sat with her back up against it , pulling the blanket through her fingers .
tr	5	Together , they accepted the fealty of the council first , all of them vowing to serve their king to the best of their abilities .
tr	3	"She came back to the table and demanded , "" How did you do that ? """
tr	2	""" He won 't want to leave you alone in the house . """
tr	2	Now she was studiously avoiding so much as glancing in his direction .
tr	0	Malcolm pointed and peered across the bridge .
tr	2	Even before the rush had dissipated , he started off to the other side .
tr	0	Malcolm grabbed his backpack .
tr	5	""" I suppose if you 're departing , "" said Iris , "" I would like to thank you once again for your generous support . """
tr	2	""" If he fed , then he won 't turn up for another day . """
tr	4	""" It 's too late to turn back now , "" I said as our horses turned a corner in the tree-lined path ."
tr	0	Chris took one last look around .
tr	4	In his darkest moments in the days since the ship disappeared , he wondered if he wasn 't just losing his mind .
tr	1	Never had she been more proud of a simple roast chicken .
tr	2	Taylor went back into the house and picked up his tool belt .
tr	5	Now to the point - we are challenged with somehow deploying a volunteer army that is little more than a mob into a daunting foray .
tr	1	I get my bliss , short and sharp as it is .
tr	4	She picked up her bag and started towards the low stone wall separating the pasture from the grounds of a thatched , stone cottage .
tr	4	""" He bloody better , "" muttered Downer , "" we 've too much crap to be humping through the bush . """
tr	1	It seemed far away from the harsh realities of her job .
tr	2	and was rewarded with an instant display of Octavian 's sleeping quarters .
tr	1	""" I suppose I have no choice . """
tr	0	"Chapter Twenty Three "" Rafe ? """
tr	3	"I said , "" We should be ashore tonight if everything stays as it is . """
tr	0	""" Officer , "" Barney said ."
tr	4	The two friends played the next four holes in good time George just dropping the one shot on the eighteenth ... ... . .
tr	4	It had regressed to the days when all a physician could do was to hold a hand and comfort the patient .
tr	4	It was a beautiful being , its body shone like the purest crystal and it was segmented like an insect .
tr	1	He felt his forehead where the first one smacked him .
tr	3	He handed it to Kevin who nodded and turned to go out the door without waiting for Missy .
tr	2	""" You 're the first one I 've gotten to apologize to . """
tr	2	"You 'll have to show some form of identification "" he said almost apologetically ."
tr	4	A pitcher with wine and glasses awaited them and a servant girl was already pouring it for them , hands shaking .
tr	1	Today , Sami 's feet were bare and bleeding .
tr	2	"I never even thought about having a baby before you showed up . """
tr	3	She had been unable to shake the feeling that she would be going simply to stay near him .
tr	0	"What 's on your mind ? """
tr	2	Neil crossed his eyes and made one eyeball swivel back and forth .
tr	5	He moved very fast for such a small guy -- it helped that the briar and the thistle moved out of his way as he approached .
tr	0	Like the picture I took .
tr	2	She had left them when they got married along with everything else .
tr	2	What he could not understand was the way they wished to torment him .
tr	4	Savana had been alive after the invaders moved out of the mountains , she 'd come back here to draw him this map .
tr	5	It was plain that his courteous manner would vanish in an instant if they didn 't move along , so they thanked them and departed .
tr	2	We swiped through the security door and headed down a wide corridor .
tr	5	About twenty minutes into the flight they spotted Lake Rockwall with its highway bridge that had been put back into service a few months earlier .
tr	0	He turned to Cobb and nodded .
tr	1	A great tail and wings sprouted from his back .
tr	1	A second later , I saw Anna stiffen .
tr	4	He double checked the scheduled date and saw it was on Sunday , September third , the day before Labor Day .
tr	1	her eyes twinkling well aware of his discomfort .
tr	0	' How 's he doing ? '
tr	0	Abby tried a different approach .
tr	1	He rose to his full height , towering over her .
tr	5	He 'd lost count of the times the adult pair moved off together in silent investigation , and the immature animal needed more rest than that .
tr	2	"I said , "" I 'll be damned , had no idea . """
tr	1	There are so many things I still want to show him .
tr	3	He spun around , and over his shoulder he barked ' FOLLOW ME , NOW ' .
tr	5	As the dagger flashed forward , Rupert somehow found the strength he needed to heave himself to his feet , twisting aside as he did so .
tr	0	""" Maybe tomorrow . """
tr	4	""" Abraham 's little sister , "" she said simply , "" Leila is my spirit guide , my inner being ."
tr	0	It 's dead before I land .
tr	4	""" Somehow he found out about Duke and he 's claiming that Duke is leading a pack of coyotes and attacking his cattle . """
tr	4	""" In punishment for me betraying the group , I think they 're going to try to kill my family . """
tr	5	"Toni scooted closer to the desk and smiled , "" I remember reading an old Wizard book with directions on how to get a wish fulfilled ."
tr	2	She nodded and , removing her hand from his , then took a step back .
tr	3	He 'd just put the phone down on George Mudd who 'd told him about Peter Brenner .
tr	1	Bruno paused with his fingers on the handle .
tr	1	Scott thought the animal looked a lot like a point man .
tr	3	She felt the worried frown furrow her forehead , but couldn 't make it go away .
tr	1	You have been too much trouble for the master .
tr	4	Behind her gasps and murmurs rose until she could almost hear them , but there was no time to listen .
tr	4	""" Neither can I , but it is the most beautiful dress , and it is the most important day in our lives ."
tr	2	""" And the daughter of the minister of war , "" Logan piped in . """
tr	3	"A drunken cripple could 've taken you unawares with your head in the clouds like that ! """
tr	1	The other she had lost during the struggle .
tr	4	"Jacob said , "" Yes you do , and I 'm proud of you for thinking that , and for telling me ."
tr	2	""" Well , I think your job for the moment is no longer needed ."
tr	3	"I doubt I 'll be able to get out while we 're down there though . """
tr	2	He had waited sixteen years for her that he might honour his promise .
tr	0	Rafe paused and resumed his pacing .
tr	2	When she reached the end of the story , she looked up and sighed .
tr	5	""" I tell the people I am barren , and that Brand 's sister-in-law Kenna must bear the heirs , since Harald refuses to remarry ."
tr	0	Rand seemed taken aback .
tr	5	Slowly I picked up what to do with my feet in the stirrups , what to do with reins : how to turn , how to stop .
tr	3	It remained to be seen if the mayor might be dumb enough to try something against him .
tr	4	"She never told us where , well , never even told us about you until just before she died . """
tr	2	Pipes burst around us , releasing jets of hot steam that further obscured our vision .
tr	2	""" No thanks , "" Kaylie instantly decided , eyes bulging out of her head ."
tr	0	""" Another time . """
tr	1	""" OK , but don 't touch anything ... anything !"
tr	3	He smiled at the little girl 's questioning gaze then took the med kit from his brother .
tr	1	Why don 't you stay and practise with him ? '
tr	1	""" Caesar raided your lands , too ? """
tr	4	Across the top of the security area bright red monikers flashed alerts about forbidden objects and substances , warning travelers against transporting illegal items .
tr	3	All the major cities near the JP were to the east , north , or south .
tr	2	He watched a few minutes in silence , enjoying his orange juice .
tr	5	"First , wages , as well as uniforms , and rooms , and also meals -- no , I cannot condone such a foolish scheme . """
tr	0	"Then I will tell you all . """
tr	5	Sykes tumbles down the docking tube , out the opening and is seen falling into the depth of the cavern , spinning end over end .
tr	1	"I doubt if the others are even awake yet . """
tr	2	We continued past it and reached the base of the shaft minutes later .
tr	1	How much of this involved the Chinese wasn 't certain .
tr	1	Okay , peeking at Dad 's files didn 't count .
tr	5	"So far , none of the enemy has come from that direction and I believe we can escape undetected , but only if we leave now . """
tr	1	"The driver was younger with dark hair . """
tr	1	We can only survive up to sixteen deaths .
tr	5	That 's all I ask , never do this again if you have a problem come and see me that 's what I 'm here for .
tr	2	Matching wall sconces graced both sides of the fireplace in the living room area .
tr	1	""" Dickie ... ... Merry Christmas ... ... ."
tr	5	With nothing but silence Ezra advanced his new enemy , their blades clashed and the ring of metal filled the courtyard as these two titans battled .
tr	1	"Who was the one who threw out the cigarette ? """
tr	0	He smiled at John .
tr	1	"I can 't wait to read it . """
tr	3	"The moment it passes the vote downstairs , troops from both our countries will be boarding transports . """
tr	5	Although Pat spoke sparingly and kept silent most of the time , it was not difficult to know her thoughts ; at least not for Grace .
tr	3	""" ' Tis best , Finan , you are still weak and need your rest . """
tr	4	It 's only been in the last couple of weeks that I finally returned to analysing the materials we found . '
tr	1	Then Sarah got pregnant and stopped hanging out .
tr	1	""" Yeah , you 're going to love this ."
tr	3	Despite the bartender 's subtle questioning , I remained vague about my origins and my whereabouts following the battle .
tr	3	I lay on my stomach , gripping the head of the table and keeping my hands in plain sight .
tr	3	' I can 't tell you how relieved Grandfather is that you 're okay , ' she said softly .
tr	5	They got into their truck and drove off on the lively streets of Victoria eventually making it to the highway that takes them home to Nanaimo .
tr	4	First , to Mandy : Thank you as always for the being the beautiful , intricate , complex , and supportive woman I love .
tr	2	""" I don 't suppose you brought a thermos of coffee ? """
tr	3	""" I don 't want her touched so be mindful of that , "" he said ."
tr	1	"Don 't make me keep reminding you . """
tr	4	The same words as he had said to the ladies , would have caused no such outrage if spoken to a man .
tr	3	Alejo trudged to the center of the roof , where rusty metal chairs circled a wobbly table .
tr	5	Something strange and far away seemed to be trying to tell her something and for a second she thought she could hear the rustle of pages .
tr	2	He reverted to his usual bored attitude as his mother eyed him and Miriam suspiciously .
tr	1	""" Can I give you some water ? """
tr	0	""" I forgot , "" she said ."
tr	5	No doubt the high ravine walls amplified the sound of their weapons , but the battle still looked extremely fearsome to the Prince 's eyes .
tr	3	I motioned to the frosting , mentioned Jolie 's name , and pointed into the bakery .
tr	4	' Hubert used a sequence of techniques both of us had worked with in the past , ' Anna said , clearly puzzled .
tr	3	There were a table and two chairs near the windows which were framed by heavy green drapes .
tr	1	It rolled to a stop behind Jimmy 's parked truck .
tr	5	After suffering from that huge thirst earlier , he would always consider it to be the most beautiful sound in the world , he reflected .
tr	0	"what 's that ? """
tr	3	"Cade smiled at the thought , but said , "" You can 't rebuild everything . """
tr	2	Who will tell mother I 'm not lying about the whole thing ?
tr	0	How could he defend himself ?
tr	3	Finn had spent nearly the full day in it , rocking , sipping tea and smoking .
tr	0	' When do we leave ? '
tr	0	Tonight he couldn 't sleep .
tr	1	""" If you need anything , just ask . """
tr	1	I 'd rather be safe than sorry , Terry ... .
tr	4	The visage seems to be worn like a mutated mask , not fusing with his actual features , but overtaking them just the same .
tr	3	' Right ' he said , and signed the last page of the said formidable form .
tr	3	"It won 't do as well as the tablets , but should help fill up the thyroid gland . """
tr	4	After they had emptied the plane , Hunt and Taylor fastened its fabric cover and a camouflage net on top of it .
tr	1	We have to keep this a complete secret .
tr	4	And with that he set off into the woods , a longbow that was nearly eight feet long over his shoulder .
tr	4	Adele smiled as she lifted Eda 's silken hair back from her face and pulled a comb through its luxuriant length .
tr	1	Faulty heroes , but I won 't tell them .
tr	1	""" Sorry about this , Seamus , "" David said ."
tr	4	It was a school picture and on the back was written I 'll never forget how scared we were in the caves !
tr	3	""" I did not ... "" "" Enough , Bron , the subject becomes tiresome . """
tr	0	How could I have slept that long ?
tr	0	""" Which cities ? """
tr	2	His fretting was in vain and he pulled her closer and closed his eyes .
tr	0	He 's basically a workout dummy .
tr	2	And in the midst of that plain rose the walls and towers of a city .
tr	2	"That shows what a pretty man does to a woman 's mind . """
tr	5	""" It turns out that my kingdom produces some excellent assassins , who in turn make excellent bodyguards , and your kingdom has a wonderful army ."
tr	1	She spotted the lifeless figure on the makeshift stretcher .
tr	0	She really missed them all .
tr	1	Later that night Cody Hunt held his sides from laughing .
tr	1	Isaac yelled across the cliff face to me .
tr	3	They crossed the hall and entered the surgical lab , facing HS2 for moment through the observation glass .
tr	0	I force myself not to stare .
tr	2	""" So like , uh , what do we do now ? """
tr	0	The fun and games were over .
tr	4	After wiping the dirt from his butt , he brought himself to his full height and stared across at the girl .
tr	4	But her dagger missed the creature 's spine , and the Watchman threw her off its back and turned once more to the Prince .
tr	3	I 'm not saying this is God 's will , but He does work in ways we cannot comprehend .
tr	4	As they drove through the countryside , David decided Ireland was green and largely wet in order to stay that way .
tr	1	Chris smiled for only a moment before his face went serious .
tr	4	""" GW , don 't feel bad , I see why you find it so hard to refuse Allan and never turn him down ."
tr	3	""" Much trouble did come from my deceiving Adele , just as you said it would . """
tr	2	Then he slammed it down over a raised knee , cracking it in half .
tr	1	He reached across the table , covering her hand with his .
tr	2	I only answer to the president otherwise I 'm he who must be obeyed .
tr	0	""" All your years ?"
tr	4	He would stir the brew , add sugar and spices , mix the content of certain varieties , taste and smell - and wait .
tr	3	""" But you are not from here Miss ... "" "" Please , call me Mara ."
tr	3	""" We have wired and wireless phones and functioning cell phone towers because we have electricity ."
tr	4	""" Last time we were here , they were flush with the cliff wall , and they didn 't have an electrical current ."
tr	2	"I must say I didn 't expect them so - "" "" Hurry ! """
tr	4	"My horse is somewhere back that way , "" he gestured , "" I could move faster on foot . """
tr	1	""" Kay , we will go back for her ."
tr	0	No problem at all .
tr	2	Sure 'n you know by now I can take care of meself .
tr	1	My hand reaches toward him , glowing bright .
tr	5	He enjoy her company , her absurdity , her childlike attitude ... If only they could stay just like that for the rest of their lives .
tr	5	As she cried into his hand , he could feel her imagining only what would happen when Carter made his way back to her prison .
tr	0	How could Faro do this to me ?
tr	5	But with the reduced size of the national government , Interior had taken on a lot of orphan programs when other departments had been closed .
tr	1	They had found the farm abandoned a few days earlier .
tr	1	Adele hardly noticed ; all she could think of was Finn .
tr	1	She stopped before him and raised her hand .
tr	5	Two soldiers in body armor also stood by the exit to the bus ramps equipped with the shortened Canadian version of the M-16 designed for armor crews .
tr	5	I wish I could tell him how sorry I am that I never -- not once -- tried to reach over and pull us closer together .
tr	3	""" I suppose we could manage it , don 't you , Valiant , my love ?"
tr	1	Rafe 's eyes met his a steely light in their depths .
tr	4	Besides , even if his friend took care of the execution or subsequent accident , it would still be on his head ultimately .
tr	0	All by himself , he was .
tr	4	""" It 's called ' Silat ' , "" said George running his hand over the flat of her stomach ."
tr	5	He finally convinced the guards to prevent her from visiting him due to health concerns for the old lady caused by the stress of the prison .
tr	5	Whatever Cordelia was trying to tell him , Matthew was certain it was urgent and it had to do with the situation below him in the lobby .
tr	0	He 'd never had this happen before .
tr	2	Now that he really looked around he saw that all the trees were blue .
tr	5	After coffee and snacks , they all showered in the scientists ' large area of locker rooms and each was given white clothing to put on .
tr	1	The second cop took off his hat and turned toward me .
tr	5	"I haven 't told you yet how pleased I was by your line "" I don 't love you , I 'm scared of you "" ."
tr	5	"We have to get out of here fast , "" Marco had reached out to grab Gizmo and that 's when he had been hit ."
tr	1	""" For the love of God , why not ? """
tr	3	I ripped open a second drawer , fighting back tears , looking for more current pictures .
tr	1	""" So when you gon na do it ? """
tr	1	Setting that contract aside , he picked up the next .
tr	2	And it had almost cost her life for him to recognize his feelings for her .
tr	5	""" What is it to you , veteran , "" he said condescendingly , which made Rick realize he was wearing an informal military uniform ."
tr	2	Her father had refused to give in to the demands of the pirate .
tr	3	His bodyguards drew identical semi-automatic pistols from inside their coats and fell into step behind him .
tr	1	It must be due to his wonderful parenting !
tr	5	Even though Mac now believed him , he still thought Zinger was an insane , blood thirsty animal for killing millions of his own people .
tr	3	""" We 'll be fine , "" she said , not at all sure they would be ."
tr	0	Scott smiled at the little girl .
tr	1	""" He tried to hurt my boy . """
tr	2	' Something 's wrong , ' said Victor with a heavy frown .
tr	1	It was everything I hoped it would be .
tr	5	"It 's roughly half the size of the moon and at the speed it will be traveling , that 's more than enough for our experiment . """
tr	1	What was the team going to find out ?
tr	5	She also knew her period was almost due so she was going to have to talk to her minders and get the where with all .
tr	2	Or drop a note by my side stating a time and place to meet .
tr	0	""" Nothing wrong with me , son ."
tr	0	Kaylie pondered out loud .
tr	4	""" First thing you can do is invite me in , "" said Jennie , "" it 's damned cold out here . """
tr	3	Rick and Anna 's rooms were identical to Alex and Jessie 's , and directly below them .
tr	4	""" Never mind , "" he said with as much dignity as he could muster , and rolled over to go to sleep ."
tr	3	One cub scratched at the bottom of a large leafy oak tree before climbing straight up .
tr	0	"You are among friends here . """
tr	3	"Being tough is one thing , but doing it with your ... your ... "" "" Swagger ? """
tr	3	"Yawning , I replied , "" The journey 's only a few hours to begin with . """
tr	5	Adam got up and banged on the cell door ' you had better get in here ; you have a dead prisoner on your hands . '
tr	4	screamed a flaming ninja as he ran past , setting fire to the hedges in front of Billy 's house .
tr	4	Of this I will say I may not coerce any member of this party to journey into danger with me .
tr	1	A few seconds passed that felt like minutes .
tr	0	Wouldn 't that be nice ?
tr	4	I blinked again and dimly realised that the dark shadow obstructing my left eye was blood trickling from a fresh wound on my scalp .
tr	1	""" Why ... "" I take a breath ."
tr	4	But they 'll need help from an unlikely source : Dr. Laura Olson , vampire , and the sole survivor of the Alcatraz attack .
tr	5	Chapter Eleven ' The Guest Suite ' Two armed guards , who had no desire to engage in small talk , escorted me to the Guest Suite .
tr	5	""" It will be at that time where you might be able to unlock the secret mystery of the book allowing you to escape your bounds . """
tr	3	He looked around in desperation , spotting a fabric runner under a floral arrangement on a corner table .
tr	1	""" That 's not what I meant , "" Jimmy said ."
tr	5	The run would cover about 10,000 feet , about two miles , since the apron was in the middle of the length of the long runway .
tr	2	""" I think it is time for us to rest and have a meal ."
tr	0	""" What a bore ."
tr	1	He looks away , and I see his real face again .
tr	3	She would not fare well if Antonio , Marshal of the Imperial Guard , found out .
tr	5	Warm and awake from her drink , Claire wandered through the Victorian conservatory , welcoming the humid atmosphere which snuggled round her like a duvet .
tr	3	When they finally arrived at the van , Rick sprawled across the back seat while the girls loaded everything .
tr	2	A window occupied the upper half : several figures were visible behind it .
tr	3	Reggie started laughing and realized it was the first time he had laughed in quite awhile .
tr	3	She began studying the first one , a picture taken roughly ten feet before they reached the intersection .
tr	3	He 'd often thought that Dickie had engineered that move although it had never been discussed .
tr	5	""" We should dunk you in the river , clean you all up , and tie a ribbon around your neck for good measure . """
tr	1	""" You cost me two days , "" Roberto continued ."
tr	5	"Alex continued , "" -- is a Universal Chronicler , it records information and everything the omni-directional , four-dimensional recording devices observe when activated . """
tr	2	The man took a drag of his cigarette and sized Noah up .
tr	3	When she opened them again , I could see the answer to my question in their green depths .
tr	3	I arrived at the third floor , gasping , and I saw him at his door .
tr	4	"I cannot live , knowing that I let you take her away , and I didn 't follow after her . """
tr	4	High atop the crumbling walls of the structure , the entire desert is visible through the blanket of black cascading outward from the grounds .
tr	0	""" Well , okay ."
tr	0	Josie finally asked , breaking the silence .
tr	5	""" Yes , that 's true , "" he mused , "" we had many mirrors in those days , and you have hardly seen one ."
tr	2	He snapped the axe head right off the handle with relative ease .
tr	2	Our time together is ringed with soft white lighting around the edges .
tr	5	Together , we lunged , And together , Logan and I soared through the darkness , my friend seeking the girl , I the devil himself .
tr	0	His arm hung useless at his side .
tr	1	""" What about those fellows who were following us ?"
tr	5	He didn 't know if she was alive , if she was in Tunisia , or if she had managed to escape from the coliseum .
tr	4	"I guess you could too , "" he added looking at Taylor who had engine grease spread evenly over almost everything he was wearing ."
tr	2	He was running a little easier now ... ... must have got his second wind .
tr	1	When Pierre looked at him , Roberto scowled .
tr	1	""" Maybe time travel was developed by aliens ! '"
tr	3	He was cold and hungry from days of sleeping outdoors and hiding , but it was almost over .
tr	2	""" Sidney said she was keeping her Daddy 's wallet safe for him ."
tr	5	There is a buzzing noise and suddenly , with no explanation , she finds herself standing on what would appear to be a ruined world .
tr	1	But he wasn 't as stupid as he looked .
tr	5	""" It 's a nice day ; I thought we might get the kayak out and have a paddle in the river , "" Tim said ."
tr	5	After supper the boys settled into the living room and began to argue over who got to play what game on the large screen TV .
tr	5	One he met and bedded on the fifth day was striking , until in the morning she asked for her nightly rate of $ 250 .
tr	2	""" Are we going to scale the wall and break in through a window ? """
tr	4	A terrifying sound of descending death closes in much more quickly than the boy would prefer as he reaches his destination .
tr	2	I manage to balance on two thin branches a little below her .
tr	5	' I was passing through and thought I 'd look up an old university friend , a person by the name of HE Strauss ? '
tr	0	It was Jimmy 's body .
tr	4	And he was trying to stop him coming above , but I was to damn curious about him , thirsty of knowing .
tr	5	And I 'm not sure you don 't say anything because you don 't want to , or if maybe I just don 't let you .
tr	5	All of the trees in the area collectively whip back and forth , many of them snapping in half as the explosion of force subsides .
tr	2	Her imagined angry words resounding in his head after he had slapped her .
tr	3	The mystery of Aimee and Marie and their house gnawed away at the back of my mind .
tr	3	He has an extremely sophisticated inference engine and in some ways it makes him seem highly intelligent .
tr	4	"I would fell much better if I would know the truth and in this way I would enjoy the trip with you . """
tr	5	"If so , I 'll spend a couple of days preparing , then I 'll be off at the first sign of suitable weather . """
tr	3	The conductors prodded the chained prisoners and pushed Simon and Miriam , and they all shuffled towards the figure .
tr	3	I can 't have Toby meandering around NET ' s mesh network or the global network .
tr	0	Sic , sic , sic .
tr	0	Was that why he was so unhappy ?
tr	0	What will happen tomorrow ?
tr	3	I sat on the edge of the bed and glanced at the array of equipment that surrounded me .
tr	1	Two black labs came bounding round the corner barking their greeting .
tr	5	Standing in their clean white smocks stood Dr. Morgan , assistant surgeon George Fowler , Pvt. Douglas , who had been resting earlier , and Pvt. Cleveland .
tr	1	""" Do not try to distance yourself from it ! """
tr	3	Chapter 2 -- Tipping Point Nathan looked out the grimy window at a dingy snowy wasteland .
tr	2	"I said , "" Not me honey I married you strictly for your mind . """
tr	3	Bender thinks I won 't play nice , so he made sure I couldn 't get in the way .
tr	1	Thank you for respecting the work of this author .
tr	3	The waiter brought us the coffees , and I was curious about what she wanted to show me .
tr	5	That is only by technicality though because I know , Leo knows , and the rest of student body knows who was behind the attack .
tr	4	"If it is a solemn festival , surely black or a dark blue would be more appropriate than green ? """
tr	0	It was something else .
tr	5	""" I will not leave him at Ganondorf 's mercy , "" the ninja fumes , clearly letting her emotions get the better of her ."
tr	1	"' Tis enough to turn a man 's stomach . """
tr	3	I step back , and something twists in my stomach or the place where my stomach used to be .
tr	0	Mason took a sip of his tea .
tr	5	When they were already sitting on the starship , Michael asked the Angel how everything would have turned out if they had not been there to help .
tr	0	He didn 't take it out anymore .
tr	3	She had Noah 's ring , and she knew that he had wanted to be with her .
tr	0	""" I 'm the pudding . """
tr	2	The nurses had drawn back and were gaping at Alejo sitting up on the bed .
tr	0	Now Alejo truly gaped .
tr	3	""" You 're lucky you 're not carrying anything , or it 'd be off with your head . """
tr	4	The ghostly blue hue of the dimensional window fades away seconds later , and Less is left with more questions than answers .
tr	0	""" No biggie , right ? """
tr	2	""" Pick that up , and we 'll be on our way . """
tr	4	Up until this day , I hadn 't realised quite how inquisitive I was , but I couldn 't help myself .
tr	4	"Then I said , "" Did you see a white Ford and trailer parked at the end of the road ? """
tr	0	He stepped in front of her .
tr	0	' I won 't anymore . '
tr	3	Suddenly , he realized they both were alive and had made it through the drive-by shooting .
tr	0	The darkness was absolute .
tr	5	If only he had listened to the girl , he could have prevented this , but he 'd let his pride and his anger blind him .
tr	5	By the time some assassin made their way through this maze , a group of eager soldiers could be ready and waiting at the other end .
tr	1	It was the old man from the daguerreotype .
tr	0	( runny ) , etching ?
tr	5	"It 's a win-win opportunity , something which very rarely happens in a person 's lifetime and we 're almost never rebuked with the offer . """
tr	0	Rick said , undeniably blunt .
tr	1	Maybe you understand it better than I do .
tr	5	I reasoned they must be alone if they were part of a larger group they wouldn 't have been so worried about losing a captive .
tr	4	Though the man hadn 't at all answered his question , the more Chris thought about it , the less surprised he was .
tr	5	They swam , dived , raced each other and played with a ball by the sea , in the sea and even under the sea .
tr	4	Red , the deep , nauseating color of blood , clouded the Prince 's vision , and he felt rage rise up in him .
tr	5	"And I 've got blood on my legs from when I tripped , "" I said and looked down to check if the bleeding was still stopped ."
tr	4	"Why is it so hard to find a virgin in the world , especially one that is supposed to be a lady ? """
tr	2	I shoot a bit of trap or skeet then go on the hand gun range .
tr	4	Nathan took back his weapons before turning and walking towards the barricade with Bethany and the boys falling in behind him .
tr	3	For what nefarious purpose had the two biggest criminal bosses in town set aside their differences ?
tr	2	""" And hopefully that 'll be the last we see of any of them . """
tr	2	They hugged each other in relief and the men joked with them , seeming unmoved .
tr	2	"Her voice faded to a whisper as she asked , "" Why ? """
tr	4	Deciding the man is just out to scare him , Rift continues through the rows of tombstones as the man vanishes into his shack .
tr	4	' It stands for the Functional Genomics Center of the University of Zurich , ' I said a moment later .
tr	4	""" Yes , I suggest you breakfast well for we will not stop again today until we make camp tonight . """
tr	1	A second later , the doorknob turned and rattled .
tr	2	His eyes slid away from his lord 's stare and became engrossed in the horizon .
tr	5	It appeared to be a flat , golden semicircle , not much larger than his hand , containing several odd engravings that made no sense to him .
tr	0	Why is she in pajamas ?
tr	4	Before she knew it , he was kissing her , the scarce stubble of his chin like sandpaper against her cheek .
tr	5	The gray haired and obviously ancient chimp was mostly bored this afternoon , sitting in his lounge chair and incessantly changing the television channel with the remote .
tr	2	His gaze kept straying to the blood on my hand while I explained my request .
tr	5	""" Not at all , "" the Prince responded truthfully , trying to keep up the façade of being helpful for just a little longer ."
tr	1	""" Okay , "" Francesca turns toward the house ."
tr	3	Underneath the superficial worries about what frosting to use were thoughts of Mom 's package I 'd opened .
tr	1	She went straight home ... walked all the way .
tr	5	And for him it was a mighty canyon leap just to show affection for his daughter and for once leave the question of duty aside .
tr	5	All I remember was her nodding , and then I was given over to the Blade Masters , who took me and tested me themselves .
tr	2	Not knowing his whereabouts was difficult but they could only remain calm , waiting .
tr	5	He was about to shot the deer they had been chasing with a sharp arrow on his hand but he halted , letting the animal escaped .
tr	4	"My family was royalty , but I have quite that life , I fall in love with Kate , Damian 's mother . """
tr	3	After introductions , I found out he had flown all the way from Kentucky to come to Astor .
tr	3	Nero nodded and Wang detonated the charge , blowing a circular hole in the roof of the building .
tr	1	' Then Mr Michaels laid the Two of Diamonds . '
tr	1	It resembled a cell phone without a display .
tr	1	Check on the proximity alarms in the woods ... ... .
tr	2	Especially my stupid mouth that suddenly opens and lets my whole world spill out .
tr	3	There was no sign of any of the servants , so it had to be very late .
tr	3	As it was , it would still take time to raise the water back to normal level .
tr	2	"And I 'm not sure if we should even be doing it . """
tr	4	I heard the dead boy laughing through his opened throat and -- I won 't lie -- I wet myself .
tr	2	They both watched silently while I headed for the Monet and took the painting down .
tr	1	That in itself I found very odd at the time .
tr	3	""" Born March 18th , 1984 , son of Captain Samuel Bender , USN Deceased ? """
tr	0	All types were getting involved in it .
tr	3	she asked after a long pause and I nodded in reply wondering how she knew my name .
tr	5	If anyone felt they had a problem come and see me for now was the time to make it known and ask for a transfer .
tr	0	"Don 't let them see us . """
tr	1	I stared from him to the woman in the blue gown .
tr	3	"no point in that , "" said Jimmy , "" shoot him in the other knee please . """
tr	2	He 'd been laying down , his head in Josie 's lap .
tr	4	They 'd weathered the storm although Gema had had her problems once they returned to the barracks at Bradbury Lines .
tr	3	He sat her back down , grabbed the bowl of water and splashed it in her face .
tr	5	He had a head full of thin , grey hair , deep set wrinkles over his face , and thin tight lips that appeared dried and cracked .
tr	3	The ancient vehicle made its way through the night and stopped a short distance from where Taylor was waiting .
tr	4	The Grenadier moved around to Snow Job 's side and carefully sliced through the heavy plastic of the flex cuffs .
tr	0	Tears stung my eyes .
tr	4	After more than a generation of state-funded universal health care , everyone was now at the mercy of the health insurance companies .
tr	4	Given the darkness , and our waiting opponent 's anxiety , I trusted human nature to get the better of reason or observation .
tr	2	""" Lor ... Master Finan requires a few moments of your time . """
tr	2	""" Maybe we should go back and move the stove , "" Ricky said ."
tr	4	""" Yes , he is the son of one of the founders of the Olympus programme and my friend . """
tr	1	""" So , what gives , eh ? """
tr	4	Most major banks have become so entangled with the financial markets that even regulators are hard pressed to make distinctions .
tr	3	A pity , but so long as her brothers knew nothing of it , it made no difference .
tr	4	""" This is the only place where you can stay without having to show ID , "" he whispered in her ear ."
tr	1	""" I 'm going straight to the Roman Empire ! """
tr	0	And so he tried and it worked .
tr	1	Like the rest of the congregants , his eyes were closed .
tr	1	""" But it looks like they 're packing up , Da ."
tr	1	Not swollen from drinking too much liquid , but more muscular .
tr	0	I 'm not sure what to expect .
tr	4	He stood up , came toward the Prince , drew back a heavy booted foot , and smashed it into his chest .
tr	3	Theodosia touched her lips to her glass and put it back on one small glass table .
tr	0	I take a step closer .
tr	5	Darkness swirled in on him , and the last image he had was of the inside of a sack , sewed to look like a tablecloth .
tr	5	The bridge connected Interstate 30 on both sides so Taylor banked into a slow left hand turn into the general direction of the once mighty freeway .
tr	5	I had a long sprint ahead of me , in bare feet in the dark , and I was definitely not looking forward to it .
tr	3	""" You took me away from everything , I had ever known and used me like a pawn !"
tr	3	I tried not to look at anyone and kept my eyes forward , thinking about home .
tr	4	In truth , it was no less than what he had expected , if far less than he had hoped .
tr	5	He had to carry the big , funny-looking transmitter around , and the fewer eyes there were to see it , the better for Mac .
tr	1	But cheap hostels didn 't ask for copies of your ID .
tr	4	The man touched his son 's shoulder and motioned for him to move back a few steps and give her space .
tr	3	The article ended by noting the Park Service had no objection to the university 's plans .
tr	1	The Bastian leader 's tone was edged with steel .
tr	5	He could get by in the more precise subjects very well , but all these different languages and their literatures required a lot more study .
tr	0	Tony ... ... ... .
tr	0	I whipped open the closet door .
tr	1	A red phone that was never supposed to ring .
tr	0	"What do they need protection from ? """
tr	4	"Abby nodded , "" Yes , there should be a branch leading directly into this one from there , "" she confirmed ."
tr	5	But they probably hadn 't ever done anything like that ; Adda had probably never stepped on death 's doorstep , lucky to fall back off again .
tr	0	There was movement behind me .
tr	5	""" I expected that was coming , sir , "" Fannin responded thoughtfully , "" No , no , I don 't see how it 's possible ."
tr	0	I cry in the shower .
tr	2	A second later , a smoke grenade clattered onto the wooden boards .
tr	3	Clancy rose to his feet greeting his friend , eager to hear any news he could bring .
tr	3	' It was my father who issued the order on the Bastian side , ' said Victor curtly .
tr	1	Victory , when finally attained , is not courageous .
tr	4	Far below he finds the chest resting upon the raised column , and further down the large glyph which activated it .
tr	2	He roared with laughter and the men joined in , except Roberto .
tr	0	He too had noticed the approaching teens .
tr	5	"He continued , "" Over in Baltimore the crews always try to put off the worn out equipment for jobs down here in the country . """
tr	3	"When you have to "" go "" ... ... bury everything ... ... leave no sign ."
tr	3	The facilities were vast , solid , and most importantly made to withstand a direct nuclear strike .
tr	0	This had been Noah 's guitar .
tr	4	She was crestfallen at the very idea that she would be in this cold man 's presence for the next four months .
tr	1	""" Am I being insufferably ill tempered ? """
tr	2	"Evidently she stores food somehow then eats that during the winter . """
tr	3	All the nerves in my arms are numb and then , suddenly , spiky and electric .
tr	1	""" Oo la la , you look terrible ! """
tr	1	""" Tell me , have you seen Dr. Harland today ? """
tr	4	He started by taking over the Coast Guard station , recruiting those who had experience , and organizing a fishing fleet .
tr	0	""" I 've been promoted . """
tr	5	""" Chances are , this is the assassin who killed your father , and he was trying to finish the contract by killing you too ."
tr	0	""" Where are they ? """
tr	0	Carlos had reluctantly agreed to go along .
tr	4	Foliage crunched under foot as we wandered the paths around the institute , and each day carried on much like the previous one .
tr	4	He was able to keep some of the guards and staff around by allowing them to move their families onto the prison grounds .
tr	1	I haven 't been much of a dad lately .
tr	3	No it can 't be ... Gaia , forgive me , tears poured freely from my eyes .
tr	1	"Turning the corner ... "" Hello , 007 . """
tr	3	The stars are streaks , and the boy is a shrinking dot beneath the lamp light .
tr	0	"Honey and butter are right there . """
tr	4	Slightly bemused he sat down , but looked forward to the opportunity of watching the ' powers that be ' in their deliberations .
tr	5	Beginning to descend back to the ground , one of Ganondorf 's orbs suddenly rockets back at him , batted back at the warlock like a fastball .
tr	1	""" Och man it 's beautiful , "" said Robbie ."
tr	1	The wooden bar behind it gave away after a few kicks .
tr	2	""" I 'm sorry , son , "" he said to the unconscious boy ."
tr	3	"If everyone pulls their weight , we can build a community that will take care of everyone . """
tr	2	""" Well ... "" the ranger said , embarrassed to be watching the scene ."
tr	2	It looked at her closely through the holes of its feathered , sequined mask .
tr	1	""" I used to have a crush on her . """
tr	0	Reid looked at me with a frown .
tr	3	Another sign on the road told them they were only a mile from the town of Louisa , Kentucky .
tr	2	The sound of sirens filled the air in the distance behind us .
tr	2	""" Playing dead all these months , you are a hack , "" said William ."
tr	5	Inside he finds large room with a massive staircase leading up in front of him before turning one hundred eighty degrees to meet a doorway high above .
tr	5	The priest couldn 't tell whether their captors had expected them to burst from their prison ; he didn 't have time to think about it .
tr	3	I grabbed a strawberry tart , because prosecuting a spy makes one hungry , and continued my attack .
tr	4	I surmised that it was perhaps the mystery of their disappearance that caused concern and not the departure of the devices themselves .
tr	0	""" Can I watch TV ? """
tr	4	As a matter of fact , none of them had fired the weapons since they were taken from Fort Campbell .
tr	0	"Are you serious ? """
tr	1	Malcolm rushed across the room and punched Peyton in the gut .
tr	2	Gently , he laid open the first fold of the cloth , then the second .
tr	2	"I didn 't know what was in it -- all this stuff ? """
tr	0	He could see she was terrified .
tr	0	Where 's the link ? '
tr	0	Clearly this guy wasn 't going stop .
tr	3	""" Du n no yet ... ... ... ... I 'll think of something though . """
tr	4	""" It 's no different from getting around inside this crew compartment , "" Brad answered , still looking out the window ."
tr	4	""" Why don 't you go watch a movie and leave us dorks alone so we can think and figure it out ? """
tr	0	This was a child - a girl .
tr	4	The man was tall , bald , and very menacing in the long brown robes and golden rope of a Lesser Seeker .
tr	0	The problem will be Mr. Joe Public .
tr	1	A medium-sized town on the outskirts of Cochabamba .
tr	1	"I 'll take her into the forest . """
tr	0	The man looked around and visibly blanched .
tr	2	The woman who had held Valerian 's hands was the next to die .
tr	4	She and Simon , ever since they had discovered the letter , had avoided being alone together by tacit agreement .
tr	5	' I will be visiting the towns and cities outside of London over the next 2 weeks and making contact with our group leaders there .
tr	3	William stepped across the space between them , still wondering if this was real , and hugged Jacob .
tr	0	Warmth hung like a halo around Peyton .
tr	0	""" Yes , dear , you ."
tr	2	""" I hope you will understand why I acted as I did . """
tr	3	After shaking out the blanket Scott draped it over the bannister before returning to the office .
tr	1	Abby rubbed some insect repellent on everyone 's exposed skin .
tr	4	""" Or is it merely that you are prohibited by your position from telling me how many times a fool you think me ? """
tr	3	Chris tried to hustle his mother there quickly so he could grab something and then make himself scarce .
tr	3	All he could see , however , was a thin silhouette , blue from the sunlight behind it .
tr	0	""" All made from hemp ."
tr	3	, and how about a station there for me and my guests ( that was me ) .
tr	2	""" A fine tool for foraging , or a weapon , if need be . """
tr	5	A primal roar to dwarf all others erupts from his throat as an atomic blast of pure , evil force levels the entire section of town .
tr	1	For not telling you the truth from the start .
tr	4	Chris had approached Barney in a quiet moment to offer his gratitude , but the old man merely looked surprised .
tr	1	He was starting to like this place a lot .
tr	2	""" I am praying all the time that Dad comes back . """
tr	2	"It would be best if he kept out of her way . """
tr	1	Everyone turned to stare as she slipped through the door .
tr	4	""" I was trying to collate some data from the boarding parties and I want you to take a look . """
tr	1	This was my most embarrassing moment , for sure .
tr	5	""" Jake , most of what we need to find out seems to be located within a few feet of the surface soil of the marsh ."
tr	5	The brain 's ability to form new synapses and connective pathways diminishes and unless you have a serious injury , you 're stuck with what you have .
tr	3	He collapsed back onto the bed , his chest shuddering from the effort of his words .
tr	5	""" We 'll be back , "" he told the girls as Abby forced him out of the room while he was frantically trying to dry off ."
tr	2	""" My duty is to see that you are safe , I stay here . """
tr	0	Silence followed my words .
tr	4	""" O ... k. "" I wasn 't shore what he wanted to do , but I agreed , turning my back to him ."
tr	2	Mana moved and whispered something , and he forgot all about them .
tr	5	If before there was a slight chance of convincing his father that his behavior changed , now for sure his father would not go for it .
tr	5	""" You are more than welcome , you are all individuals and very special to me , "" Lisa states emphatically with serious uncompromising eyes ."
tr	5	Ricky indeed was devastated when his wife died ; he attempted suicide and ended up being in an emergency room after his neighbor called a police .
tr	2	Lonnie wanted to find out about how the kids got out of the cave .
tr	2	She was terrified , pointing at the machine and shaking her head in disbelief .
tr	0	"What about that necklace ? """
tr	4	Finan would accept such concern from her , as Adele well knew , but from Rafe it would be unpalatable .
tr	3	We have several Tennessee Valley Authority guys here who escaped from the east and worked at dams .
tr	2	Dishes are piled in the sink and reeking of dried spaghetti sauce and salad dressing .
tr	2	"I said , "" One bottle only take the rest back . """
tr	0	A pack of underwear .
tr	5	""" You can bet there 's a guard on the front door , though , "" John said , resuming his work on her cord ."
tr	1	Finn looked in the direction of the bedroom .
tr	1	Nancy nodded , but her whole body drooped .
tr	1	""" He shouldn 't be in the barn ."
tr	3	The ship was walking smooth on water , cutting the white waves of the blue crystalline sea .
tr	5	Unfortunately , the only steps that displayed this pattern were in front of various doorways and did not face the house where Simon was staying .
tr	0	I couldn 't agree more .
tr	0	I felt so ashamed .
tr	4	Streaks of silver lined her jet-black hair and her cloak ruffled in the wind revealing a skin tight , light armour underneath .
tr	5	Once Mana had been loaded from the cart onto the boat , the two men had pushed off from the shore and headed towards the big island .
tr	3	I blocked the latter with my leg , spinning with it into a round house that he ducked .
tr	4	The Elder was wearing a simple gray-green cloak with a soft brown tunic and loose pants tied at the waist .
tr	0	You and David should do the interview .
tr	1	""" He will be powerless to do aught else ."
tr	0	It wasn 't so bad .
tr	0	He began to give the agent instructions .
tr	0	She cared about him .
tr	4	Now , at twenty-two , he 'd already spent seven years in an English prison learning more than school could ever teach him .
tr	0	' And the others ? '
tr	4	SOCOM 's Command Center had just about sent armed men over to lock him up when he cut off their ghost walker support .
tr	2	And whatever they were , he didn 't have an answer so he just shrugged .
tr	4	Moreover , if Pedro 's good marksmanship was any indication , she would be a force to be reckoned with .
tr	4	Why hadn 't he taken one look at the pretty lassie in her pastel gypsy dancing skirt and realized what a lie she was ?
tr	5	In an attempt to prop up and hide , the true state of the economy dubious schemes were hatched , some with the government 's blessing .
tr	3	""" You wait on those benches there , and I 'll go and speak to the monks ."
tr	0	Respect goes to the last man standing .
tr	0	The cold blooded turncoat !
tr	0	""" You don 't know ? """
tr	4	The region was covered in hills -- not huge , mountainous hills but small ones , giving the grassy earth a rough texture .
tr	2	Despite this , the man was frantically trying to reload the weapon on his lap .
tr	3	But we 've been waiting for the results to come back before we could say for sure .
tr	2	He runs his fingers through his hair trying to tame the wild strands .
tr	4	"And there were obvious things , like I could recall my first conversations after my procedure the following day . """
tr	2	""" Please , identify yourself , voice unrecognized , "" it answered ."
tr	4	She thought of the disappointment on John 's face if she had to tell him tonight that there was no bread .
tr	2	Since then he 'd been too busy trying to save the world .
tr	2	""" Let your daughter lend some clothes to this poor girl . """
tr	0	""" What 's the history here ? """
tr	4	Because he was to be a mediator in a dispute between two Houses , he could not accept shelter within their villages .
tr	1	He walked fifty yards further and then back ... .
tr	2	He could not waste the time to travel the path he had once taken .
tr	4	The flames splashed against the windows on the back of the hotel , making the assembled reporters and patrons recoil in fear .
tr	0	Cinnamon dusted his shoulders .
tr	0	"It was too long . """
tr	0	That bolt 's freshly broken .
tr	4	Hands steady , he lifted a handful of oblong bullets from one pant pocket and began stuffing them into the gun .
tr	1	""" They 're fine , "" Gabriel waved away his concern ."
tr	2	Chris was named after his grandfather , but was too polite to mention it .
tr	1	It 's food and drink to a desert woman .
tr	2	""" It 's ok , "" she smiled and was off again ."
tr	1	""" You guys stay here , "" he instructed ."
tr	0	""" Anything I can do ? """
tr	4	""" It 's not going to be that simple , "" the Prince tried to explain , but he was cut off ."
tr	2	It was a skill that had come in handy in many of our past investigations .
tr	5	I walk in the lab , give the fluid to Nicola , and ask her if anyone has checked on our patients in quarantine today .
tr	4	""" We guessed right , "" he said , "" he got a bus in Larne and headed straight for Belfast ."
tr	3	""" I warned you not to watch anything in the future , "" he reminded her ."
tr	5	""" You were lucky you 've got a mate running the show , "" said Andy , sitting on the bed pulling his boots off ."
tr	3	""" They 've been searching for two days now , and they should be done soon ."
tr	5	Turning back to face the dark room , the boy feels certain he just saw a shadow move out of the corner of his eye .
tr	3	Directly in front of her , the small cottage sat in front of a truncated drive .
tr	3	"I think we 're going the wrong way , "" Callie was just trying to make me stop ."
tr	0	No neighbors or anything .
tr	4	Cursing himself , Neil peered over the edge of the cart and found that they had stopped on a beach .
tr	4	The drought , the crime , the hunger , the weakness , and the humiliation begin to well up in him .
tr	2	She had been rambling on for thirty minutes or more , completely starry-eyed .
tr	2	As the brainy sidekick , I 'm going to be the first to die .
tr	5	"I took some pre-med , er , preliminary medicine classes in college and I 've studied a lot about nutrition and herbal medicine on my own . """
tr	1	too loud , Victoria is going to shut this off !
tr	2	Some spiking as they make love , others a weak beat in sleep .
tr	2	Sidney stopped at the foot of the steps with all four animals beside her .
tr	2	""" I think I can answer those questions ... "" Kaylie submitted confidently ."
tr	1	"My heart of hearts will always belong to her . """
tr	1	"Well , we 'll consider it , "" Abby wrote ."
tr	3	Sidney took a step closer and looked at it then nodded as a big smile curled her lips .
tr	4	"She looked him in the eyes , "" We can handle it too , but if something happens to you we 'll be lost ."
tr	3	Looming above me was the royal palace , the perimeter fence directly in front of me .
tr	2	Must have been some natural ability I didn 't know I had .
tr	3	""" Think on it , in any case , "" Virgil said , emptying his glass down his throat ."
tr	1	Alejo cut him off , his whole body tense .
tr	2	""" Damian ... I want ... I want to apologize for the past days ."
tr	4	Simon , Miriam and Mana were doomed , and his parents and family would be prosecuted and turned out of their house .
tr	3	But I couldn 't stop the tears as I set all but one of the usual places for dinner .
tr	3	""" And what is so important that you have to remove my arm from my body , Alex ? """
tr	4	King began barking orders as Flaherty turned and walked over to where Lieutenant Head was talking to Captains Llama and Ghost .
tr	3	""" As staff , you are supposed to do everything possible to fulfill our spy experience ."
tr	4	""" I hadn 't thought of -- "" A crack from a pistol cut him off , and we wheeled to face the door ."
tr	3	Three SUVs and a jeep are lined up behind each other at the end of the road .
tr	0	Trae blurted out in quick reaction .
tr	5	She needed to be on the South Island , ticking off tourist sites and making her way to Christchurch and a flight back to the UK .
tr	4	The light continues to fade , the beams piercing through the tall windows lining the hallways growing longer by the minute .
tr	5	""" You 're just going to end up dying on some planet no one has ever heard of for reasons you don 't even know ! """
tr	2	Jimmy , on the other side of Josie , glared at Logan .
tr	3	"I just want to do some of my prep without my mother looking over my shoulder . """
tr	2	The knife stuck out of his side , and blood seeped through his fingers .
tr	3	""" Oh , come on ; you know I 'm just fascinated with history -- like you ."
tr	4	I looked over my shoulder , alarm twisting through my gut ; the steel arrow was almost out of the ceiling .
tr	0	There was no one place .
tr	5	Manuel knew he was thinking about the imp , though it didn 't seem that there was much chance they 'd find it still there .
tr	4	The spot would wear off with normal skin decay , but could be read by NET sensors for at least 72 hours .
tr	2	An ' right now , all tings bein ' equal , that would be you .
tr	5	""" If you were running a race , and you passed the person in 2nd place , what place would you be in now ? """
tr	5	""" Your ship ... or whatever ... is just in my range , but we need to get close and ... "" "" Wait ! """
tr	2	She walked out , the anger she felt earlier building up inside of her .
tr	0	""" You being looked after ? """
tr	5	Their awe had made him uncomfortable , so he 'd brushed it away by saying he 'd received extensive training as a child -- only partially true .
tr	0	Again he looked sheepish .
tr	1	Not a good sign that he split from his team .
tr	0	""" The tracks split here . """
tr	4	I couldn 't remember how many times we 'd needed to step out of the way of a cursing driver in Paris .
tr	1	""" Are you positive this is it ? """
tr	1	I had to show him we weren 't the bad guys .
tr	1	For decades he worked on his project in secret .
tr	1	I shivered a bit because the cliff towered over a lake .
tr	5	The first man recited it for him in the sing-song voice of a bird : The Raven shall kill the Ox The Kin will gain a throne .
tr	1	Life may have come apart at the seams for everyone else .
tr	5	The five of them immediately started scanning the area , two of them looking at the skyline while the others looked at the buildings nearby .
tr	2	The air is cool , and the stranger 's arms are strong .
tr	1	She covered her eyes when she began to cry .
tr	4	I mean , right when things are so awful , I actually feel that God knows what 's going on and it 's okay .
tr	5	""" But eventually , Rhode Island came around and joined the other states , so they saw the need for a Constitution , "" Vernon offered ."
tr	5	There were rumors circulating the palace about a coming change in the king 's location , but he couldn 't say if they were true or not .
tr	5	A terrible scream rent the air , a howling and tearing that resounded with the raw power of thunder and the piercing shriek of wind .
tr	4	"Reggie shook his head , "" Maybe eventually , but we 're not set up or ready for all of them ."
tr	3	""" There is power in belief , in will and in the words that we speak ."
tr	4	I follow his gaze up to the stars , trying to see what 's painting yellow hues into his aura .
tr	0	"First room on the right . """
tr	1	A soft howling cry erupted from her throat .
tr	4	He bent down and fished out the money from Miriam 's pinafore , as well as the biscuits and apples .
tr	4	"But until that day comes , I think it only fair we ask its current and legal owner what his wishes are . """
tr	2	I jumped from the chair like I had a rocket strapped to my back .
tr	4	By this time Anderson 's aide had finished scanning the document and whispered the general parameters of the treaty quickly into his ear .
tr	3	"Just to remind us that we have better things to do than kill each other . """
tr	4	The early morning sun climbs higher into the sky and Rift realizes he has already wasted too much time searching .
tr	2	""" Now that we 're sisters , can I ask you a question ? """
tr	0	Mark considered that for a moment .
tr	5	"Uncle Jeff laughed , "" Or you just don 't know how to think because you aren 't willing to take the time to figure it out ?"
tr	4	We were twenty feet from the mouth of the alley when a squad car suddenly braked in front of it .
tr	0	She reminded him of his mother .
tr	3	""" I don 't want to die , so I 'm going to have to kill you instead . """
tr	3	For me he was the flirty coworker and loyal friend -- or he acted like it .
tr	5	Clinging to his music box , the boy finally climbs to his feet and sprints across the narrow path to the center of the room .
tr	0	""" Well , thank you ! '"
tr	4	"I was taking a walk , but I 've been gone for a long time now and it 's staring to get dark . """
tr	5	""" Well I 'm very grateful we have you around to open all the tricky doors , "" the girl responded , elbowing her way past him ."
tr	0	"You know what I mean ? """
tr	3	""" We didn 't plan on giving you any in the first place , "" shot back Logan ."
tr	3	""" The sands of Cape Cod reveal their secrets in their own time , "" Cobb said ."
tr	2	""" ' Tis a private matter that Lord Rafe wishes to attend to himself . """
tr	5	""" Well , I might not be very good at making you behave , but I do know a café where they sell very good chocolate cake ."
tr	3	The hallway outside the apartment was deserted and the rooms were as I had left them that morning .
tr	4	The curls were already escaping from the braid around her face , and her legs seemed to be rapidly growing longer .
tr	1	""" Pants on fire , "" Gabe calls out ."
tr	3	God didn 't make us equal ; God made us noble , and God made us peasant .
tr	0	""" Yes , mother . """
tr	1	""" Do you hear me , Rafe ? """
tr	0	See you guys on the tee ... .
tr	3	This was new , and Taylor had a suspicion that it would not be the last thing this evening .
tr	3	Then before hypothermia set in , I would rush down to the kitchens and let in the vengeful horde .
tr	5	""" If I wasn 't an agent -- "" "" You 're needed -- more than ever now -- with Rick gone , "" he cut in ."
tr	2	Alejo glanced sharply at his friend and then back at the road .
tr	0	Roberto liked what he saw .
tr	0	I walked right into a big somebody .
tr	4	He shouted for the soldiers to form a ring around the edges -- they could feel it , even if only he could see .
tr	3	The rock was wrapped with a small slip of paper , a leather strap holding the message in place .
tr	4	I grab my purse and turn in time to catch the last vestige of a half smile leaving his lips .
tr	5	You wouldn 't be able to resist the desire to drink it all , it would be hardly possible for you to stop half way .
tr	3	At first , he could not comprehend the papers , or his new title as land owner .
tr	0	The man went on .
tr	0	' How did you know Strauss ? '
tr	4	An arrow screams past his head , fired from some shadowy enclosure amongst the trampled buildings lining the main street .
tr	3	"Brazen was silent for a moment and then said , "" No , I 'm not ready ."
tr	1	Because now the boy knew : none of it really mattered .
tr	4	""" George this is serious business , the loss of that ship could mean more people are going to die ."
tr	4	"The road gods ' idols in particular are poorly maintained and thus their wishes are far from clear here . """
tr	2	The question echoes in my mind then turns its fangs on me .
tr	2	I felt the rope go taut and pulled hard to take up the slack .
tr	5	It didn 't go off , he and his wife were just waiting for it to shut up , but it kept going and going .
tr	1	He also caught a glimpse of Arthur Cobb .
tr	3	A pack of urchins bolted past Claudio as they chased a dog , laughing all the way .
tr	1	""" I admit , that will be a challenge ."
tr	3	Taylor thanked his stars for the lucky fact that there used to be a male occupant in the house .
tr	2	Her hair was long and jet black , hanging below her waist .
tr	1	He spotted the empty tray long before he reached it .
tr	3	"Just hold them off for a while , and I 'll try to get you some help . """
tr	1	I hurried over to the bridge port bridge wing .
tr	5	Now , Grandpa is the only family I have left , and I 'm not going to let these monsters take him away from me too .
tr	4	Haus 's wild cackle reached my ears as I sailed over the railing of the fire escape and dove into the river .
tr	3	It 's on its own mesh net and I have full access , including all the on-board security systems .
tr	5	Disconnecting their identities should have helped ; he 'd erase the video evidence and hope anyone tracking them wouldn 't have time to dig further .
tr	4	He tried cleaning it off on his shirt and after a failed attempt , shrugged and put it in his bag .
tr	0	' I was there . '
tr	2	""" OK , class , let 's try to answer all of these questions ."
tr	0	"You got ta see this ! """
tr	4	Heck , I only sent him on that all important mission because he was the only officer around at the time .
tr	4	The night was still and calm as they heard him slowly making his way down , rocks rolling out from under him .
tr	4	Now that the action has subsided , the room has grown extremely dark , all of the torches having been plucked off the wall .
tr	0	""" And what would that be ? """
tr	3	On the right an extremely neat , well organized work bench with tools hanging on the wall behind .
tr	4	""" That makes sense - if he regenerated tissue , the neural patterns left by experiences wouldn 't be there . """
tr	4	Five down ... a few more came at me , I sharply rapped the batons across their faces sending them down quickly .
tr	5	Though laws are aimed initially at a small number of individuals , they usually in some unforeseen way come to restrict the innocent majority as well .
tr	2	He struggled for words this morning , but accepted the responsibilities as property owner .
tr	1	I went to investigate and took a few men with me .
tr	2	""" Robbie , you and I take the first watch ... . ."
tr	4	"He can take this shape at will , the greatest of wing to ever soar the skies of the world . """
tr	0	More importantly how would it end ?
tr	0	He had to be here .
tr	3	"Topic on the table and the reason you 're here David is Tony Wei and Portland Place . """
tr	5	Miriam stole a peep at his face and saw that he was doing the same thing as her : trying not to look at the men .
tr	3	""" Come on , girls , "" he said softly to the others , and they followed ."
tr	1	Two close friends of his have been murdered recently .
tr	0	' I think I should drive . '
tr	0	I 've never told this to anyone .
tr	0	Those days were hard on my lady .
tr	0	The floor creaked right outside my door .
tr	0	They have flashlights and whistles .
tr	1	Jennie looked angrily at George who shrugged his shoulders .
tr	3	Morrie sat at a rekindled fire , boiling something sweet in a pot , perhaps morning tea .
tr	2	I couldn 't breathe in the stuffy palace , so we went outside .
tr	2	Donovan sat down next to her on a log rolled up to the campfire .
tr	2	"You must tell me about your achievements last term , "" she said ."
tr	1	I mean was he my friend or not ?
tr	4	Although the country was decrying her family 's name , and her husband had become a fugitive , she would not despair .
tr	0	The first two had arrived by boat .
tr	5	The dead crewman appeared to have been killed instantly by cannon shot to the chest , but he was not the sole source of the gore .
tr	3	""" I 'm Shannon , "" the amazing creature said , holding out one perfect hand towards Stalin ."
tr	4	the Prince asked dubiously , eyeing the razor sharp edge and remembering what Leah had told him about the metal .
tr	2	We must hurry on if we are to make this pass successful .
tr	0	""" You lost me . """
tr	2	"When the two stood , Chris said , "" You know Sarah , right ? """
tr	0	""" And some mead . """
tr	3	He climbed over the back seat into the cargo compartment and started digging for his prized equipment .
tr	1	Minutes later , we trudged up to the gate .
tr	4	Her question was politely rhetorical and the attendees moved to their seats as a complicated Gantt chart appeared on the screen .
tr	3	""" Yes , sir , "" said Beau , not sure if he believed what he was hearing ."
tr	3	His fingers tap , tap , tap the glass as he gathers himself , tries to push through .
tr	5	' My officers at three of our Containment pens had three visitors who claimed they were businessmen who had been kidnapped and threatened earlier that evening .
tr	0	' Are you guys okay ? '
tr	0	The two continued their walk in silence .
tr	4	""" You will learn all you can from this , master Toby , and with that attitude it will be . """
tr	2	' It 's bad , ' said the immortal with a firm nod .
tr	3	She could still not be sure ... there was no proof ... ... the doubt still lingered .
tr	5	Pakistan quickly joined in the fray declaring war on India who responded , in kind , throwing all her might against her troublesome Muslim neighbor .
tr	1	He couldn 't think of a better one either .
tr	1	And he was going to have to face them .
tr	0	""" It just went bad ."
tr	4	My jaw tensed and my teeth ground together as I held back the urge to vomit all over their feet .
tr	2	Nurse Edwards called as she ran down the corridor toward the elevator .
tr	3	He almost smiled to think about that , wondering what sort of lives they 'd make for themselves .
tr	2	He just didn 't get it , far too cerebral for him .
tr	5	The driver sealed the window shut with a soft hiss , and then slowly pulled across the grass to leave them closer to the heart doors .
tr	3	Miss Jackson led me to a high , rocky bluff and we crouched down and looked over .
tr	0	I shook the memories away .
tr	5	"A long pause and then , in a more composed voice , "" One month later , Ruben ended up in a ditch , dead . """
tr	0	Would Malcolm do that ?
tr	5	All three of them were happy just to be out of the castle for at least a little while , with nothing to worry about .
tr	3	""" Yes , sir , will do , "" Stone slowly mumbled into the dead line ."
tr	1	A girl 's jacket lay across a worn plaid loveseat .
tr	3	""" Yes we can , because , uh , because you could use her in your research ."
tr	4	He repeatedly played the tapes over and over hoping to see something that would explain the ' why ' of everything .
tr	4	I don 't think to hide my shock , because I don 't understand how this could have happened to him .
tr	2	I closed my eyes briefly , already suspecting who it was going to be .
tr	0	""" I used to date him . """
tr	4	Nathan had to stop and get control of himself , thinking for a minute that he was going to break down in tears .
tr	0	After a while she nodded hurriedly .
tr	3	He remembered from his night of Internet sleuthing that ships of this age often had two layers of planking .
tr	1	' Tell us about Germany , ' he said finally .
tr	0	Reid 's eyebrows rose .
tr	0	I close the lid of my laptop .
tr	1	Misty Rowling and Bill Foley were there too .
tr	0	That last sentence was muttered .
tr	0	Where is he anyway ?
tr	2	That meant I had to follow a guy in a soccer uniform .
tr	5	As I look back I suppose I did so because I was ready to forgive them anything so long as it got me out of there .
tr	1	I get so aggravated when I hear stories like this .
tr	2	Toby stood , holding his finger to his lips , motioning to be quiet .
tr	5	I should let you know we 're looking for another place to live and from what I can see there 'll be a rent hike . '
tr	3	I wondered how long it would be before I started to experience symptoms of the infection .
tr	4	A massive tombstone , visible through the large gate , stands as testament to the defenders of the royal family .
tr	3	If he was to be pestered for the rest of eternity , he was going to get angry .
tr	4	Those filthy things she wore could not be comfortable , certainly not the coat on bare skin , but she slept just fine .
tr	4	After walking into the coin shop , a man stepped out from the back office to greet him at the counter .
tr	0	""" Did you hear this ? """
tr	3	""" Do I even want to know how you got him to give up that information ? """
tr	4	He leaned up against the mouth of the tunnel and peered out , he saw no ground vehicles or tracks so he looked up .
tr	4	He spared a moment to look at Chet , whose eyes were the size of silver dollars and his mouth was hanging open .
tr	5	"When I was offered more money to work with your enemy , someone with real guts , it was an easy decision to make ! """
tr	4	He had added them up at least five times already , but he erased his totals and started to tot them up again .
tr	5	Kids are cute , kids are innocent , kids are the future and kids are also the most sadistic little buggers in the world to other kids .
tr	0	Footsteps on the gravel path .
tr	5	The soldiers surrounding them were shooting at the creatures in the dark , fell like a doll so they starting to run for their lives .
tr	0	""" Like what ? """
tr	2	"He got a six point buck last year , "" Kevin said ."
tr	5	In close combat with the knights who 'd already breached the front lines , the ogres didn 't have the maneuvering space to swing their hammers .
tr	4	The existence of Goddesses of creation , perpetually stained with a civilization 's anguish , rotates all the hidden pieces into perspective .
tr	3	""" You should be able to get done before I get back with donuts though . """
tr	3	He mounted the horse then realized he 'd have to ask one of them to untie the reins .
tr	1	Chilling horrors one stacked upon another until I became queasy .
tr	4	She knew the only thing she was likely to check out was the beach , and maybe a good book .
tr	0	"Tell me about the briefcase . """
tr	0	I threw the other leg over .
tr	4	They walked by several empty bins and then Kevin pushed open the double swinging doors that led to a wonderful dining room .
tr	2	""" Oh no ... No ... He didn 't take his phone with him . """
tr	2	What I was in dire need of was a bit of Hunter therapy .
tr	3	He heard the squeal of dusty brakes then heard a thud before another rifle shot rang out .
tr	5	""" Just being realistic , "" Harold smiled , "" only thing to do is enjoy each day and not stress too much over tomorrow . """
tr	5	An ostrich had wandered close , its head level with my chest and I reached out my hand , that tingling feeling coming on its own .
tr	1	The man seemed to sense Chris 's unasked question .
tr	5	It was a simple thing , made of wood and rope that was coated in tar and resin to provide a steady footing for horses .
tr	5	Apparently annoyed by the boy 's reluctance to be eaten , the warbling mass of muscle vomits him back onto the ground with a disgustingly slimy noise .
tr	0	Gabe turns his head in my direction .
tr	3	She struggled to turn her head to the right and laid her cheek against the cold gravel .
tr	5	Rushing to her side , he quickly lifts her into his lap , brushing the hair out of her face and praying she is still alive .
tr	5	Unexpectedly needing to twist his body to narrowly avoid a ruined archway , he flies all the way to the small room containing the next lever .
tr	3	Now , if you will indulge me a while , I 'd like to see your abilities .
tr	5	Meanwhile , one of the elderly women has been staring at Dane 's face , touching and feeling the burns he acquired after the crash .
tr	1	"The hunger , "" a voice says from far away ."
tr	4	He wondered how many centuries had passed since the light of outer day had filtered into that great hall through the open door .
tr	3	He saw Fuchs ' increasing involvement in the Faith as a hobby for the disillusioned , disenfranchised politician .
tr	1	"He cannot do anything else right now . """
tr	0	They all said yes , except Kaylie .
tr	1	A great black spot lay in the desert ahead of him .
tr	4	Two of the augmented fire teams assumed an all around defense on the roof while the third prepared to enter .
tr	5	Some of the green troops watched Elaina stumble and fall to her knees , her skirts and hair trailing out behind her like she was underwater .
tr	4	She stayed there for almost an hour her mind casting back to another life , another time , marveling at what time had done .
tr	5	""" First off , "" I said with a mouth full of cookies , "" there 's about five things wrong with that sentence . """
tr	1	Remember , all of this is work done in your thoughts .
tr	2	"It was my belief the Searcher would be the wielder of power . """
tr	5	Also , the moon was full , and even down under the shadow of the great canopy of trees some of the light filtered through .
tr	0	The sights were strange .
tr	0	""" Resume flirting mode . """
tr	5	"Most of all he wants to have fun and be silly and play and bask in the good feeling moment and appreciate and he loves everything . """
tr	4	I couldn 't keep training like this or I wouldn 't be able to walk to the Extravaganza finals the next day .
tr	4	"It appears to be buried by perhaps two to four feet of earth , but it leads to the next picture . """
tr	0	I murmured almost to myself .
tr	5	His limbs felt like lead and his heart torn to pieces , but he forced himself to sit up on the edge of the bed and breathe .
tr	2	"We will be off so that you can continue with your voyage . """
tr	5	No , my friend , they took one look around , saw the writing on the wall and started murdering each other at an insane rate .
tr	2	I want you to know , too , that we can help your family .
tr	5	Reflecting the sun 's light in a beam twirling to the ground , the medallion of spirit is snatched out of the air by a dark hand .
tr	3	""" Keeping a sharp eye out towards us , of course , as a precaution . """
tr	1	He turned her around as she whimpered from the release .
tr	3	The look he gave her was one of Trust me , and he gave her a rueful smile .
tr	5	How about we say that we all did what we thought was the right thing to do given the circumstances and leave it at that .
tr	5	Don 't travel during the day , because it is difficult to keep yourself hydrated , especially if you don 't have a lot of water .
tr	3	He had a need to be accepted which characterized itself so typically as egotism mixed with a deep insecurity .
tr	1	They couldn 't believe what they saw with their own eyes .
tr	3	A few lines about the eyes but her hair was still lustrous although now it was cut short .
tr	0	"I am starving . """
tr	0	""" But you have a Bible ."
tr	1	' I don 't know the answer to that either . '
tr	4	"He said , "" Let 's put these damn hamburgers on , and just pretend it 's a big juicy porterhouse ."
tr	5	At the bottom of the page , a black and white photograph depicted the principal actors and the director posing with famous local patrons of the Arts .
tr	1	I am the worst missionary in the world !
tr	1	""" Does she actually talk to them ? """
tr	2	""" You folk have been very helpful in our journey to this point ."
tr	4	""" Something about a man on fire running through her mother 's yard and setting the doghouse on fire , "" said Claus ."
tr	1	John pulled his plate back and picked up his fork .
tr	4	She could see a stone house on the far side but that was the only other residence on the lake .
tr	2	When he pulled his hand away , there was a trickle of blood .
tr	4	He was in the world of his mind , walking down the stairway as he proceeded towards the depths of his mind .
tr	0	He cannot be trusted !
tr	1	I would have to earn my keep somehow .
tr	1	The kind that settles just under the belly button .
tr	2	Chris told him of the trench and of the students digging for artifacts .
tr	2	""" But why did you have to go fishing so early ? """
tr	4	Some people couldn 't tell the difference between the boys , but she liked Cade a lot more than Corin .
tr	0	I was done lying .
tr	4	""" We 're going to need at least a few hours notice to shut this down , "" he finally said ."
tr	0	""" Guess what ? """
tr	1	he thought , already tired before the day had even begun .
tr	4	"David started to introduce himself , but he heard one of his machine gunners say , "" What kept you boys . """
tr	5	Instead , although the French units had fought , they had been of two minds whether to fight the Americans as invaders or welcome them as liberators .
tr	5	Sure enough , they were near the finish line for all of her running events and only 25 yards away from the high jump pit .
tr	0	Shivers rippled down my spine .
tr	2	' Wow , you sure told them , ' Anatole murmured with a soft whistle .
tr	5	""" Don 't give us any hippie nonsense , Bobby , "" Mike stopped his friend 's thought , "" now is not the time . """
tr	5	He might survive being in the middle of the gas , but he didn 't want to risk being inside the ship when it exploded .
tr	3	Every time Missy trotted her horse their horses followed suit and they bumped up and down without control .
tr	3	Rafe pulled back the coverings on the bed to see that the bandage was marked red .
tr	2	Jessica watched Anna practice handing off the baton for what seemed like a hundred times .
tr	5	She watched the older boy scoop her son up and the two playfully wrestle in the dirt before Fiona shooed them away from the fire .
tr	3	The door to the secretary 's office opened , Parnell 's aide , Thomas , leaning in .
tr	4	He didn 't consider himself to be particularly devout , but then , neither did his brother and he was serving at the Vatican .
tr	4	We joined them , yes , but they have been here for longer than living memory -- before the Empress came .
tr	2	""" They agree with you , "" Alejo scowled at the little gray phone ."
tr	0	My famous Coq au Vin .
tr	4	Probably know when you are reading these words are laughing or not taking serious what I say , but it is true .
tr	4	I took it to be a wolf at first , but the gleaming yellow eyes told me of my mistake .
tr	0	""" And the caretakers ? """
tr	4	I was relieved for Connie 's sake as one of the first things that had been done wast to raze the old motel .
tr	4	Still , Hyrule must embrace some degree of peace and stability before the prospect of defying age old custom is even considered .
tr	3	"After hearing the news , I 've no doubt you 'll agree with my proposed course of action . """
tr	4	""" Sorry , "" said Anderson , "" but you need to start three days from now at the latest ."
tr	4	"This is news too dire to be kept from him , "" he insists , giving her a brief hug ."
tr	2	""" You came through for me yesterday , big guy , "" she said quietly ."
tr	3	It was followed by a bloom of brightness between the trees behind and to the right .
tr	4	I walked to the steel door and stared through the oval glass port in the top half of the panel .
tr	5	Some minutes later , they arrived to the city , there was light everywhere , but through the speed they looked like askew streaks of light .
tr	0	Why did it really matter ?
tr	4	""" There comes a time Ethan , when every man has to accept the consequences of his actions and cannot hide behind others ."
tr	2	""" This is not necessary , "" he managed to grind out ."
tr	1	""" ' Always together , never apart ' . """
tr	2	""" Forgive me ; to which of your problems do you refer ? """
tr	0	They were well on their way .
tr	2	""" There may be only one hope for all of us . """
tr	0	""" They are looking for someone ."
tr	5	While their angry voices drifted from the other room , I crept across the floor , weaved between the pillars , and reached the hole .
tr	2	' What the hell makes you think I 'm going to leave without you ? '
tr	1	He wondered how Sarah 's parents were doing this morning .
tr	3	She stood on two wooden blocks nailed into the boards , leaning back against the tilted surface .
tr	2	""" And I wanted to say sorry for being a jerk the other day ."
tr	1	' But it never worked before , ' I said flatly .
tr	3	A thin , crimson trickle coursed down his neck and stained the collar of his shirt .
tr	2	In a splash of water , Jimmy suddenly sat up , gasping for air .
tr	4	He had known exactly what he would do : give a woman her death instead of the kiss she was expecting .
tr	5	""" My grandfather was a young boy the last time we had to fight off such an onslaught , and back then it was different ."
tr	1	""" Oh , yeah , well , "" he murmurs ."
tr	1	""" No , because I remember the important parts . """
tr	1	""" You 're supposed to stay with your group ."
tr	5	He surveyed the late afternoon crowd , looking from face to face , making quick mental calculations about who was about to have a lucky day .
tr	3	Gabe tries to laugh it off , but he 's quiet for a long while afterward .
tr	4	He tightened his scarf and zipped his coat against the chill as he walked toward the crowd gathered on the beach .
tr	4	""" The usual , "" she said , "" ipad , knives , guns and for back up : paper and pencils . """
tr	5	But when he looked at her and saw the hunger in her eyes he couldn 't bring himself to do what he knew he should .
tr	0	The stranger looked down at his chest .
tr	5	Given enough time , entire fleets would be ready , not only to defend Earth , but also to travel to Mars and fight the enemy there .
tr	3	He then pulled a small pistol out of his jacket breast pocket and another object from the side pocket .
tr	4	Any item they took that wasn 't in the basement with them was wiped down carefully to remove radioactive particles .
tr	2	They made their way to the southern edge of the small plateau .
tr	5	""" I obey you alone , Your Honor , "" he finally breathed as the sounds of screaming and tearing flesh echoed through the hall ."
tr	4	""" Good against Elementals , "" Leah responded , smile turning into a frown , "" but terrible against everything else . """
tr	3	That which had held him prisoner was now probably the only thing that kept him alive .
tr	3	He had put on a brave face for the university president while explaining what had happened .
tr	2	He looked away and strained his ears for any sounds from another carriage .
tr	1	"What kind of wood is it made of ? """
tr	1	I fixed breakfast ; we sat in the cabin and ate .
tr	4	"Now , if we flip it over ... "" The man did that , then pointed to a photo showing a clean version ."
tr	1	' Dear God , ' she murmured in a shaky voice .
tr	4	""" But I was shot , "" said Nathan sucking in his stomach and feeling an immediate wave of pain wash over him ."
tr	5	' We 'll catch another bus to Mum 's from the station , ' Katherine said as they descended the final road into the town 's centre .
tr	2	"There is a neighbour looking after the place , awaiting your return . """
tr	5	Pressing the back of his hand against his eye , the inverted Triforce glows brightly , turning his palm transparent and revealing a radically different setting .
tr	2	Ryan always accused me of being overdramatic -- of seeing things that weren 't there .
tr	2	He thought again of the crashing sound of what he had assumed was thunder .
tr	0	Something was not right .
tr	5	Now you can be good or I 'll bonk you on the head with this ... sounds like as good a use as any for it .
tr	3	he said with a helpless gesture and turned back to concentrate on the food in front of him .
tr	2	He figured he 'd get used to his new self , in time .
tr	3	But anyone behind us can only come in one man at a time , if they find this niche .
tr	1	""" I 'm in control , "" I whisper , awed ."
tr	4	The old man stared at me , his eyes reflecting my own perplexity at the most staggering fact in this whole affair so far .
tr	0	he exclaimed in broken English .
tr	0	And it wasn 't much .
tr	5	They 'd been in this country for much longer , and they had plenty of opportunities to start flying if not to take the test already .
tr	3	Then the tall barn door opened , but only at the bottom , like a pet door .
tr	4	""" I think that he can eliminate the ill , if he will not be alone or to be angry . """
tr	3	This has led to the circumventing and perversion of the natural course of government and has rendered it ineffectual .
tr	0	""" In here . """
tr	2	He headed for the spot he remembered waking up in the burnt wreckage .
tr	4	He knew he was engaging an enemy with over a century of experience fighting against some of the best navies the world had seen .
tr	2	"When you and I get married , you 'll be rich . """
tr	0	He had to smile when she shrugged .
tr	2	I walked around the glass walkway to the ' senior staff quarters ' .
tr	0	""" He 's still alive ! """
tr	1	Taylor enjoyed being the center of Lilly Ann 's creative fireworks .
tr	1	She shrugged off her sentimentality and turned to leave .
tr	1	""" I have absolutely no idea , "" he said ."
tr	3	"It was never a skill of mine -- that is about as far as I understand it . """
tr	2	A sheepish grin crept his face as he dove again towards his trunk .
tr	2	The more they argued , the more determined I became to find the truth .
tr	0	Keep holding myself back .
tr	2	"If Gabriel finds out , he 's going to have a cow . """
tr	5	Rumored to have escaped Seattle with Chairman Z , Sergeant Wilder had made it a personal mission to track the two down to face justice .
tr	4	A switch he never knew existed flips somewhere in the back of his mind as he gazes at the window into the void .
tr	1	They quietly marched on , enjoying the changing scenery .
tr	5	He didn 't want to finish the thought ; he and Rupert had been friends for years , ever since he became captain of the guard .
tr	0	"You 're nuts ! """
tr	5	"-- things before reaching back and heaving them over his head , moments later hearing them "" plunk "" as they fell into the murky waters below ."
tr	1	Mark stood only a few steps short of the dirty duo .
tr	3	""" OK George ... get the team sorted , I 'll send the chopper out tomorrow ."
tr	2	"-- won 't you come inside and have a proper drink ? """
tr	3	The minister of war urged us to continue our work and be prepared at a moment 's notice .
tr	0	The cord was too short .
tr	3	Miriam stared at her ; for some reason , she had never considered Mana having parents .
tr	4	The Prince ran for him , and as he came closer , he saw that the big man was working at a makeshift forge .
tr	0	""" Oh , man ."
tr	4	She had no desire to learn anything from this man , and didn 't dare risk them noticing the depth of her ability .
tr	5	As it was , the corner they stood in in the mostly empty receiving area was probably as secluded as anywhere else in the station .
tr	2	He watched them get out and walk to where he sat with Abby and Jessica .
tr	0	He checked the system again ... . .
tr	0	""" Think about it ."
tr	2	' Because you 're the only one who stands in our way .
tr	0	"Sit down now ! """
tr	0	""" Basement , "" Franks said tersely ."
tr	1	She had never imagined she would see him here .
tr	5	Having declined Houston 's suggestion , he prodded his horse forward , the thirty volunteers from Goliad that he had persuaded to accompany him following close behind .
tr	4	With a burst of horror , Neil recognized the huge guard who had accosted them the day of the first island tour .
tr	3	I 'll swim out first and pull anyone out who can 't make it on their own .
tr	1	It seemed a collective sigh came from the table .
tr	5	Moffett Field Mountain View , California July 3rd , 2026 Chuck belched in the empty boardroom , the heady scent of beer in his nostrils .
tr	1	""" Hi John , have you asked Lilly yet ? """
tr	1	He saw her sitting there , then paused .
tr	3	I 'd been checking up on the trackers and so far Peyton had been a very boring tourist .
tr	3	Adele discovered a lump in her throat that she was unable to swallow , so she nodded her head .
tr	2	"They were so very proud of you , the only daughter they had . """
tr	5	Mia wondered how strange it was that a guy had this kind of tea at home or how he knew which kind of tea she liked .
tr	2	Then early the next morning I had a crisis dropped in my lap .
tr	2	Rick leaned in , unbuckled Jessica and lifted her out of the van .
tr	3	I noted with some amusement that he placed Adele and himself between our group and Mercedes .
tr	2	John pushed his eggs around with his fork and did not look up .
tr	0	The apology was only a habit .
tr	2	The brightness faded and the sky returned to a bright Irish fall day .
tr	1	"Most of them probably got caught in there . """
tr	3	Cable news is just as much of a sham as most have become bias spouting only the party line .
tr	4	""" I promise that as long as I am in your captivity I will not attempt to contact the Empire again ."
tr	5	It became a bane to ordinary workers on both sides causing rising unemployment north of the border and creating virtual slave labor camps in Mexico .
tr	1	We followed the faint tracks and came to an empty chamber .
tr	4	The Prince sat up straighter , but her strategically placed cloak made the motion useless : he still couldn 't see a thing .
tr	2	He paused , feeling that his omission of certain facts was only wise .
tr	1	She gasped , placing a hand on his arm .
tr	5	Upon entering , visitors were typically shocked at the stark contrast of modern glass walls , chrome handrails and bright white tile floors on the cavernous lobby .
tr	4	The bird was flying about twice the height of the tallest trees when the door on one side opened and a man fell out .
tr	1	""" No such thing as luck in that contest ."
tr	5	From time to time we 'd go out and pull in more wood to rebuild the fires , but that was the extent of the excitement .
tr	3	He blew some ashes off the pile of papers he held and brought them over to the desk .
tr	5	Shortly before the adults ended their practice , a bunch of young boys made their way back to the camp and stopped at her side .
tr	0	Helen Spade teased him .
tr	2	He really liked this golf course although he had played many others .
tr	5	Her blonde hair flying in the late July breeze , she couldn 't get over how clear the air was here , how sharp everything looked .
tr	3	He handed her the glass which she gratefully took , drinking the cool water with one gulp .
tr	0	""" You can never reach the coast !"
tr	5	If Mr. Brewer wasn 't inside - and he sincerely hoped the old-timer wasn 't - he was going to be plenty angry about his barn .
tr	5	See , I found these reports in the news archives from fifty years ago of a gentleman who claimed to have come through this area .
tr	3	However , it only occurred to him now to wonder what the impact had been on Rand 's life .
tr	3	The light flickered on an off again and again as they stood and unmeasured time passed .
tr	2	Eda jumped as she heard Rand 's voice , low and close to her ear .
tr	3	This nurse was smaller and thinner , but she smoothed his forehead in the same way .
tr	1	"I said , "" Good send for him right now . """
tr	1	His boots seemed mere feet from going over .
tr	2	This was the legacy future generations would be left to ponder and debate .
tr	5	The vehicle slowed down as it went by the building , went another hundred yards , turned round and came back disappearing back down the street .
tr	5	They were used to taking what they wanted , even by force , but when injustice was done by the rich , they could not fathom it .
tr	0	Everything about him was a lie .
tr	2	She quickly unscrewed the cap and began pouring water into her eyes .
tr	5	He told her everything that had taken place that evening and asked , ' do you want to go along with me on this ? '
tr	3	' You look like hell , ' said Reid as he manoeuvred the car into almost nonexistent traffic .
tr	2	Riki ran forward and began dipping her hand in the various plates .
tr	5	""" I do hope that isn 't the engineering officer , "" Kennedy murmured quietly as the enemy captain struggled against the two humans holding him ."
tr	5	To my right at the perimeter of the contest , Malcolm moved closer to us , slipping in and out of the crowd like a stealthy predator .
tr	0	Josie turned to face her friend .
tr	5	If you had someone who cares about you , you wouldn 't go with me and you would have protested at the latest in my car .
tr	5	""" Okay , okay , just give me a second here to straighten up a smidge "" I said while picking my toaster off the carpet ."
tr	2	' Why on earth would I want to sack my Deputy Housekeeper ? '
tr	0	My shirt is off .
tr	5	He left and found Katherine and Amy by the bar starting their first glass of dry white and stopped ten feet short to admire them .
tr	0	They asked about you .
tr	5	He fixed himself a bite to eat and then sat in his chair for a while , carefully going over in his mind everything he knew .
tr	2	"We need to tightly control how this proceeds and tightly control how it ends . """
tr	4	Feeling sleepy , Toby stretched back into the sofa thinking how strange and exciting visiting the lab this way had been .
tr	0	""" Oh , how touching . """
tr	2	he barked the next order His men looked at him in horror .
tr	4	Alex explained what she had seen in the video over the next few minutes while Anna was getting ready for the 4x100 relay .
tr	3	""" Cody is going to help sort the animals and bring them to us for the scanning ."
tr	1	"Course where the hell would it be going ? """
tr	4	"Rick glanced at the girls and motioned them all to start walking , "" Yes , we need to go , please ."
tr	1	Secondly , I think I just got the job .
tr	2	The cook muttered beneath his breath before going below to accede to their wishes .
tr	0	whispered Olmec , cringing back .
tr	0	Nothing in sight ... .
tr	3	Almost angrily , she banished the image and forced herself to slow him down to a brisk walk .
tr	0	""" I do ! """
tr	0	""" He was my teacher ."
tr	3	Everyone in the world who gets to not know about angels , who doesn 't have to be one .
tr	2	The women love me in this suit and I 'm milking it .
tr	1	' Can 't you just download all of it ? '
tr	5	I remembered the days when all a girl had to do was bat an eye and show a little skin to make money problems go away .
tr	0	""" What really happened ? """
tr	4	He would let him rest for a short time , but they would have need to travel again this evening .
tr	0	"An ' punishment has been decided . """
tr	0	""" It 's hideous . """
tr	2	"I didn 't think it was an ' either or . "" '"
tr	4	While we were both wearing black , this man possessed a plume on his hat , a signature of the royal guards .
tr	5	""" It took the local warlords about a month to figure out the weakness of the force and how restrictive their rules were , "" he said ."
tr	5	Abby yelped as she jumped up and scrambled over the edge , causing Kaylie to choke on a tidal wave and Alex to stand to avoid it .
tr	3	""" You 're welcome , "" Mark replied , turning to go get Josie 's motorcycle ."
tr	3	"Is he trying to make it less addictive so they can sell it on the mainland ? """
tr	0	""" All right . """
tr	4	I can take no more of the man 's unctuous voice and , praise God , I don 't have to .
tr	5	""" That would mean that Lady Adele would be present , and I do not think ... "" Rafe slapped a hand to his head ."
tr	2	Stand there and watch now , while I fulfill the destiny of your handsome friend !
tr	0	""" What 's that ? """
tr	2	The two girls glowed with pride as they hurried to the console .
tr	0	""" But I know this much ."
tr	2	"Well , I 'm younger then you with one year ... 21 . """
tr	4	""" Sit down , "" she grunted , catching his by his wrist and pulling his down on her knee ."
tr	0	""" Hush , Margaret ."
tr	2	""" I got there in 1952 and stayed for a few years ."
tr	4	"Sometimes simple faith is the only thing that stands between us and darkness and I wouldn 't have it any other way . """
tr	3	"Cut out the crap of "" ask your doctor if X is right for you . """
tr	2	Frankie 's legs twitched like he wanted to bolt and avoid the confrontation .
tr	1	It was pulling away when I reached it .
tr	0	Pierre , his second-in-command , asked .
tr	2	A young woman cowered behind a parked van a few yards away .
tr	2	""" No - they 're both in flight mode , "" Josie answered ."
tr	4	I watch his aura lose its peaks and eddies as he yields to exhaustion and drifts into a heavy sleep .
tr	3	Maria stepped forward , lifting her shotgun to her shoulder as her husband had taught her .
tr	1	Your daughter attacked me earlier with her zapper .
tr	3	There were thumps as doors were flung open , followed by the crashes of furniture overturning .
tr	5	""" Yeah , it would have to be at night when the hospital is quiet , and there are fewer staff who could see us ."
tr	5	When the glasses were full she moved hers to one side and , unseen , poured its contents into an empty food dish that was standing nearby .
tr	2	He felt her arms go around him and felt her shoulders tremble .
tr	5	Ted and Melody wound their way through town on the way home , retracing their steps and retrieving gear they had discarded along the way .
tr	3	The shiny books Stalin saw lined up around this bookstore seemed to be about anything except Christianity .
tr	2	"There was a short pause , and he said with satisfaction , "" Excellent ."
tr	2	Sun beams danced across emerald green waters , the light almost blinding in its radiance .
tr	4	' I think we should tail him first , find out whether there are others with him , ' I said with a shrug .
tr	2	"Why yes , I did get kicked out of the Louvre . """
tr	2	Taylor shook his head , still in shock , and stepped closer to the aircraft .
tr	3	He stood in the glory of its light and allowed the energy to feed his being .
tr	4	He slipped on a bar of soap in the showers and landed on a toothbrush , a very sharp toothbrush ; very careless .
tr	3	Chapter 13 : John Kisses Good The next morning Lilly Ann was in especially high spirits .
tr	3	"Sam was walking the dock he said , "" GW I think there 's water already here . """
tr	5	I 've raised enough corn in my life to know that taking food out our mouths to put in our tanks is a dead loser .
tr	2	In fact , he was surprised to note that he felt nearly joyful .
tr	2	' The bartender mentioned a name at the canal last night , ' said Reid .
tr	0	Barney was always careful what he said .
tr	4	He weaved his way past a stopped cab and raced across Lexington , driving straight into an underground parking structure .
tr	4	""" You know why I have come , "" he growls , having no patience for some pathetic form of resistance ."
tr	1	""" I have a medical kit , "" he said hoarsely ."
tr	2	Chris assumed the number corresponded to a location on the map where it was found .
tr	2	The opposite of the jittery nervousness and uncertainty that is the clay of Maya .
tr	4	The corridor beyond was carved out of rock and lit eerily by flickering flame torches sitting in metal brackets on the walls .
tr	3	""" Right , "" he frowned , "" so what is all of this good for ?"
tr	0	"He was not . """
tr	2	""" Did you come to the Rump the day the vessel was found ? """
tr	5	Although not overtly sexual , it made her skin hot and she was acutely conscious of Neal 's presence , despite the people sitting between them .
tr	2	""" How long will it be before the fever poses no threat ? """
tr	2	Beside the elevator , a stairwell door opened and three more suited agents burst out .
tr	5	I found him unconscious , left to die from his wounds by a group of the Empress ' men at the bottom of the mountains .
tr	3	He stood up , stretched , walked over to the window and looked across the courtyard to the barn .
tr	4	He got up , lit the lighter and handed it to Rob , who had a smudge of blood on his chin .
tr	4	""" You really helped me out , though , "" Rift admits , sounding especially sincere despite the unintentional insult ."
tr	2	"You will spend the rest of your lives in this city ! """
tr	1	""" We 're prepared for that , "" said Avi ."
tr	1	Fletcher to ensure he was unconscious , he was now ready .
tr	5	It was then that I began to wonder if nature hadn 't evolved humans as an accessory in this quest to overcome her own limitations .
tr	5	""" Maybe we 're going to get some sort of break , "" she said , "" it 's hard just waiting for something to happen ."
tr	2	"He swallowed hard , touching her face "" Things will be different there ."
tr	4	Panting , we continued ever onwards , the stairs spiraling around and around like a massive auger , throwing us skywards like abandoned earth .
tr	4	Sarah could feel her ten year-old son 's excitement in the seat next to hers even when she wasn 't looking at him .
tr	4	""" Take days to get him here and it might be a waste of time , "" Angela Compton chimed in ."
tr	0	In fact , know what ?
tr	0	""" Side effect ! """
tr	1	One man grabbed Nora , holding his sword under her chin .
tr	2	Double checking the trunk was locked he walked with Jennie into the lobby .
tr	4	He kicked open the door to their room when he got to it , now using both hands to keep Elaina upright .
tr	3	With his free hand , Alejo forced the girl 's face to tip backwards so he could see her .
tr	3	"The only way to help our own is to help fulfill the quest of the Searcher . """
tr	1	""" Cheer up , Finan , it may never happen ! """
tr	5	""" The Cobras we met in the In Between seemed to be on their way to carry out an attack like the one we saw in Azure ."
tr	0	No trace of a scar .
tr	1	Alejo 's mouth pressed together in a firm line .
tr	1	After Lucas could no longer be seen , Chris spoke .
tr	0	""" Is she your girlfriend ? """
tr	4	""" If I recall your ideology , sir , shouldn 't you respect God 's anointed , not assassinate him ? """
tr	2	He reached the figure sprawled on the ground trying to regain its feet .
tr	2	And touching her finger to her lips , she glided from the chamber .
tr	5	Terry had the kitchen set up like an observation post and was online with each sensor on the property and in contact with each guard .
tr	4	Taylor DNA became a trademark throughout the Western hemisphere for superior breeding stock of all kinds of farm animals and vegetables .
tr	4	He didn 't say anything at first but ran his fingers through my hair to tuck it behind my ear .
tr	1	He closed his eyes and massaged his temples even harder .
tr	2	On my way to the Metro , I let the cool air clear my mind .
tr	5	One that he really didn 't know how to get out of and the blackness had taken hold of him and would not let go .
tr	1	That is , he supposed , unless the price was right .
tr	2	I was remembering how orderly , almost choreographed , my trip had been .
tr	2	You remember when you were looking at that stuff in the ' museum ' ?
tr	2	""" I really messed her life up , too , "" Alejo muttered ."
tr	0	""" Where are we going now ? """
tr	1	He palmed the rectangular piece and glared at me .
tr	4	He realized , if only from his sudden sense of relief , just how much pressure he had been working under .
tr	5	It lost its significance ; it was no longer a way to end the wrong , but became a further degradation to make us appear weak .
tr	4	He took a deep breath then after giving the coyote another ear scratch , slid his arms under the wild animal and lifted him .
tr	5	Without any warning , a hollow , splitting sound broke from his right and the trunk of a large tree fell with a resounding thud .
tr	0	They 'd sure had this conversation before .
tr	5	She found a photo album , and had thought to herself that with a few exceptions there weren 't many women her age in it .
tr	0	""" Yeah , we know . """
tr	4	Me , even if I was dreaming , I blushed because I didn 't feel Damian 's dad , but Damian himself .
tr	3	"The boy looked uncomfortable , but he bowed his head and said "" Yes , Doctor . """
tr	2	"We will stay here and pretend that we are still working . """
tr	1	I am pushing my palms flat against the concrete roof .
tr	5	"The base , or at least the only group of manmade objects as far as I can tell , is the source of the pull . """
tr	5	I hated myself for the simple fact that I couldn 't say I love you to him , just because was not that powerful like Laurence .
tr	3	Together , they raced back to the house , away from the waves and silent stones .
tr	2	""" It might be a few days until I get an earnest brew again ."
tr	1	In my fantasies , this date was about me .
tr	3	"I have nothing to -- "" The door opened in the library , and Furnace bowed ."
tr	0	Gabe fiddles with the device .
tr	4	She slowly stuck her hand down into her tunic and pulled the necklace out , her cries changing to a gloating smile .
tr	3	He wondered if Freya and Kell would hear him scream , but there wasn 't time .
tr	5	""" We 're prepared to overlook any charges we could bring against you for desertion of your post at Fort Meade , "" said Butch casually ."
tr	5	But really what can I do when I knew that I was left alone in the Greek 's world , abandoned by my only safe source .
tr	3	' I have to say , my section hasn 't exactly had a lot to do with that . '
tr	0	The question surprised her .
tr	2	""" We 'll continue to look for him but ... "" How to say this ?"
tr	3	They were a little annoyed but not too surprised to see the camp abandoned at their return .
tr	2	""" Manuel , wait , let 's hear what is going on . """
tr	2	""" Yeah , he brings people hope and stuff ... "" "" Wow . """
tr	3	They had been on the run for days and it would be more difficult as their journey progressed .
tr	4	He knew he 'd get a better view of the fire from the rise at the turn of the road .
tr	0	"Let 's go up those stairs . """
tr	0	Sarah picked her plate back up .
tr	3	"I want you to give Ensign Sanchez a daily report on how things are going . """
tr	5	There seemed to be just two , a man and a woman , but she didn 't think they were the people in the van ... .
tr	0	I slipped in like a night shadow .
tr	3	Her prayers were answered and she wrapped herself around him and kissed him with joy bubbling over .
tr	2	""" Trust me , sweetie , "" Sarah said as she kissed him ."
tr	1	""" I was in her flat ... . ."
tr	5	"It is not finalized as of yet , but the Commission feels the importance of the findings warrant its early release , "" John said ."
tr	4	She was interrupted by the ringing of a red phone , on a stand by the front door to the apartment .
tr	0	Everyone will want to come .
tr	2	I was glad to see I was wearing some fairly new underwear .
tr	5	On the other hand , he thought , once he made that grade , his trips to the Rump would be fewer and far between .
tr	2	""" Isn 't it a saint 's own list I have meself ? """
tr	0	Everyone was running away from the building .
tr	3	I was rooted to his side , too scared to go , too scared to stay .
tr	3	In two hours her teeth chattered loudly enough to be heard clearly above the howling wind .
tr	2	Her hand went to her earpiece and she listened intently for several seconds .
tr	5	She quickly snatched it back and tried to calm him , convinced it was her own anxiety that had caused him to panic in the first place .
tr	1	The turquoise knit cap she wore slid over one eye .
tr	0	As for identification , nothing yet .
tr	5	SIXTEEN The Storm The following morning , Spike stood on Terri 's doorstep and pressed the bell , listening as the chimes resounded down the hallway .
tr	5	He was glad he could pick up his staff off the ground , but knew he could not withstand another attack like the one he just faced .
tr	5	""" If we 're not done in twenty minutes , we 'll talk Abby into taking you -- "" "" Yeah , I can take you ."
tr	1	""" Only at night , "" he said ."
tr	5	But Ethan would do what was required to keep her near in the hope that he could convince her that he was someone she could trust .
tr	1	His skin split open as blood seeped from his wounds .
tr	0	""" You confuse me , Captain . """
tr	2	The two of them retreated , silently making their way back to their camp .
tr	2	Beaten , broken , barely recognizable , he had lain wrapped in chains for millennia .
tr	5	Shoulder to shoulder , he would have towered over Seven but for now , he held his distance -- half unyielding wall , half spooked rabbit .
tr	2	A second man climbed onto the wooden jetty and looked around with evident interest .
tr	3	Any man could be killed for saying what he said , for being accused of saying it .
tr	5	He started me off with really vintage aircraft , all string and canvas , not only looking at them - but flying them as well .
tr	3	It towered above them and at the top was a spacious den of wattle and daub .
tr	2	Like the others , Brendan had drunk too much and was still asleep .
tr	1	""" Yeah , this is pretty scary , "" she confessed ."
tr	0	""" Soooo , "" Malcolm drawled ."
tr	5	His teeth were white and probably false but the smile was so genuine and happy that she couldn 't help but grin back at him .
tr	4	He tried not to think about the fact that David was over there somewhere , perhaps bleeding and hurt , maybe dead already .
tr	1	"We 'll get to the bottom of it . """
tr	3	"It 's not like you can walk back and forth across unless we have holes in it . """
tr	0	Dad 's silence told me everything .
tr	5	""" You will understand everything in due time , "" the chubby chief replied to John and then moved his gaze to Megan and Bradley ."
tr	2	Maybe they 'd returned for their sweaters before going back out to dinner .
tr	5	""" Alright , I get your point , "" Hank murmured and , apparently regretting this last inanity , repeated , "" I get it ."
tr	2	""" There is nowhere that I would be safe from him ! """
tr	4	We settled down and waited for the partygoers to pass out and mused on who they were having for dinner tonight .
tr	2	Gabe would shoot me , but wouldn 't it be worth it ?
tr	5	As a result , it was possible to climb up to the highest point within the Alamo and look toward the east - towards Seguin 's ranch .
tr	2	' Red Arrows move over , there are new kids on the block ' .
tr	5	I was already so close that she could see me without turning , and when I stood right next to her , I saw ... you .
tr	1	""" Josie ... "" Mark thought about it for a moment ."
tr	1	""" Who 'd have thought to find a city here ?"
tr	2	He 's rocking a heavy gold watch on his wrist that glitters under the sun .
tr	0	""" I 'm Mark ."
tr	0	He bent closer and explained his solution .
tr	3	A second later , I was behind the desk , Lacroix 's gun still gripped firmly in my hands .
tr	3	The world has destroyed itself and here the ragged remnants are trying to do it again .
tr	4	""" There 's a Caesar in all of us , boy , and we must render unto him what is his ."
tr	0	His flushed face was close to mine .
tr	3	With these simple words she slipped a plain wide band of silvery metal onto Taylor 's finger .
tr	5	But soon , he knew they will go for Veron 's throne and during the course , he and Thompson family won 't be safe .
tr	0	This was a half-truth .
tr	2	The explosion and the crater in the parking lot were attributed to a gas leak .
tr	5	""" For those of you who haven 't met him yet , Frank Bender is our project manager , "" she said as she sat ."
tr	5	He laughed openly at her stammering attempt to explain the phrasing , pleased to see her finally surrender to the humor of it and smile .
tr	0	""" That man is beautiful and young ."
tr	0	And he kept them busy .
tr	0	The other boys followed him .
tr	3	He knew he had feelings for her but to what extent he did not want to admit .
tr	1	007 overrode his central control monitor to match Toby 's respiration .
tr	1	He goes into the bathroom , shuts the door .
tr	0	"I 'll be right back . """
tr	0	""" We will be in unfamiliar terrain ."
tr	1	""" What possible reason could he have for killing you ? """
tr	0	""" No problem . """
tr	1	"We 're not taking the car today . """
tr	0	As not okay as can be imagined .
tr	1	I scrutinized the lists on the screens with a frown .
tr	0	""" Show you ? """
tr	1	Okay , not quite the way I 'd envisioned this happening .
tr	4	Why they must remain segregated from the world of light due to the actions of their malevolent ancestors in past centuries .
tr	4	I smiled false , grabbing in my feast the sand and only God could stop me from throw it in his eyes .
tr	1	"Sam said , "" I hope , never . """
tr	2	Seemed to be that the depression putted its marks pretty serious on the house .
tr	5	""" It be an odd storm , "" Graves nodded , "" Have not seen one like it in all my days at sea . """
tr	4	""" People have already come to stock up and I don 't expect much in the way of deliveries , now do I ?"
tr	4	""" I am come to see what problem takes my son so long to resolve , "" answered Lord Brogan with a smile ."
tr	5	The boys quietly opened the door , went inside , lay the bundle by the doors , unwrapped it and quickly slipped to one side .
tr	2	I 've got more than a dozen years before I see one hundred .
tr	2	This would make matters worse if they were forced to travel quickly .
tr	2	"Persons of quality simply shouldn 't have to put up with such things . """
tr	0	Taylor tried to change the subject .
tr	4	The darkness began to close in on him again as he left the torch behind and continued down the hall .
tr	5	By the time John settled into the passenger seat the men had bound , hooded and gagged their captive who had now ceased to struggle .
tr	4	""" You know , I think the galley switched from grounds to crystals last week , "" the captain mused ."
tr	5	Even so , she received text messages from her sister several times a day , wanting to know where they were and whether her daughter was happy .
tr	3	They turned toward him for only a moment before deeming him no threat and returning to their game .
tr	2	""" She doesn 't need to know the details , "" Gabe says roughly ."
tr	2	His breath was warm on my face as his eyes raked over mine .
tr	3	I sought to move towards the stairway , but another man stepped to block my path .
tr	1	Her life would depend on her skill and alertness .
tr	0	"All , "" she said ."
tr	3	Flaherty shook his head to clear it and felt himself being hauled roughly to his feet .
tr	5	I had told him about the place , to prepare him , but I knew he would only appreciate it fully when he saw it .
tr	5	They had become close friends during their tour of duty and as Bud had moved up in rank , Ed had transferred to Special Ops .
tr	0	""" Kind of a sore point . """
tr	3	While there was no way to know for certain , the thought made Sarah feel strangely safer .
tr	4	""" I can make a mask , but you 're not paying this much for the job , you 're paying for privacy . """
tr	2	"This choice you must make for yourselves with no influence on my part . """
tr	5	An hour after that and Katherine lost Amy and herself in the hugging arms of more Saint Tropez friends than she 'd ever seen around the marina .
tr	1	I didn 't think it was a free ride home .
tr	1	Josie and Jimmy were already getting back inside .
tr	2	A few fiery rays of sun poked out from behind a tall red brick building .
tr	3	"Abe said , "" Their radars pretty primitive just could be they don 't even know were here ."
tr	2	""" Thank you , Captain , for everything you did for them . """
tr	4	""" I know , but let 's leave open the possibility of letting them go ... they may not be all bad . """
tr	0	"Let 's go . """
tr	3	Their enemy could suddenly arise and sweep them away as a hand that swats at a bug .
tr	4	""" In case you find it hard to gain passage , "" the man growled in his ear , "" try the Wave People ."
tr	2	Thirty minutes later , Malcolm and I stood outside the Notre Dame cathedral .
tr	1	Dad backed away with his hands in the air .
tr	3	""" At the end of his life he was convicted of treason on trumped up charges ."
tr	1	Maybe she had good reasons for not being around .
tr	0	""" And I 'm hungry ."
tr	5	He looked up , embarrassed , then rose and released his feet from the tangle of weeds that had caught them and brushed himself down .
tr	1	From a different call box he dialed a number in Belfast .
tr	3	The shapeshifter looked briefly at the control panel and the buttons lit up by Josie 's fingers .
tr	0	The agents began to fire their weapons .
tr	3	It 's so cold that , mostly , John and I stay indoors even in the daytime .
tr	5	He figured there was some kind of gene that turned on when you got older that stopped you from laughing at things that were obviously funny .
tr	3	"I said , "" Were spending all our time together , and I never grow tired of it ."
tr	1	Logan was hurt , and needed to go to a doctor .
tr	3	I drape myself across a wide branch above him and watch his energy slow and dampen also .
tr	3	Images of her locked in her room with barely any food made me dig my fingers into the ground .
tr	5	""" Don 't be so modest , "" Lilly Ann laughed , "" Wilbur has even you beat for most broken bones and life threatening injuries ."
tr	1	Chris nodded and made his way toward the stairs .
tr	3	Rather ceremoniously Wilbur raised up the propeller and slipped the metal hub onto the engine 's drive shaft .
tr	1	Lord Brogan lifted his hand in a lazy gesture of dismissal .
tr	1	His beard was trimmed up quite a bit , though .
tr	3	He tossed the handle aside and grabbed the edges of the door , forcing it open .
tr	3	"Yeah , so I 'm calling about the litter of puppies you advertised on Craigslist last week . """
tr	0	Who could know my name ?
tr	3	They both stood up blocking the boys from getting a closer look at the bikini-clad blondes .
tr	2	""" I want the little brown one , "" John said to his Dad ."
tr	3	After a moment of contemplating her face , he saw the guilt there and made the connection .
tr	3	Bethany cleaned and bandaged his wound with care as they waited in the snowy cold ditch for nightfall .
tr	5	In the few minutes it had taken to clear the enemy threat , the two men had died a horrible death in the nearly non-existent atmosphere .
tr	3	We have more attacks by the day and they 're getting as desperate as we are .
tr	1	He nearly jumped to his feet , then handed them over .
tr	2	The cabin was too confining and small for her to breathe properly .
tr	5	On any day at court Rafe would be found at the king 's side , discussing the things that were close to the king 's heart .
tr	2	Now she wished she 'd paid a little more attention to them at Georges .
tr	1	He claimed he was making sure it wasn 't bat poop .
tr	3	""" No , I cannot , Rick , "" she answered just as evenly as everything else ."
tr	4	Reggie was going to explain that this was a perfect time for a needed outage for maintenance and then move on to other topics .
tr	2	She was gibbering in the Stygian tongue , though in a dialect unfamiliar to her .
tr	2	"Dave kept yelling , "" We 're gon na get you ! """
tr	5	He had gone over every inch of the skin of the aircraft in the warm hangar and had the maintenance team repair minute cracks and missing rivets .
tr	1	We were halfway across the clearing when Reid gasped and fell .
tr	5	"I was soaked and it was hard work and I would hate to do it all my life , but it was a blast . """
tr	5	Julian was partially afraid that she was scared of whom he was , and that was the reason why she didn 't talk much about herself .
tr	4	The girl picked up her pen , thought for a minute , and composed a new paragraph in her mind .
tr	5	""" You don 't sound very convinced , "" Edie May observed , "" This can 't be an easy decision either way , right ? """
tr	4	""" He has done a clumsy job , "" criticized the princess , coming to the divan and bending over the bandage ."
tr	5	"Word spread through town faster than he could walk down the street -- "" General Austin has arrived to take command of the Army of Texas ! """
tr	3	There 's an older boy , like maybe twelve , sitting on the guy 's lap .
tr	0	John asked , holding his nose .
tr	4	""" Wait until Anna 's race is over ... "" A few seconds later , the gun sounded for the start of the relay ."
tr	5	It was a city of extremes , from high rises and modern office buildings to slums of abject poverty and finally to this upscale suburban district .
tr	1	She noticed a lone tea mug on the kitchen table .
tr	5	"Not as an attack , mind you , but every Republican pundit on the talk show circuit will start dropping that little nugget in casual interviews . """
tr	1	"Suddenly there she was ... in the window . """
tr	3	I tied the wheel , let it idle and jumped over the side into the canoe .
tr	5	""" I 'd rather find a way out of here under our own steam than learn what it is these chaps have in store for us ."
tr	1	Don 't try and get out of losing .
tr	4	"Guards took him , but when they came for me , "" he explains , the distant anger beginning to swell in his tone ."
tr	2	Simon opened his mouth again , but he obviously decided not to reply .
tr	1	a man called from a few rows back .
tr	4	""" I think we probably will , "" answered Nathan a little amazed at the resources Butch was willing to push his way ."
tr	1	Her body was rigid as she stared the Falcon down .
tr	5	She thought of leaving , but by the time she had decided to follow them to Idaho , ' the Pulse ' had removed that option .
tr	4	Most startling of all his revelations was that it really had turned out to be the key to a time machine .
tr	4	Cut just beneath his rib cage , the boy cries in pain , reeling from the endless onslaught as he clutches the wound .
tr	4	""" Breathe , "" a voice said to him , a scared voice but one with a steely insistence in it ."
tr	3	They grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny raft faster down river .
tr	0	""" Is that what this is ? """
tr	1	Barney smiled and leaned back in his chair .
tr	0	""" Could be nothing ."
tr	1	Folks like to hang them in the house as decoration .
tr	0	""" Lord Rafe ! """
tr	4	It is a prime directive of nature , but one she has been unable to fulfill until the evolution of man .
tr	2	Panic squeezes in my chest with both hands and lots of leverage .
tr	3	"You could have asked for that whole damn mountain and she would have given it to you . """
tr	0	She turned around and pulled Roberto closer .
tr	0	""" What is it ?"
tr	4	She followed him again and this time she took the stairs to the third floor two at a time , too .
tr	0	"This can never be . """
tr	2	I thought of his words at the Hauptbahnhof and finally understood their meaning .
tr	4	When she crested the final hill on the homeward drive to the cottage , she sucked in a hard breath .
tr	2	They sat silently for a minute , waiting for the events to start .
tr	3	There is no aura around him , no dance of emotion , no churning cloud of life .
tr	5	""" I have to go to the general 's meeting in twenty minutes , so let 's get this over with fast , "" said Walter ."
tr	2	We had paddled over to the Juniper Club to work in the garden .
tr	2	He was squinting at her from the third floor and she felt very uncomfortable .
tr	2	""" Don 't you want to see what color it will be , though ?"
tr	2	After their disappearance was discovered , Simon 's parents would go on a rampage .
tr	3	He kept them hidden for many years and on moving to his present home had buried them for safekeeping .
tr	1	""" I thought he was with you , "" David said ."
tr	5	"I was just imagining him running around in a circle with his ridiculous shirt engulfed in flames when Virgil said , "" What 's that ? """
tr	0	I had lost touch with the truth .
tr	0	She patted his neck .
tr	5	Beyond that , they , her mother especially , would be glad that the marked girl with the sliced face was out of their home .
tr	4	In the elevator , I started to laugh and with a grain on my face , I looked around for my room .
tr	4	Quickly circling away from the monstrosity , the boy considers how he should attack , carefully sticking to the edges of the platform .
tr	0	""" Okay , "" Francesca says ."
tr	2	Sucking in one last breath , we dashed , all the world like champion athletes .
tr	1	Didn 't hold back his opinion on the matter .
tr	0	""" I like you . """
tr	3	Surely if these two were out of the picture nothing could link him to Tern Hill .
tr	0	""" You can do it ! """
tr	0	""" Can he hear me ? """
tr	0	""" I don 't know ."
tr	3	I managed to get a line around Skinny 's neck before he sank and tied him off .
tr	3	George ... ... as far as the Irish side is concerned it 's not that difficult .
tr	3	A narrow hallway , dingy and filled with cobwebs , led to a door at the end .
tr	3	He was too weak to do anything , he could not even uncover himself much less flee to anywhere .
tr	4	""" I hope you understand the penalty I will exact from you if you do not obey the instructions you have received . """
tr	5	""" Though I still don 't think they mean to let us go , perhaps they have other designs for us besides a quick death . """
tr	5	"I 'm curious about what happened yesterday while I slept , and I want to ask your opinion of a few things , that 's all . """
tr	4	""" Oh dear , I was hoping it wouldn 't come to this , but you 've left me with no other option . """
tr	4	When he finally responded , he made sure that his emotions were in check and that his voice was firm .
tr	4	Chris saw large stacks of lumber on pallets at the end of the dock , awaiting their voyage to who knew where .
tr	1	Each of them patiently waited for their eyes to adjust .
tr	2	Missy sat staring out the car window trying to think of any other possibilities .
tr	3	In a stroke of luck two years ago , he 'd played a Cuban drug dealer 's henchman .
tr	0	They are a warm brown like caramel .
tr	3	If the walls of my apartment suddenly dissolved , the books would keep everything securely fastened in place .
tr	3	But you have to work in the kitchen some mornings and help the maids , too .
tr	1	The clouds formed over us , dark and menacing .
tr	4	Leaving the beaten path of the Lost Woods behind , Link 's eyes dart about the trees in search of the kid .
tr	3	She stood and took as much of his weight as she could , helping him back to the table .
tr	1	He set that thought aside and sat down himself .
tr	4	At the last possible moment , Link whips his blade over his shoulder , opting for a backslash as opposed to the advertised strike .
tr	5	Chapter Twenty Four The little jeweller was in the back room of the shop making dinner for himself and the huge man who was his guest .
tr	5	The men were glad to see her , bringing her up to date with the condition of the ship as if she was a part of them .
tr	1	Some , like Tony , did it for the rush .
tr	3	Malcolm pressed his lips together and paused , as if to stretch out my ultimate humiliation .
tr	5	So now here he sat with an army that was shrinking by the day , and half of those who remained were under the weather .
tr	5	The ground itself is nowhere to be found beneath the intricate tangle of branches and vines , holding strong beneath the fine mist pressed against them .
tr	3	""" This is Captain Jim Meeks , get me either the Commander or Deputy Commander right now ! """
tr	4	""" The Achilles is accelerating straight down the enemy 's throat , he must plan on forcing them to fire . """
tr	0	""" Come on , sport ."
tr	4	After this I was sure that no one had followed me , so I struck off in the general direction of the mountain path .
tr	3	He then took the camera from Jessica and sealed it up in the bag , purposely avoiding eye contact .
tr	4	He forced himself to close his mouth and reached out to shake her hand with one of his own sticky ones .
tr	3	The more speed they had available to turn into lift the safer the first take off would be .
tr	0	""" Later , "" he says ."
tr	0	""" Five dead dogs ! """
tr	2	"During his internal struggle , he had almost forgotten ... "" Oh , Abby ! """
tr	0	She shrugged her shoulders casually .
tr	4	""" She had no reason to tell the truth , and she was hardly looking out for our best interests . """
tr	2	It grew even more deafening until Simon thought that his eardrums would crack .
tr	3	Adele 's eyes met his , glowing softly with an emotion it took him several seconds to place .
tr	4	We 're close enough to the main highways to make it convenient yet far enough away for the noise bylaws to be a non-issue .
tr	1	"And don 't eat me tea no more . """
tr	2	"By then we 'll be able to find out which window he shot out . """
tr	5	Jacob had previously used his old login to analyze the security system and discovered Alfred 's alert trigger , and , as such , expected no greeting .
tr	0	Loads of applause - then nothing .
tr	0	""" This is so funny ! """
tr	0	' Got your sights ? '
tr	4	William was recognized for his brilliant contributions and had been placed in charge of some of the best technology research projects .
tr	1	He quietly sneaked into the house and up the stairs .
tr	5	Blood and pieces of flesh filled my vision , until I heard the being scream no more ; but then I realised that I was falling .
tr	0	""" This news is not good ."
tr	2	For my despair , Helen came too , taking me to dance .
tr	0	Blasted poor bastards with radiation .
tr	3	Silver birches crowded the foot of the mountains on the left , and the wind made them almost whisper .
tr	2	There was little room and the horses had to traverse its length in single file .
tr	3	""" Admittedly , it has taken us longer than it should have , "" Destro said ."
tr	3	Chris smiled to think it appeared almost ... piratical , if there was such a word .
tr	5	Every time he used to hear the tales of his deeds retold they always managed to sound bigger and bigger than the reality of the matter .
tr	2	"If the opportunity presents itself we should take advantage of it . """
tr	4	"Dr. Morgan sensed David 's apprehension and said , "" Son , are you sure you 're up for this ? """
tr	4	""" It must have been just about sunrise , since you and Riki were already gone on your little jaunt . """
tr	2	"That I spoke with Mara why we came just for a single day there ? """
tr	5	Sure enough , Kendall 's knife was still lodged firmly in his back , above his shoulder blade , the point maybe two inches deep .
tr	0	""" I could go back out there ."
tr	4	I was boiling , how the bitch could call my teacher and to tell her what I was doing on the island ?
tr	3	""" If you still had some seven thousand footmen left , why did you not keep fighting ? """
tr	5	In his HUD Jason scans the visage of horror and places two target cross hairs on its body and one centered on his glowing third eye .
tr	3	Probably in his place , I would go crazy , or who knows what I was capable of doing .
tr	1	""" I do not understand , "" replied Finan slowly ."
tr	0	Perhaps things were about to get interesting .
tr	5	If not for the laws they established for their country , this place would indeed be very enjoyable with all these possibilities that it offered .
tr	4	Chapter Sixteen : Choices The next morning dawned with the Prince still holding watch , his mind whirling with thoughts .
tr	1	"I think it will be quite convenient now . """
tr	3	""" Yeah , "" he steps back from the doorway and shoves his hands in his pockets ."
tr	3	"These girls have been up for over 24 hours and you 're in no condition to do anything ! """
tr	2	""" Yes , Yes ... No - I mean , how - ? """
tr	5	When I heard about it two days later , I was bitter and full of rage , seeking the man that had done this to her .
tr	2	The Director of the FBI now had another rectal orifice , 2 .
tr	1	""" Now , John ... "" Sarah said ."
tr	2	Victoria sounded out the word slowly as if trying it for the first time .
tr	5	"But his grandmother gave the following explanation : "" At the very moment when you felt sorry for him the Angel instantly entered into the murderer ."
tr	0	The intruder seemed to have vanished .
tr	4	With smoke filled streets and me without a scratch , it didn 't take a genius to know who the winner was .
tr	0	Karen with her medicine bag .
tr	4	I was only able to deflect it , and the blade slid downwards , the point burying itself in my leg .
tr	5	Suddenly Tyler rolls back and comes to his feet as a bright light and a terrible grinding is heard from Dagger 's much larger cage .
tr	1	We 've been seeing each other for a long time now .
tr	0	Moments later , he was done .
tr	1	' They were mostly about things we had in common .
tr	4	I wasn 't sure how long I stayed or if I even nodded off here and there , but he never came .
tr	5	To do their experiments , scientists harvested gas from a fissure near the military base that emitted only a puff of gas every ten minutes .
tr	1	Your scent is there , on the edge of the bed .
tr	3	You could presumably never die , ' Reid had argued with his customary logic when I told him this .
tr	0	The title is supposed to be ironic .
tr	3	""" I see , I am Shade , "" she introduced while putting her pistol to bed ."
tr	0	"He 's -- "" "" Dead !"
tr	1	Though she smiled , Chris knew she was worried .
tr	2	Stalin licked a film of whipped cream off his upper lip and sighed .
tr	3	It ventures into several fields and disciplines of which I have only a rudimentary understanding of basic principals .
tr	4	Almost instantly , the sound of automatic weapons fire echoed out through the ruined roof of the bunker where he now stood .
tr	2	"In fact , we wouldn ' dream of leavin ' without ya . """
tr	1	"The eggs , "" he mumbles through a mouthful of food ."
tr	3	"Before it begins , I must ask you again : why do you do this ? """
tr	5	""" At the same time , I don 't want you to be so afraid that you don 't draw on your instincts at all in battle ."
tr	0	It 's Lucas . '
tr	4	The border is just too long and the park is empty , no one notices when people find their way inside the park .
tr	4	""" I have a feeling that this is going to be a wild ride , "" Taylor said with raised eyebrows ."
tr	4	Normally not the type to take notice of such subtlety , the boy grows excited to share the information with his companion .
tr	5	He hoped that if nothing else , the common government they all would choose would be significantly smaller than the one in the recent past .
tr	5	She didn 't seem to get angry , but she could make you feel like a worm if you didn 't do as she said .
tr	5	A large thigh bone , likely a part of the strange ancient giant , was protruding from Jake 's chest , blood gurgling at its browned base .
tr	0	asked Lord Rafe , his tone playful .
tr	3	There is no shame in needing a few extra hands to deal with that , certainly .
tr	0	"So she named me Gabriel . """
tr	1	Lilly Ann danced around him fighting imaginary dragons .
tr	3	Distracted by the snow , I came around a tree and almost bumped into a sentry .
tr	0	I still can 't see though .
tr	5	""" The only way we can hurt them is if we already have a hail of ordinance heading their way when they drop their shields ."
tr	3	They passed beyond of the relative clutter that was the village , following the road into the countryside .
tr	1	For the hardened pirates it was difficult to comprehend .
tr	3	She looked into the crowd of eyes appraising her as if she were juggling bowling balls with her feet .
tr	2	""" I think that Neil should be in on the secret . """
tr	5	Everyone had their own stuff to deal with , and one 's own problems had the power to surpass whatever was happening to anyone else .
tr	5	Also by Amanda Martin : BABY BLUES AND WEDDING SHOES Amanda 's latest release , the chick lit novel Baby Blues and Wedding Shoes is available now .
tr	5	I felt barbed arrowheads beat harmlessly against my armor , but my heart lurched at the idea that my horse might not have been as lucky .
tr	1	He heard soft footfalls come up behind him .
tr	4	Scars crisscrossed her body , some red , thick and ugly , others barely a razor 's width and white , nearly invisible .
tr	4	Given the stakes , he wasn 't surprised that his heart was pounding , or beads of sweat began popping up on his forehead .
tr	1	I stared out of the window , stalling for time .
tr	4	Of course , we 'd been chased by the Faith even then , but nothing could 've prepared us for what lay ahead .
tr	1	""" Those guys were Feds , right ? """
tr	4	Adele 's eyes smiled into hers , and Rafe was surprised by a vague idea that her gaze held reassurance .
tr	2	Paulo 's clear hazel eyes widened and then closed , very slowly .
tr	1	But you and I know it better as chicken .
tr	2	he asked Edie May who curiously looked up from her studies at the sudden question .
tr	3	""" But he also said he came to set the captives free , and to show love to everyone ."
tr	2	Little wooden bubbles hang on the wall , each holding a picture .
tr	1	The pull of energy makes words hard to string together .
tr	2	When these three worlds collide ugly truths come to light on every side .
tr	0	""" What is it ? """
tr	2	Taylor stared at Edie May with his mouth and eyes wide open .
tr	3	He heard Gabriel yank the key out of the ignition and saw him reach for the door .
tr	3	People had stopped eating and were grabbing for shopping bags and purses and getting up from their tables .
tr	4	The image of her feet , skin worn away to a bloody pulp from walking , her slippers torn , is engraved in me .
tr	0	""" You have nothing left here ."
tr	2	""" What are you waiting for , Falcon , here I am ! """
tr	0	""" When shall I leave ? """
tr	5	The next night I hadn 't caught anything for dinner , so I dug into the bread and one of the few apples left in my knapsack .
tr	1	"You , too , "" she said , turning to David ."
tr	3	I waved the pass key across the access panel and crossed the threshold into the inner chamber .
tr	0	""" Ready to go ? """
tr	4	The shift in weight and direction of their discussions was invigorating on the one hand but slightly confusing all the while .
tr	2	Cisco knew what they did to women , how they treated them .
tr	2	One flight up , a glass security door appeared in our path .
tr	5	Its thatch roof threw back the moonlight and small windows set high above the ground peered out from underneath it like a boy looking through too-long hair .
tr	5	""" Should be OK , "" Avi said , trying not to raise his voice over the increasing noise in the bar , "" same price ? """
tr	2	It 's not her fault she ended up here with all of us .
tr	3	He slipped into the formal coat and stood in front of the mirror for final inspection .
tr	4	""" You can say that again , "" retorted Gema , "" knowing the Regiment 's efforts at secrecy ... ."
tr	5	It was more than fifteen times the size of the ill-fated Hindenburg and Frank had cringed the moment the unsettling statistic had come into his mind .
tr	2	""" It 's home , "" she turned to look at David ."
tr	1	The spirits were quiet as they had been before .
tr	2	Bill Foley was a retired cop who did light maintenance at the inn .
tr	3	Blood was still running fresh and Clancy 's entire side was soaked turning his garment dark red .
tr	5	If Nick hadn 't asked her what she was , would she have used the keys she found to snoop in her father 's office ?
tr	4	The drought has forced them much deeper , but I suppose one patch of trees is as good as any other .
tr	2	"But I think there 's more to this than what we know . """
tr	2	Perhaps it was , but she was a different Miriam from the one he knew .
tr	3	She took the photo and taking it over to one of the lamps she held it in the light .
tr	1	The foot struck him just below the heart .
tr	1	""" Well then , who else is there ? """
tr	5	""" Just fixing up my sixties semi costs a fortune , I can 't imagine what the upkeep on an old Georgian pile like this would be ."
tr	1	"I was afraid he 'd kill himself . """
tr	4	Tapping his lip , he glanced at the solid walls of overgrown shrubs and vines that filled the gaps beneath the trees .
tr	4	Two weeks more had identified his major habits and the liquor store was identified as the best location for a carefully scripted chance meeting .
tr	0	I stared at him in awe .
tr	5	The closeness of our bodies was intoxicating and had it been a different situation , I wouldn 't wait for him to make a move .
tr	2	She ran her hand tenderly over the pages brushing slightly against Taylor 's hand .
tr	5	I 'm on four weeks trial starting Monday and , given the busiest time is the start of the week , I should be off Fridays . '
tr	2	""" Our little ward , "" Virgil added , swirling the liquid in his glass ."
tr	1	""" Get in , "" said Roberto and started to push ."
tr	0	""" The left fork , you say ?"
tr	2	"I don 't think I could hurt it with a sledgehammer ! """
tr	1	We don 't have an automatic washing machine any more .
tr	0	"A chorus of "" What ? """
tr	2	Mark looked up , first at Josie and Jimmy , noticing they were already eating .
tr	4	With the insufferable boy lying motionless at his feet , Link sees his chance to be rid of him at long last .
tr	3	The Falcon is definitely going to know her , but there is no harm in having some fun .
tr	0	"Give a hand to Nancy ! """
tr	4	The Well of Fates The day has come , and sun will rise The dawn is here , the Falcon flies .
tr	4	He directed me to fly this and that heading and all I could make out was that we were going north .
tr	2	' Tell your nephew that not everything is as it seems . '
tr	3	Elaina and Landon shared an incredulous look , but the calm in his voice eased Landon 's fears .
tr	5	""" No , "" he responded , "" and you 're not going to get much farther on those horses so the normal route is out . """
tr	5	a career soldier , a quiet spoken man given to almost whispering ... ... a jungle habit , a hard man , a ' Team ' man .
tr	3	He 's got some light shrapnel and his comm is down , but he 'll be fine .
tr	1	Her hair fell forward and covered one breast .
tr	0	Sarah looked at him .
tr	4	"If he cannot find it in his heart to forgive , it 's off to the torturer for you . """
tr	2	""" The last thing we need is more critters to feed . """
tr	3	They were given a riddle to solve if they wanted to try to stop the process .
tr	0	""" You really can fix this ? """
tr	3	The boy made his way north through the chaos to a refugee camp before falling unconscious .
tr	2	Twenty minutes later , I pulled up outside a 24-hour cafe with internet facilities .
tr	1	""" I can imagine that , "" Edie May nodded ."
tr	1	Alex 's face showed the dawn of recognition .
tr	5	He sincerely hoped , at least , that he would not have to begin talking to walls or chewing paint , or whatever else crazy people did .
tr	3	He turned to Wilbur , who grinned from ear to ear , giddy from his successful coup .
tr	1	You are not to engage anyone we meet on your own .
tr	2	' I 'm afraid not , ' I replied with an apologetic smile .
tr	1	"We 've got to hole up for the night . """
tr	5	""" Another soul caught up in this mess , picked up by the same chaps who nabbed us , though his lot seems different from ours . """
tr	0	""" Tell us another one ."
tr	4	"Someone got here just before us , "" he points out , attempting to mask his smile with a casual tone ."
tr	4	Only seconds later the fire from his lighter had spread to the larger branches while he added more wood to the pile .
tr	2	""" Oh , well , "" Kevin said , "" no big deal . """
tr	5	We 've got a list of all the national record companies so when we meet John we can show him how ready to go we are . '
tr	0	""" Hi , I 'm Rick ."
tr	5	""" It is such a relief to hear that you are well , I hope you are well , do you have water with you ?"
tr	0	Mark asked , a little worried .
tr	5	We collect Gabe , who has packed up the sniper rifle , and then I weave us around the frantic humans and their bright , pounding energies .
tr	3	Setting up camp was a practiced routine by then and only took them a few minutes .
tr	5	He didn 't want to upset her so he decided the best way to spurn her advances was to use some sort of lighthearted humor .
tr	3	He got plenty of attention from college scouts , but most thought he was too small .
tr	0	It glowed in the sunlight .
tr	5	You must know that I 'm capable of initiating some very bad and dangerous hexes upon you - should you deny me my request for your silence .
tr	0	"The Crawler is at our heels ! """
tr	3	""" You 're gon na try to get a wild coyote out of a bear trap ?"
tr	5	Every ounce of faith they have held onto through the rise of Ganondorf , and the drought that followed , has slipped through calloused fingers .
tr	5	' But please be assured that no one will be allowed to even touch an aircraft that doesn 't have the highest civilian and military qualifications ' .
tr	2	Unable to come to any certain conclusions stubbornly drove the thoughts from his mind .
tr	3	Scott shook his head slowly as he picked up the litter and tossed it back in the drum .
tr	0	"Hope I 'm not disturbing you ? """
tr	4	Cade shook his head as he leaned over to cut a section of Darin 's tunic off and dipped it in the brook .
tr	0	""" Then you agree ? """
tr	0	The leather seats were freezing .
tr	0	"We 're trying to protect you . """
tr	0	I like that one .
tr	5	Adam couldn 't take out the leader without his thugs taking a couple of shots at him and Jim or the innocent people in the room .
tr	3	"You always bring him up at every opportunity , just when we 're having a nice chat . """
tr	5	There was a glass of milk by the tray ; she considered for a moment and poured it into the tin chamber pot under the bed .
tr	3	I glimpsed a pale light fading around a corner at the end of the passage on the far right .
tr	3	The trick 's to never forget that there is a beyond , it does go on .
tr	1	It would have stretched a woman senseless on the floor .
tr	4	But somehow he found the energy to carry on , until they 'd gotten far enough away and left the road altogether .
tr	1	""" A deck , the carpet is wet . """
tr	5	John stopped him , ' leave it Alan , I knew you would have a problem and that 's why I want Janice to help you .
tr	2	I am now convinced that Ryan and I were desperately in love .
tr	5	For the barest instant , the sergeant thought he knew what sentiment had darkened the old man 's expression , but then dismissed the notion at once .
tr	5	He brought his hand away from his side , expecting blood from the wound he remembered taking in the ambush , but it came away clean .
tr	4	Frank was no astronomer but he knew that Mars wouldn 't see this side of the planet until shortly after nightfall .
tr	2	Come next weekend and all the way through September , the Rump would be mobbed .
tr	2	I mentally ticked the box ' give a solo aerobatic display ' .
tr	0	The night desert was quiet and still .
tr	1	' The equipment you asked for will be there . '
tr	3	"I forgot to tell you that bit , "" he said laughing , "" usually pretty early too . """
tr	4	The soup kettle crashed into the spot in which my head had been resting and boiling water sloshed everywhere , hissing like mad .
tr	3	As the last pistol cracks ceased , Logan swept around me , dodging into the room with another yell .
tr	4	We flagged down a carriage and made our way towards the richest of the viscount 's friends , a Mister Adriano Di Luca .
tr	5	""" There 's a rumor going around the village , you know , where we were that first day , where we saw the baby ?"
tr	1	"We mean you no harm , missus . """
tr	5	A buzz went up through the clamor of battle and Noel saw the dirt flying up as bullets tore holes in front of the charging troops .
tr	2	Taylor was delighted by the fresh and entertaining spectacle those two provided for him .
tr	1	The dog immediately came over and sat beside him .
tr	3	The pile in the center was beginning to grow larger than any bonfire he had seen at camp .
tr	1	""" Why the sudden interest in cooking ? """
tr	5	""" Oh , and I 'll need to have our supper sent up to the schoolroom , and a fire lit in there , please ."
tr	5	With a subtle chuckle , the hero leans over the exhausted Queen , kissing her deeply as she weakly wraps a hand behind his neck .
tr	1	' I can only think of two reasons . '
tr	4	The many ice shards sticking out of the target began to fall off him , as though they were melting .
tr	0	""" That 'll bring the sheriff . """
tr	4	Rick assured her she had plenty of time to get dressed , turned her around , and pushed her back toward her room .
tr	0	Cool to the touch .
tr	2	"You 'll bring my body home and let them know , won 't you ? """
tr	0	Especially his stupid jacket .
tr	5	Having a man like Every around her constantly , made certain that she never had to encounter anything that would mar her loveliness or her mood .
tr	4	""" He 's good , "" he thought , "" wouldn 't want to tangle with him on my own . """
tr	1	Hyperion had recovered , and rolled off the car .
tr	4	The crowd control barriers paid only lip service to crowd control and an ecstatic crowd surged forward , heading towards her aircraft .
tr	5	All of a sudden Toni realized what this bright light represented and demanded that Bob fight the light and not yield no matter how nice it looks .
tr	1	Look , we need to get to Paris .
tr	2	William was tired and more than slightly suspicious of Dr. Smith 's intentions with Victoria .
tr	0	"What is amiss with Finan ? """
tr	1	' Just slow them down , goddammit ! '
tr	1	At the end of the rope was a shiny bell .
tr	5	Many sighed in wonder of why she continued to run , hide , and had run away from the orphanage before she turned an adult age .
tr	1	"Jim came up and said , "" Sir , Commander ."
tr	1	It did not matter how hard they were .
tr	0	"My name is Sarah Woodson . """
tr	2	I decided tomorrow I would get Gerald and take a tour in the chopper .
tr	2	Sarah tightened her calves against Dan 's sides and he moved amiably forward .
tr	3	""" I just can 't believe how fast she is , I 've never seen anything like it ."
tr	0	"Sam said , "" Get out-of-the-way . """
tr	3	I 'm scared , but it 's my fault that I didn 't told you from the beginning .
tr	4	Fierce as she is , Shireen still has her dreamy Persian notions -- that love is more important than money or duty or religion .
tr	0	Lay her burdens down before the end .
tr	2	I sipped the sparkling cider , letting the tart liquid coat my throat .
tr	4	The setting sun had turned the waters crimson and bathed the austere walls of the chamber with an orange glow .
tr	2	The trip to the path was a short one , taking two to three minutes .
tr	5	The Ox Talisman endowed his brother with enhanced physical strength and power , and he was positioned here in the southern most Province because of that fact .
tr	2	I couldn 't easily forget that I was in my underwear and bra .
tr	3	I try to close my eyes and focus on the words I speak but I can 't .
tr	1	Pushing memories to bio organisms is the right direction .
tr	1	What a great pleasure and honor to see and read this .
tr	1	You know I think Robbie was getting a little pissed .
tr	0	Alejo cut her off .
tr	4	"My wife is not well , we had trouble with bandits on the ride , is there a healer in town ? """
tr	4	""" This quest of yours has been brought to my lands and injury has now come to one of our own ."
tr	0	""" Is it morning already ? """
tr	0	Could it really be fixed ?
tr	5	"Our priority here is finding Kate and the kids , the link might well be Ronan Flaherty according to the calls made by Vivien . """
tr	1	Reid sat back in the seat and stared ahead .
tr	3	His foster brother 's face was flushed , a thin film of perspiration covering it with an unhealthy sheen .
tr	5	She inhaled , filling her lungs to capacity , and then stuck her tongue out between her lips and blew out a most offensive sound .
tr	4	The following would not be possible without the creativity and vision of the well-known individuals responsible for the source material .
tr	4	She sat on one of the metal chairs ; her uncomfortable surroundings doing little to help her already declining disposition .
tr	4	"I had my standing orders and a captain 's prerogative to interpret and apply those orders as I saw fit . """
tr	1	""" Language , please , John , "" Sarah said ."
tr	3	""" Since I possess a weapon already the three of you may choose the sword which suites you best ."
tr	4	The wave only had a small section of the East River to draw from and its awesome force was quickly spent .
tr	4	Like the mysterious metal of the cube , the spheres appeared impervious to damage ; their shiny surfaces were an awe-inspiring display of perfection .
tr	5	Twice in his career , he verbally fought with superior officers and was grounded , with orders to think about showing respect to senior officers .
tr	4	It was strange how this place had always been comforting to her , but something about it was now menacing .
tr	0	Abby stuck her tongue out at him .
tr	4	Now her features were blotted and streaked with dirt , and they were obscured by the idiotic expression on her face .
tr	5	He turned on his heel , and with the air of someone who has just narrowly avoided some minor misfortune , took off into he crowd .
tr	3	How could he be so cruel as to mortify her by talking of her love for him ?
tr	5	You know as well as I that there are some dangerous criminal gangs around and I trust you to remove them from our streets . '
tr	5	The morning air was quiet and only when they flew across one of the more densely populated areas he felt the rising air disturbing their smooth glide .
tr	4	When he looked back up at the road , Jimmy realized he wasn 't looking across the hood of his truck anymore .
tr	2	Smiling , Barney raised his pen over the eighth and final contract before going on .
tr	0	"* "" Interesting sort of bloke ."
tr	4	Chris remembered when he first saw her jutting out of the beach and thinking there were endless possibilities of what might lie beneath .
tr	4	""" After his father was killed , Grand became obsessed with recreating the formula or finding another way to infect others . """
tr	3	"We 'll be able to save Kevin and get out of here before they know we 're missing . """
tr	2	My voice came out shaky like I was about to break down .
tr	2	"At least a period , but Abby ... "" "" Yeah ? """
tr	4	He stepped only halfway out taking his sword and swinging it hard to his left with both hands firmly on the hilt .
tr	5	"That girl has one word written all over her , and it starts with a capital T. "" Damian slammed his hand on the stall 's surface ."
tr	5	The ground level , which used to be stables , had been converted into a three car garage and the old hayloft into an apartment .
tr	4	No one else seemed to have noticed their entrance in the dimly-lit alcove by the door , as far as she could tell .
tr	2	I way praying some of my contacts had come through the Collapse .
tr	2	I 'd let Herb and Jim deal with Ms. Abernathy from now on .
tr	1	It was almost as brazen as his own scheme .
tr	5	Cuba was like the rest of the world our people were starving , we knew famine was going to take almost half the population but which half ?
tr	1	You have your job and I have mine .
tr	1	His second smiled and continued with the conversation .
tr	0	Any one of a thousand things .
tr	1	"It 's him I want , not a religion . """
tr	3	A third said his cousin was a laid-off maritime engineer who would love to be involved .
tr	4	"He also said they had been in contact with a foreign intelligence group that was interesting in procuring the technology . """
tr	3	""" He 's paid in return for electricity for a whole year , and we suddenly cut him off ?"
tr	3	""" You played golf with Harry and I and soon after , Harry was killed on the golf course ."
tr	0	""" ' Restrained from leaving ' ? """
tr	5	His irises fade as his brow deepens , his large nose shortening and turning upright while his jaw becomes more defined , producing primal fangs .
tr	5	""" As much as that would remove all my romantic attraction , "" I said dramatically , "" I suppose it might be necessary . """
tr	5	The first song had not even been concluded when men and women streamed onto the makeshift dance floor that had been constructed under the tree .
tr	2	I asked , turning my attention back to the flickering boat lights below .
tr	3	""" Like the chance to kill more dandies and witness human suffering at its best ? """
tr	4	We went to lunch where I introduced him to Connie and Dr. Brothers , who I had invited to represent the scientific party .
tr	5	The day he received a full academic scholarship to the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology , in far off Cambridge , was one of Noni 's proudest .
tr	2	"I couldn 't let ... "" "" When I was a baby ."
tr	3	"Logan and Phillip are waiting for our return , and we 'll proceed from there , "" I finished ."
tr	3	""" And we 'll get the bitch did this to me ... and him , "" he said ."
tr	2	Niches carved into the walls held candles with small flames lighting the way .
tr	5	She then took out the battery of her tiny cell phone , dropped it into the proper recycle bin and casually slipped the phone into the trashcan .
tr	4	The sword fell from his fingers and hit the ground with a clatter , followed closely by the loud thump of his body .
tr	5	Even though half the crew failed to keep their breakfast down as they worked , they still did what was needed to keep the project on track .
tr	5	"There was a loud mechanical grumble below them in the underbrush as well as a hoarse voice , definitely human , rasping : "" Gotcha ! """
tr	5	He noted that the road didn 't appear to be in much better shape , observing several cavities as he ran to keep up with the group .
tr	1	""" We 're friends , che , aren 't we ? """
tr	5	He stepped back a few paces and turned to face the center of the room , obviously aware that he 'd interrupted a private conversation .
tr	5	Rupert stood behind Alejo 's swivel chair , and his teeth flashed in a grin under his bushy mustache as he punched Alejo in the shoulder .
tr	1	A number of unfamiliar faces occupied the chairs around them .
tr	5	"He said with cold , avoiding intentional my look "" I know you probably hate me , but I will not let you ignore me forever ."
tr	5	But I doubted it , and secretly I resented the court politics which I blamed for devastating her nerves and inviting her to an early grave .
tr	1	"They 're in all those packages in the corner . """
tr	3	The top of his head was bald but he had a long gray beard and no mustache .
tr	1	""" Why did you try to drug me ? """
tr	3	Dad smoothed my ruffled shirt with a gentle touch and traced my cheek with the back of his fingers .
tr	1	A second window is plastered with an unreadable block of code .
tr	4	""" If you get killed , I 'm just gon na dump you in the harbor and claim I never saw you . """
tr	0	The cottage remained dark and lifeless .
tr	4	""" Yeah , well , then you should have not let your emotions get away with you and let Ishmael take care of her ."
tr	0	' Don 't ! '
tr	1	""" Just a little of your time . """
tr	4	""" Let 's sit here , "" he said , pointing to the rocks on the edge of the cliff ."
tr	5	Jack could be an absolute tyrant , she had learned early on , but when he was getting his way , he was an angel .
tr	0	He didn 't know she was dead .
tr	0	' This is the half-breed . '
tr	4	""" Yeah , I got that same feeling , "" Rift agrees , now surrounded by the angry sea dwellers ."
tr	5	His motives to scare us from rising against him , but we will not bend or concede to a man who will kill so easily .
tr	5	Even before the Invasion , his childhood had ended relatively early , replaced with the training he would need to take his father 's place .
tr	1	""" Can you get us something to eat ? """
tr	4	I did put in my two bits on population control as I felt it was the key to mankind 's future .
tr	1	His hair was longish and he didn 't look pleasant .
tr	2	~ The Lady Grace dropped anchor in the cove just off Barney 's estate .
tr	0	""" You pay for the drinks ."
tr	2	Armed with a duster , she began with Miriam 's new room .
tr	2	Through the walls , I catch faint throbs of energy from the other motel patrons .
tr	4	The box of broken cellphones erroneously sent to Chip Harris ' home address only mocked Chip 's failed tenure with the company .
tr	2	The clone process is not going to happen in that basement lab .
tr	0	""" Yes , it is you ."
tr	4	Nature through design or accident kept man from being very good at all the things his fellow creatures could excel in .
tr	5	Hailey recognized the same response as when Noah was tired of listening and was going to do it his own way no matter what she said .
tr	3	He had never knelt before a woman , let alone told anyone the story of his scar .
tr	0	Steve got to his feet .
tr	2	Chris thought he might have seen a slight twitch beneath the captain 's right eye .
tr	5	Also , before you say it , I 'm not going to let your mother spend the night in this small shack with four corpses !
tr	4	We crawled along it as quietly as we could , our breaths coming hard and fast in the enclosed space .
tr	3	It will only take a short while for him to get the fullness of his strength back .
tr	3	Beside him , his head buried in a scratch ticket , was his faithful crewman Perry Winslow .
tr	4	Those were the times she cherished the most because then he opened himself to her and she would learn more about the man .
tr	2	""" But it 's weird ... why did you came to know me ? """
tr	2	""" Sure I do , "" I close my notebook a little too hard ."
tr	3	All at once , both dogs stopped playing with the rag they had been tugging on .
tr	4	As for the old part I would rather stick around and watch you fall apart then even contemplate life without you .
tr	0	' Hang on ! '
tr	3	The other nodded , sending a little wave of movement down the identical chain on his left hand .
tr	4	""" Quite , my dear , "" he began , but she cut him off and clicked her tongue with annoyance ."
tr	0	""" She 's worthless ."
tr	1	He took a deep breath and opened it .
tr	1	Adele hesitated , not wishing to leave Lord Brogan alone .
tr	1	""" Johnson , I thank you so much for your time ."
tr	0	""" Lies , "" Gabe says ."
tr	0	He could smell the water inside .
tr	4	Floor to ceiling bookshelves stood on either side of the door , containing dozens of thick volumes stacked in apparently random fashion .
tr	0	That I was an assignment .
tr	4	""" And faster , "" Shade answered keeping her eyes on her enemy , holding steady her beaten and bent pole ."
tr	1	( I 'm not allowed to say fat . )
tr	1	""" Yeah , well , I got ta go again ."
tr	5	The full-color view appeared to be real-time , and matched the image in Toby 's photographic memory , a fact which did not escape him .
tr	3	Because it had washed up on the National Seashore , the wreck was the Park Service 's responsibility .
tr	2	Yet even after closing his eyes , he felt his mother 's stare .
tr	1	She was very beautiful , as striking as Adele was subtle .
tr	1	You could never guess who is here with me right now .
tr	2	' No , ' he replied with a shake of his head .
tr	0	he stammered and swallowed again .
tr	5	' I don 't care what they are , ' Terri muttered in reply , ' as long as I 'm not on the menu . '
tr	0	I cut her off .
tr	4	But then I saw the oddest thing , he attacked his own men ; his lust was driving him out of control .
tr	0	The sugary smells made me feel sick .
tr	0	""" Yes , Dr. Harland . """
tr	4	Rafe immediately let her go , turning to pick up the blanket she had been sitting on and placing it nearer to the fire .
tr	4	Despite the fact it was still early in the day , the lights hadn 't faded , they 'd simply gone out .
tr	4	""" Yes , thank you , "" the Prince said , "" but the leaves - how are they gold and orange and red ?"
tr	4	The remaining men , three all told still standing , drew their swords and made to run the Prince through .
tr	3	"Normally five shooters use it and rotate from station to station but we have it on our own . """
tr	1	"Fair question , "" he said blue eyes twinkling ."
tr	4	""" I hope he 's not thinking of letting her go , because we really depend on her earnings . """
tr	5	She spins the handle of her blade back into her hand and holds it in her clenched fist , the point aimed at the deck .
tr	1	""" But I just climbed up this huge tree . """
tr	0	' Yes , ' she whispered .
tr	2	A snap cracked above the quiet chorus , and Alejo jerked his head up .
tr	2	' We have to gather as many troops as we can . '
tr	1	Do not try to throw it out of the window !
tr	0	""" You will take someone ? """
tr	2	He jumped off his seat and opened the doors for his two passengers .
tr	3	The explosion of energy when my palm connects to the animal 's energy field is riveting .
tr	1	He flipped around on the stairs , brushing up against me .
tr	5	Manuel jerked his head back and it missed his face , but the razor claws sliced through Manuel 's t-shirt and deep into his flesh .
tr	5	Chris considered himself fortunate that both his mother and his church preached tolerance , though he liked to think he 'd have been tolerant anyway .
tr	1	"Her eyes widened , "" I can 't take that !"
tr	3	I 'd been enchanted before , but with each snippet of an anecdote she became more real somehow .
tr	3	""" I find your company pleasant and not once did I feel afraid while with you ."
tr	0	""" Stop asking questions ."
tr	5	They both knew too well who had left them there , discarded after the trunk had been cleaned to a log and then hauled away .
tr	3	She even let go with one hand to keep the hem of her camisole from floating up .
tr	1	""" No milk , no cans of stuff ? """
tr	2	They can keep the camp pinned down or at least hiding in the house .
tr	1	The gun held steady , aimed at my head .
tr	2	The woman 's smile became slightly strained as she studied the badge .
tr	2	""" But , it could contaminate the ... "" he started to protest ."
tr	2	"And I 'm afraid that the same thing will happen with you . """
tr	3	""" They acted like they 'd done it before and it was no big deal . """
tr	0	Gabe smiles again his sad smile .
tr	0	There are no bones broken .
tr	3	The solid sound of metal hitting flesh was followed by the crashing of a body down through the branches .
tr	5	""" It wasn 't my choice , "" said Anna over her shoulder as they approached the window at the end of the long corridor ."
tr	4	Lonnie and Ricky looked at each other and mumbled something that Kevin and Missy , who were watching intently , couldn 't hear .
tr	0	""" Hey , stranger ! """
tr	1	Two police cars sat blocking the exits at either end .
tr	5	"Marc seemed too embarrassed to do anything other than say "" good morning "" and excused himself to check on the equipment in the plant ."
tr	1	"The big guy said , "" Reckon anybody 's home ? """
tr	5	It had stopped hurting him weeks ago , whether because it had finally mended or had died , itself , he had no way of knowing .
tr	0	"We 've seen it before . """
tr	3	""" Is there somewhere we could lie him down so that he can be more comfortable ? """
tr	3	Bringer of little chills all up and down me , mostly when he isn 't trying .
tr	4	was the only response the Prince could make through his gag , which was now soaked with salt water mingled with sweat and dirt .
tr	1	""" Rosie , are you in the family way ? """
tr	1	But once they do , things should settle down pretty quickly .
tr	3	""" But -- "" "" And you really do need to help your friends , don 't you ? """
tr	0	It just comes , the anger .
tr	1	""" Or hasn 't been invented yet , "" Jessica added ."
tr	1	She ran her hands over his stone body .
tr	2	Though chilled on the outside , a fire burned in my belly .
tr	0	eight for sure I think .
tr	0	"Please , water . """
tr	1	She wanted him to know that she cared more .
tr	0	Slowly , Sarah reached for his hand .
tr	1	An ' I canna say I blame them .
tr	3	No , he was as the night itself , silent and moving , yet unseen and unheard .
tr	4	Later that night Atticus walked back through the door , but there was something wrong ; Alita was still with him .
tr	2	The outline was a tumble of rock and stone and ditches carved into the landscape .
tr	2	Carlos and Kendall stepped around Mark , watching Josie pouring water on the cut .
tr	2	They were tired and sore , barely able to keep to their feet .
tr	2	"' Coz that 's what I call giving to the bitter end . """
tr	2	Several feet behind him , the immortals were slowly struggling to their knees .
tr	1	""" It 's good , "" he said simply ."
tr	3	They rushed over to say hello and then collapsed in front of the roaring fire ... ... . .
tr	4	""" The Elders will take us to task for ruining what was just built , "" said the large woman ."
tr	4	Any of the few dozen or so other charges that might come from some of their more interesting capers of the summer .
tr	2	The door to the library opened suddenly , and Simon himself came in .
tr	5	He 'll tell him what 's what and if the documents are fair I 'll make sure he 's present when the lads sign . '
tr	5	She could see Robbie and George coming down the path out of the woods together with the two labs like two black blobs in the snow .
tr	0	""" What killed you ? """
tr	4	We came across several cisterns and vats , only two or three of which could be considered useable as drinking water .
tr	0	""" I remember everything ."
tr	3	Half thrilled , half terrified , he hurried to catch up before she barged into the Brother 's tent .
tr	5	Pausing , he leaned forward to eye a nice looking woman who had gotten up from her beach towel to dip her toes into the water .
tr	1	""" So , who of you is the scientist ? """
tr	2	But he had to hold his pants up with his right hand .
tr	5	The FBI had been on to him from his first arrival in New York but they had left him his freedom and assigned him a controller .
tr	3	He might only make things worse , he seemed only to hurt her rather than make matters better .
tr	4	""" For your curiosity , yes , I care about him and I think we are much more then friends ."
tr	4	"Our men won 't be able to stand up against them in normal battle , plus we 'll likely be outgunned . """
tr	4	""" Come on , I got plans for you , mummy , "" he whispered softly , tugging at her arm ."
tr	1	Who had put a bomb on her bus .
tr	4	We must use the ingenuity , hard work , and cooperation that our forefathers did when they hacked a life out of the wilderness .
tr	2	""" Leave the pep talk with the men to me , okay ? """
tr	0	I don 't usually notice hands .
tr	4	Every man alive recognized impending doom when a woman took that tone of voice , even one who had never married .
tr	4	The stones themselves had been carved with smiling heads , patterns of waves , women with tails like fish and long strands of seaweed .
tr	0	Time you got over that cunt .
tr	4	When he replayed it in his mind it reminded him of the Grandfather clock he wasn 't supposed to run past .
tr	0	His hands clench into fists .
tr	2	he asked , licking dry lips and blinking in a befuddled manner .
tr	2	Gon na date these contracts to expire in a hundred and twenty days .
tr	5	Imagining how ridiculous this must have sounded to her , all of them except for Jon burst out laughing , while Jon retained his composure .
tr	5	"Just the usual -- sit still , don 't talk or laugh , don 't fall asleep , no humming or whistling -- "" Riki reeled off ."
tr	2	"Everyone is rooting for you , that much is certain , though . """
tr	1	He was gone again , lost to her as a companion .
tr	3	All she wanted was for her friend to regain the happiness that his family missed so much .
tr	4	The room ceases spinning as quickly as it started , and with a stumbling misstep , Rift has regained his balance .
tr	5	"She is a necromancer and the ghosts of the dead are everywhere here ... "" "" We 'll be all right , "" Gunnar said ."
tr	4	As the faded Buick roared past , Trae and Lena lay motionless on the front lawn , their minds and bodies unable to react .
tr	1	Most of them are still here in England .
tr	1	"Here is a recording of the event . """
tr	0	A crazy laugh bubbled up .
tr	2	My lips moved in silent confession as I tried not to choke on the water .
tr	1	Arms hooked under my shoulder and rolled me over .
tr	2	Jennie turned towards him her arm over the back of the seat .
tr	1	""" You 're going to kill me later , then ? """
tr	2	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	0	""" What 's eating him ?"
tr	4	Pharmaceutical companies need to concentrate on getting things right instead of paying doctors to push pills just to maximize profit .
tr	5	He still thought the best plan would have been for him to just seize control of the shapeshifter , telepathically , then let the soldiers capture it .
tr	4	Despite the lies she was taught to believe , she is his daughter , and he feels oddly compelled to tolerate her .
tr	4	Lilly Ann was deeply touched at the sight of a man taking the time to clean his tools before using them on her property .
tr	5	' Yes , he could join other bands but if they don 't suffer his crap then he 'll have to join another band , and another .
tr	3	Nobody had bothered to look in them ; they were too fascinated by everything else this day .
tr	0	""" Are you stupid , girl ? """
tr	1	"Malcolm muttered , "" She 's on the attack . """
tr	3	One glance at the surface of the desk was enough for him to know he was right .
tr	1	She shut down the tiny aircraft and trotted over to me .
tr	2	I retreated from my friend and took up a cautious position next to our carriage .
tr	1	he announced loudly , almost bursting with excitement .
tr	0	""" Did you find anything else ? """
tr	3	""" I think about what it must have been like for my dad ; how he must have felt ."
tr	3	The hours spent playing in my ' quarter of a Hunter ' , practicing emergency procedures paid off .
tr	5	After two years of work on it up there in the 1980s , the Russians ended their test programs for space 's long-term effect on humans .
tr	0	""" Yeah , I think so ."
tr	1	We have got to get out of here .
tr	5	She seemed to hang there a moment , an eerie ghost ship with , of all things , a dog barking excitedly on its deck .
tr	5	Every once in a while I 'd come across a kid or somebody hyped up on something and they would shoot before they even spoke .
tr	2	""" My esteemed father died at harvest time ... fortunately for you ."
tr	1	So , two more to go , ' he murmured .
tr	3	An infantryman next to me shoved me lower , swearing something about staff officers under his breath .
tr	3	No , even I do not know where she is ... The dissonance conceals her presence from me .
tr	4	The trees thinned and disappeared toward the center of the valley , where a meadow crept all the way to the other side .
tr	2	Feeling the need for stealth , I crawled along the side of the house .
tr	4	the man shouted , bending over even as a new barrage of fiery explosives began raining down on them from above .
tr	3	"You couldn 't even have just left , you had to -- "" she shuddered , "" her ! """
tr	0	Victoria shook her head and looked away .
tr	0	"That 's ridiculous . """
tr	1	' No one knows the answer to that question .
tr	3	He took one backward glance before going over the other side , wondering exactly who to tell first .
tr	4	Rafe heard him talking in low tones to someone outside before he returned with a bowl and pitcher of water .
tr	1	A muted light appeared in front of us .
tr	1	"She knew that , and we know that . """
tr	3	""" Have you ever felt like that about someone so soon after you met them ? """
tr	1	"Gabe asks over and over again , "" Where is she ?"
tr	4	She was wiping her hands on a towel ; the warm smell of cinnamon and caramel drifted from the kitchen behind her .
tr	4	Everyone raced to finish so that they could go to the already awaiting soiled doves waving seductively to the tired but aroused sailors .
tr	3	One of these would be to load up his cart with his belongings and drive to nowhere in particular .
tr	2	""" I like you and wanted to get to know you better . """
tr	1	But still it left a bitter taste in my mouth .
tr	2	""" I think I can help you there , "" Fritz winked at him ."
tr	3	It lacked all the refined architecture of the structure we were being led into by the other youth .
tr	2	""" The two of you should hang your shirts on those low branches ."
tr	2	She had worked hard during the night to not think of it .
tr	0	The owners liked it that way .
tr	1	""" She could score if she was the goalie ! """
tr	1	"Every one of ' em was in love with Tammy . """
tr	4	You 'll retain your rank and receive full support and resources , in other words , you will be given carte blanche .
tr	0	She turned and looked at him .
tr	4	Through the thinning mist along the wall of his loft , Rift spots a fairy bobbing along an uncertain path .
tr	4	Through the thick blanket of smoke he saw the men were scrambling to get the hell out of the hole .
tr	4	Goggles must have seen Flaherty 's face flush , because he immediately turned around to see what he was looking at .
tr	4	Watching the light go out in each man 's eyes seemed to slowly tear at the foundation of his being .
tr	0	I 'll see you all shortly .
tr	0	Everything seemed to be grey ... .
tr	2	For all we know Taylor gave his life saving the DNA data .
tr	1	When Anna ordered , an identical table rose from the floor .
tr	1	I paused beneath the ladder and gazed at the cat .
tr	2	""" Yes , quite , considering you 're the spy , "" I said ."
tr	0	""" Don 't shoot ! """
tr	5	Her face and hands were clean , but a cut ran across her cheek and many more showed on her arms , all straight , neat lines .
tr	0	""" Or did they say dagger ? """
tr	4	People talked quietly , not wanting to miss the break in the static that signaled the beginning of the show .
tr	4	He paused a moment to think about another famous ship that went down on her maiden voyage before going on to his next search .
tr	1	' Don 't mention it , ' grumbled the Bastian noble .
tr	4	Anna had no desire to seek out her father since he had never yet bothered to try to contact her .
tr	4	It was apparent the spleen , pancreas and colon , as well as the left kidney had some form of trauma .
tr	3	Her English was excellent , spoken with a lilting sound that made it sound all the more attractive .
tr	2	I took a clean glass and pouring water in it , giving then to her .
tr	0	' Don 't worry . '
tr	3	Releasing his grip on my arm , my friend pointed towards a glimmering light that shown through the trees .
tr	2	She slogged across the spiky grass on her bare feet and scooped up her backpack .
tr	4	Marshall robotically closed the door to his room then walked across the pavement parking lot of the Motel , toward the street .
tr	5	One voice stood out in particular , a voice that I 'd grown accustomed to , one that had nudged its way into my heart .
tr	5	Some were brightly painted in shades of blue , but most were covered in modest earthen tones of brown , yellow , and dull red .
tr	2	' What is it that they 're trying to do , exactly ? '
tr	4	He was still staring at her in sudden interest when Adele reappeared , her cloak wrapped around her shoulders and her eyes down cast .
tr	3	My heart was demanding me to tell him back the same words , but my mind flew to Laurence .
tr	3	"Alex , I want you to time me ; you know when I 'm in danger . """
tr	4	""" Doesn 't look small , that 's all I know , "" replied Dr. Stadler , still suctioning the colon ."
tr	0	He still had plenty of lives left .
tr	2	But why he hadn 't enjoyed it from above deck , Chris had no idea .
tr	2	Alejo 's head reeled but he managed to focus , fingers digging into the phone .
tr	1	""" Eda , be silent , "" whispered back Adele ."
tr	1	""" OK , I should probably go alone ."
tr	0	""" I crush dreams for a living ."
tr	5	The professor had been courteous enough to introduce him to the foreman in charge of the operation , who had promised to keep disruptions to a minimum .
tr	3	""" I find you beautiful , "" Brand said , "" but -- "" "" Then have me . """
tr	4	Benjamin was quietly spreading goat cheese on a piece of bread , leaning his chair up against the wall next to Alejo .
tr	1	""" ' Felix Thorne himself killed you "" ."
tr	5	It is yet six months to the date that my father set for our nuptials , therefore no one will expect her to be moved .
tr	0	The first person she saw was Valerian .
tr	2	We are encouraging this type of immigration for only one reason , greed .
tr	1	She sat up , stretched and then winced .
tr	1	I don 't want any of their accursed jewels .
tr	4	Simply twisting the knob and strolling right in habitually , Link only considers knocking after the door is swinging open .
tr	4	"He 's keyed up and we don 't want him to get any more riled than he already is . """
tr	4	I had operatives waiting at Trans Central station , but after the city was evacuated Kron had to ... improvise .
tr	5	"Dane tapped the fuel gauge , "" We are also getting low on fuel , I 'll get a fuel can out and put some in . """
tr	2	I can guess your thoughts but I assure you , you have nothing to fear .
tr	2	A satisfied smile claimed Taylor 's face as he stepped out of the cabin .
tr	5	Ed knew sending messages by Morse code was the old-fashioned way , but with satellites knocked out , the old-fashioned ways would have to do .
tr	0	He gestured vaguely in my direction .
tr	4	The sliver of visible moon smiled down upon them like the Cheshire cat , while the comet continued its oblivious journey toward the sun .
tr	4	The footsteps suddenly ceased , and Neil got the feeling that the person , or thing , had become aware of him .
tr	5	Rafe laid a hand on the boy 's shoulder , giving him a slight smile as he removed his cloak and cast himself on the bed .
tr	2	There were several police and two para medics close to the bunker .
tr	4	You had the chance to betray us , a chance to end the Exiled Kindred forever , and you did not .
tr	0	""" I see your dilemma . """
tr	2	The way he ducks his head , has no idea how handsome he is .
tr	5	We took our time ambling along the coast allowing the scientists to do research as Puerto Rico had been fished heavily over the last couple of years .
tr	4	""" Greetings , young man , "" the figure proclaims , sitting atop the chest with his back strait and arms crossed ."
tr	5	"Considering how far from help our eight colonists are , imaginations will spin this out of control before you can say one term president . """
tr	5	Suddenly , a third glyph reveals itself beneath him , the elaborate pattern seeming to burn itself into the limestone permanently just as the others did .
tr	2	He pauses , and I think he 's actually waiting for a laugh .
tr	2	""" Now we might find a way to come to terms . """
tr	3	I haven 't done any flying since , well , you probably have heard since when .
tr	2	To one side stood a fully stocked fridge and bar with four stools .
tr	4	The older cadets shoved a few students aside as they tried to gain the exit , wanting to avoid being targeted by accident .
tr	2	Rafe turned and began to walk away , pondering the wisdom of telling her all .
tr	5	She didn 't want to open her soul to someone who stepped into her life so suddenly and didn 't make any impression on her .
tr	2	A part of me is fighting this , but her words are papery whispers .
tr	0	Karen in a t-shirt ?
tr	5	Matthew wanted to shrink away to nothing , as Bax lurched to his feet and glared over the table , a hard look in his eyes .
tr	4	The family accommodation area and service centers were a short walk from the service buildings on the other side of the highway .
tr	3	She matched some of her aging breading stock with some new young blood and it proved an instant success .
tr	4	He hunched miserably on a polished wooden chair , listening to the rhythmic tick of a clock from the kitchen off to the left .
tr	5	Surprised to find tears under her eyelashes , Claire pushed herself away and hurried after the group , who were already heading back to the bus .
tr	5	We didn 't exactly leave on the best of terms , and yesterday I made it worse because I had no clue he was shadowing me .
tr	0	""" Not a problem ."
tr	3	Next day I was making a routine check of the Hunter and came across the Icom SSB .
tr	5	Assuming that one criminal gang could find common ground to work with a rival gang , the bikers felt that they could reach a compromise .
tr	3	"And , as you can see , the "" half-breed "" survived his seventeenth death . '"
tr	5	Taylor taxied the plane to the downwind end of the field to give them enough room to clear the tall trees on the southern side .
tr	1	"I am an engineer , here to study technology . """
tr	1	Missy was pleased that he was asking for her opinion .
tr	1	I want you to perform as a trained operator .
tr	0	""" What is this ?"
tr	1	They had to be at least twenty feet clear .
tr	5	I can almost hear the churn of his thoughts as he weighs the risk I represent , the need for delicacy in dealing with me .
tr	5	Yes , I hold them out in front of me and see that the tips of my fingers give off a pale hedge of light .
tr	3	What we 'd seen at Versailles had been the epitome of opulence and oppressive social castes .
tr	2	She would be a wild cat , and he could not wait to tame her .
tr	3	Instead , he showed her around the city , telling her what it was like before the Invasion .
tr	5	His scalp still itched at the thought of all the ooze they had crawled through , and the live things slithering over his legs - ugh .
tr	0	""" Who is it ? """
tr	0	""" She 's not young . """
tr	2	My eyes widened , breaking the frozen tears that were still in my eyelashes .
tr	3	""" Virgil , "" she said , "" I simply cannot put up with such impertinence from servants ."
tr	1	The guys could even be sent after him to kill him .
tr	5	It was just as well that Cooke could take a joke and as he enjoyed his job he wore a chef 's white toque hat .
tr	4	The men listened passively and for a moment Sarah found herself wondering if they only spoke Gaelic although she knew that wasn 't true .
tr	1	But that kiss told me what he felt .
tr	0	""" My sister ! """
tr	2	Miriam waited until they had left , and she got up and followed them .
tr	2	The molten , burning asphalt stuck to Mark , burning his skin .
tr	5	With the cave lit by the fire , he got up and used an evergreen branch to brush away dust from the corner near the door .
tr	2	It was a circumstance that made for a very inauspicious start to an inevitable relationship .
tr	1	Each time , a new face doing the killing .
tr	0	You could easily dodge a speeding vehicle .
tr	1	Rafe struggled awkwardly for something to say but could find nothing .
tr	5	"Warrior 's secondary AI is online and ready for instruction , but her cortex is showing damage ... she 's unconscious , "" Valerie reports sadly ."
tr	4	I hadn 't realised that they were coming apart , but I sat down anyway , feigning surprise at finding them there .
tr	0	""" Will she be silent ? """
tr	0	no more raiders even .
tr	3	Though maybe they did it out of fear most times , she sensed a genuine respect toward him .
tr	2	They were rested and fully fed the first time in what seemed days .
tr	5	""" I 'm going to let you do yourself a favor by putting those fancy irons of yours on the table where I can see them . """
tr	5	"I dare say if it had not been for our betrothal he might have been married long ago and would even now have children . """
tr	5	As the address was way out in the sticks he hadn 't visited her yet but was he , Teddy , in Spain , still interested ?
tr	4	Orb after orb of dark energy swells just above his open palm before they are thrown downward , causing widespread destruction below .
tr	5	He let the hair fall back over his ear and they both sat there , smiling , enjoying the moment of feeling like naughty missionaries .
tr	5	Now armed with personal weapons , these units were the local security needed to help the police and sheriff 's offices maintain control over the criminal elements .
tr	5	He waited for something , not really sure what that might be , in the dim light of the family room for what seemed like an eternity .
tr	5	Releasing his sword for the moment , Dark Link catches the blade after a single rotation overhead , cutting diagonally downward in an impossible display of skill .
tr	3	""" If you two are done harping , can we discuss something of actual importance ? """
tr	2	At least I was pretty sure my life wouldn 't end tonight .
tr	4	Above , the room he was previously standing in has been destroyed , any chance of escape via portal now impossible .
tr	3	""" Come on Pixie Girl , "" Ryan says closing his big , boring and utterly practical textbook ."
tr	5	I projected , if the wheels did indeed come off the wagon , it wouldn 't happen before 2030 , which gave me a comfortable margin .
tr	2	It now held part of the venison I had shot on the Juniper Club .
tr	2	I find the crumpled body of a man a half mile away from our stakeout .
tr	4	"I was eager to learn everything , and at the age of twenty-five he adopted me as his son . """
tr	3	"He whispered in her ear , "" Don 't worry , I 'll be fine . """
tr	0	I couldn 't read his expression .
tr	0	Sarah shook her head .
tr	5	But he had rallied yet again , at which point Hawk was obliged to admit great admiration for the way the general had recovered his composure .
tr	4	He then punched the gas , letting the shiny , newer taxi climb up towards wherever their final destination would be .
tr	2	Taylor 's eyes lit up at the sight of the unexpected treasure .
tr	0	And on and on we 'd go .
tr	3	In a fit of rage I swore to Alfred I would put an end to it all .
tr	3	My legs trembled and panic set my skin on fire as I scooted around his body .
tr	4	"They stopped anyone from using it , which might be thought of as destruction , but it isn 't gone . """
tr	0	""" Don 't shoot its eyes ! """
tr	5	"They said he was a prodigy and held him up as an example of how the school district "" turned around "" a troubled teen ."
tr	1	My heartbeat felt like gunshots going off in my chest .
tr	5	""" Tell me , "" she added , tracing the rim of her cup with one slim finger , "" when did you hire the governess ? """
tr	2	I have a fix on 006 's position , and you 're right .
tr	0	He says you 're obsessed with it .
tr	1	"And I know your secret in the basement . """
tr	1	Taylor almost did not recognize himself in the unfamiliar wardrobe .
tr	5	It gave him the appearance of a homeless person , which Gizmo didn 't seem to notice , but it got him teased a lot at school .
tr	3	My head banged into the rock-hard ceiling , and I bit my tongue to avoid crying out .
tr	5	More birds landed and it seemed as if the whole sanctuary was encircling us , the beaks and eyes of all the birds quiet and staring .
tr	3	I pushed aside the dread coursing through my veins and turned to study the metal doors in our path .
tr	5	"Then she went on , "" The Governor is going to dedicate all of this to the African children who died here in the shipwreck ."
tr	3	by the way the Colonel is involved , called me about it this morning ... ... .
tr	2	I smiled weakly through the cloud of dust and grabbed the hand he offered .
tr	4	""" The tents have been reconstructed on the other side of the camp , joining our camp with Rand 's ."
tr	4	She hesitated , trying to think of some way out of it , but Cade shook his head a fraction .
tr	4	For a brief instant , he couldn 't catch his breath , but then he was running just as hard as they were .
tr	1	""" Isn 't that the end of personal accountability ? """
tr	3	He owns a security business with branches both here in England and in the Far East .
tr	2	""" Come here , I 'll show you , "" she finally agreed ."
tr	0	The frown still marred her brow .
tr	2	""" Hope you 're feeling better , anyway we 'll not stay longer here . """
tr	3	Her body trembled under every touch as his fingers moved into the core of her excitement .
tr	4	There had always been legends of White Wolves talking , but he always assumed they were just that : legends .
tr	2	""" Going back in time ... going back to where they came from ."
tr	2	The beep of the machine was loud in the silence that followed .
tr	3	"Maya ... "" he looks up at me , and the trickster light is gone from his eyes ."
tr	0	"You must know ! """
tr	0	Would you mind posting a review ?
tr	3	We must be watching on the nights the stars move , and then we will understand .
tr	4	""" Mr. Bender , your tether looks fine but make sure you keep a firm grip on the bulkhead , OK ?"
tr	2	Her eyes show how she feels and she is not afraid like most .
tr	5	' Gentlemen , I believe we can get this show on the road so I will ask the General and Commissioner to leave and commence their operations .
tr	3	I dragged my gaze from the imposing sky rise and looked at the clock on the console .
tr	4	The elevator finally stopped , the doors opening on rich marble floors in what looked like an ordinary office building .
tr	3	Laurence smiled to me without answering my question , going to the luggage , starting to unpack them .
tr	1	The basilisk suddenly darted out from behind the door .
tr	3	Bobby had made it sound so nice and peaceful , he thought , like floating away on billowing clouds .
tr	1	He pushed into Misty 's left flank and tried to pass .
tr	1	Malcolm dove under the nearest sweeping tree branches .
tr	3	"I said , "" Point taken , you 're right , we haven 't tried that one yet ."
tr	5	He knew in the future there would again be a need to fight and he did not want his limp to put him at a disadvantage .
tr	0	The rest of the crew adores you .
tr	5	""" I guess future generations won 't be traveling to Willows Grange Hall to witness where the peace treaty was signed , "" Ed joked ."
tr	3	Taylor could not shake the feeling that they had unwittingly been adopted into a new family .
tr	1	Somehow a lie seemed safer than the truth .
tr	3	They went through the doors on the left and entered another room the same size as the dining room .
tr	2	He still knelt in front of her , tightly holding her arms .
tr	0	""" What signal ? """
tr	2	Tears might have streaked my dirty cheeks but I didn 't pay any mind .
tr	0	""" Why no , my lord ."
tr	4	""" Then I suggest you return to your unit and take her with you before she gets you both into trouble . """
tr	4	Already prepared to jump , Rift promptly loses his balance as a hurricane of strikes pelt his head and torso mercilessly .
tr	0	""" I love you . """
tr	4	Looking up into his twisted face as he wedged a knee between hers , Elaina was unable to do anything but scream .
tr	5	They had no trouble finding Gunther Road or the next six turns but they both agreed that it was taking too long and they were hungry .
tr	3	The light came from the little lamp on the desk , shining down on two pieces of paper .
tr	1	The American looked up and , amazingly , smiled .
tr	0	The trophy presentation lasted longer than anticipated .
tr	4	Cowards , thieves , murderers -- they care less about criminals than women who refuse to submit to their husbands .
tr	3	Yet even with the distraction of a looming , enjoyable meal , Ward could not escape his current predicament .
tr	1	A lot less tricky with a fully saddled horse .
tr	2	He was in unfamiliar territory now and on land owned by the federal government .
tr	4	"Saladin Ahmed , Detroit , MI August 2012 Where Virtue Lives "" I 'm telling you , Doctor , its eyes -- its teeth !"
tr	4	They 've taken over a large portion of the city and police aren 't even allowing entry into their areas .
tr	5	Before Teddy could say anything I totally agreed with him and headed full steam towards a purplish apparition ( with green stripes ) that was parked nearby .
tr	1	She had to read the letter twice to understand the contents .
tr	3	He emptied the magazine in the direction of the approaching immortals , the Glock jerking in his hands .
tr	4	His glance tracked each mustache 's cut as he sought a glimpse of the face , haunting in its familiarity .
tr	4	She was angry and afraid , a combination of which she had felt pretty much nonstop since the crisis had happened .
tr	2	Then at last he heard a soft stirring , then an echo .
tr	3	""" I 'd still be in a lab someplace if it wasn 't for you guys . """
tr	0	Love , Sarah P.S. .
tr	4	I think everybody had the same thought , but you 'll never guess what I saw when I opened my eyes .
tr	4	They crossed a low , rolling field which was muddied from the rain and entered a wooded ravine to their right .
tr	0	' What did you expect ?
tr	3	When done , leave it to me to guess whether you made it up or not .
tr	3	Rand shook his head , words sticking in his throat even as he fought to express himself .
tr	5	There was another scream of pain , and the creature brought down its iron mace with such strength that it left a crater in the ground .
tr	4	It seemed heavier than it should be for its size and was encrusted with what looked like rust and mineral deposits and grime .
tr	1	She didn 't take her eyes off the burning cottage .
tr	1	""" Sarah , please , "" Mike said ."
tr	2	"I suspect you each have a few undocumented passengers right now . """
tr	5	"Let the earth they stand on feel the lightness of their hearts and let the birds in the sky sing the joy of their souls . """
tr	0	""" Just a minute , Trae ."
tr	0	"They 'll be itching all night . """
tr	4	Joyce gave Sam a dirty look and he handed her a bottle and marched off the boat with the rest .
tr	2	"Always take the left fork and pay for what you eat . """
tr	4	"Neil cleared his throat and asked , "" What are we going to do on the mainland , Mana ? """
tr	1	""" Let me tell you how it is Mrs. Mason ."
tr	5	Her initial years of school were in San Francisco before her father received a promotion and they moved out of suburbia and closer to Silicon Valley .
tr	3	Maybe this is oversimplified but it 's a good litmus test when deciding on the worthiness of a candidate .
tr	2	And then he felt the prick of a very wicked knife pressed against his throat .
tr	2	The small groups of musicians played music and whisked me back to the 1800s .
tr	3	""" Hi , I 'm Lonnie , "" he said , "" and this is Ricky ."
tr	4	Somewhere nearby , a girl can be heard crying weakly , prompting the Queen to teleport to a higher vantage point .
tr	0	""" Are you both alright ? """
tr	0	""" But why ? """
tr	2	Chapter Eighteen They were a silent procession , each man ill at ease .
tr	0	' Is everyone all right ? '
tr	2	""" The Irish aren 't afraid of a little bad weather , "" Sarah said ."
tr	5	Marko and Darya got married , but the wedding was a sad affair , they had both gone through too much and suffered too many losses .
tr	4	"After you used your papa 's spy equipment to see if he ever talked to your mother and he caught you . """
tr	5	""" If using one 's own blood enhanced the immune system so much reproduction became impossible what would happen if we used other blood instead ?"
tr	4	""" I brought this meeting up at the executive council and both the President and County Executive insisted they join me . """
tr	1	Dave rolled to the right and searched blindly for the lighter .
tr	1	She and David spoke little on the ride home .
tr	4	The girls looked at each other guiltily ; the shock of the kids ' father being dead knocked them back a bit .
tr	4	He could already feel bruises forming on his arms and legs where the wood had struck him , but he was ready for more .
tr	2	I discovered you 've made quite a name for yourself over the years .
tr	2	The windows in the small room were covered by rickety bamboo blinds .
tr	1	She turned on her recording device and started capturing the dialogue .
tr	1	Taylor just looked at her with a raised eyebrow and nodded .
tr	0	and Pierre gasped in shock .
tr	1	Blood dripped from the edges of my blades .
tr	5	""" You 're lucky I 'm injured or I 'd dunk you mercilessly , brat , "" he warned as he waded into the water ."
tr	1	""" Come on , Seamus , "" she called ."
tr	3	"There are only three things to guide us : strength ; guile ; and pure , dumb luck . """
tr	1	William cleared his throat and rearranged himself on the sofa .
tr	2	Our time was running out , and I couldn 't just leave him here .
tr	1	All I must ask you is not to reveal our location .
tr	5	Baran did his trick again , freezing the Nagas by Raine , and between the five of us we were able to fight off the others .
tr	1	"Could memorize whole books in an afternoon . """
tr	5	A handful of soft words from his father , and Gan had let himself be tricked into believing the man could care like other people .
tr	5	Julie turned her head at the sound of the sliding glass door , and saw Greg , smiling , with two glasses in his hand .
tr	1	She wanted proof so my dad wouldn 't fire her .
tr	2	Every piece of mail we get addressed to Mom makes her absence that much worse .
tr	3	I haven 't been to Germany before , but that 's not from lack of desire .
tr	0	Chris was shocked by this revelation .
tr	5	""" Relax , and enjoy the company of a handsome man and food you didn 't prepare yourself , "" he said with a smile ."
tr	4	He couldn 't even bring himself to mention the name of Jesus in this discussion as his reason for leaving Islam .
tr	3	The JP also knew the WTR northern force was near Fulton and that its eastern flank was exposed .
tr	2	There was a small pop , which evidently was the small bottle being uncorked .
tr	1	The incident at Gif had already made the news .
tr	1	Eda straightened from her awkward position with difficulty .
tr	5	She couldn 't begin to put a figure on the human toll , not to mention the economic impact the blast would have on Russia .
tr	1	I , on the other hand , had been neither .
tr	3	You 'd ask and ask , and all you 'd get back was a look as hard as rocks .
tr	2	As soon as he was gone , Aimee turned and hugged me .
tr	0	Another 6 milligrams now .
tr	1	' What of Victor and the others ? '
tr	5	His passion may be useful , like a rabid dog can be useful against your enemies , so long as it does not bite you first .
tr	3	He pulled aside the gauzy red curtain and peered outside , probably checking for any bad guys .
tr	1	He 'd tried to lure us out before .
tr	0	To his surprise , the man smiled .
tr	1	"He will continue to cause what trouble he may . """
tr	4	He was a fan of that famous American athlete and dearly wanted his new son to follow in his namesakes footsteps .
tr	4	He got his nods of agreement from everyone even though the defiant look on Spade 's face was not too reassuring .
tr	0	Perhaps that would help .
tr	5	She placed a thermometer in Candice 's mouth , and then made a note on the medical chart clipped at the end of the bed .
tr	0	""" Except that . """
tr	3	"If they mean to capture or kill you , they 'll tell you to your face . """
tr	1	she waved her arms around broadly for effect .
tr	4	The bow often contained smaller , long-range guns intended to interdict an enemy 's rigging or punch a hole in her hull .
tr	0	The words sank in and something broke .
tr	4	He didn 't know what mechanism was at work to reanimate their skeletal remains and put flesh back on their bones .
tr	1	He had not even considered that she had spent winters here .
tr	0	""" Who is your master ? """
tr	1	They entered the old village site early in the morning .
tr	1	Probably little kids , he thought , or girls .
tr	1	""" I turned them out , "" he said ."
tr	2	His head wound slowly closed up , leaving behind only a faint , gray bruise .
tr	5	Almost a quarter of the Vulcans in the fleet were taking it in turns to fire on the target for a few seconds at a time .
tr	4	------- Rafe did not hear Adele approach , he was too busy cursing himself for being every sort of fool .
tr	4	His closeness to Adele , but his inability to get closer , was a sweet torment that both frustrated and yet excited him .
tr	1	"It 's over two billion dollars now . """
tr	0	The next morning it was raining .
tr	5	"The Captain continued , "" Mr. Greene , words cannot express how much I have valued you as a friend and as a member of my crew ."
tr	4	His eyes remained fixed so intently upon Adele that she blushed , swallowed nervously , and tried to withdraw her hand from his .
tr	3	As soon as the sorrow appeared in Peyton 's eyes , it disappeared , replaced by a steely determination .
tr	2	I must take this back somehow , undo the damage I have caused .
tr	5	All thinking alike , the trio crept through the dark and eerie landscape , being careful not to stumble on any of the smaller headstones .
tr	5	As the police vehicle trundled through the streets of London , Ken Vernon or Kenny as he liked to be called pondered on his life .
tr	2	He stood affixed to the ground as if his feet were embedded in granite .
tr	5	When he found the place they were looking for , Daniel waited outside the danger zone around of the man lying in the small clearing .
tr	3	I 'd not only find out the secret behind Mom 's secret assignment but I 'd see her again .
tr	3	The screaming had subsided , and Oskar 's movements had died away in the dark room .
tr	4	""" I can hardly hear her , "" Tom complained , "" and there is no black smoke coming out ."
tr	0	""" Look , Alex !"
tr	4	He pulled down the tinted visors over the windshield and for the first time in weeks relaxed into his seat .
tr	0	""" I trusted you . """
tr	2	David knelt by Gavin 's still form and unbuckled the gun and its holster .
tr	1	The back door opens , and Gabe eases down beside me .
tr	2	""" But I 've never been all the way down to the sand ."
tr	2	When I look into his eyes I seem to hear his thoughts .
tr	3	He held himself tall , a man who had power and was prepared to use it with devastating effect .
tr	2	But he imagined this is what it must feel like to do so .
tr	4	Many days ' traveling to the west will bring us to the open savannas , where the black tribes graze their cattle .
tr	5	"But something the man had said earlier came back to him : "" The way a man dresses be the way he is perceived . """
tr	4	Because of that scratch , Micah had a constant reminder of the only man skilled enough to be considered a worthy opponent .
tr	0	She was just bathing in his revelation .
tr	1	Important to strike while the iron 's hot .
tr	0	It had to burn out by itself .
tr	1	""" You don 't need the gun , "" David said ."
tr	2	Gema whispered and turned away to be introduced to David and Pauline .
tr	2	The blow lifted the shapeshifter off his feet and sent him flying into the pool .
tr	5	He sipped from the same neck without wiping the edge clean , and Julie thought it was kind of nice that he didn 't discard her taste .
tr	5	Trinity often tried to tell him they had ran away from a home for orphans when they were smaller but he didn 't like to believe her .
tr	2	""" All I can do is make sure she 's eating something besides garbage . """
tr	0	Rick asked T how the device worked .
tr	3	"I am sure they have a bunch of tools at the farm where we are headed . """
tr	0	""" They would hurt them ?"
tr	4	After three months of steady , unfailing obedience from his followers , the disaster at the American 's farm had shocked and destabilized him .
tr	5	I wore the mask , my face itchy and hot , but I also had a hoody on that I had pulled over my head .
tr	1	""" Everyone is so excited about those damn phones ."
tr	0	""" It sucks . """
tr	2	' It 's okay , Maria , ' he said in heavily accented English .
tr	3	""" Do not regard it ; ' tis only that I am still a little cold . """
tr	4	At his side , an impressive saber bounced , and a wickedly pointed bayonet waited on top of his shouldered musket .
tr	3	With the last pull of the saw , the lower leg completely detached from the upper leg .
tr	1	William will be famous , just like you .
tr	3	Dickie busied himself at work but wasn 't as happy at the golf course as he had been before .
tr	4	Struggling to line up a shot , the boy fails to notice the monster has slowly approached for another attempt to consume him .
tr	5	""" I thought so , "" she replied softly as she untied her rope belt , slid her pants down her legs and stepped out of them ."
tr	4	"In order to do this without innocent blood being shed , we must come up with a plan in the next few hours . """
tr	5	He didn 't attend school the next day , but sat in his mother 's favorite rocking chair on the front porch and waited for company .
tr	1	""" Have you ever read any of them ? """
tr	1	She obviously had not lost her quirky sense of humor .
tr	1	They were good people and they didn 't rile easily .
tr	2	The room was the shape of a dome : twenty feet high , thirty wide .
tr	1	Some thought she even picked up speed the closer she came .
tr	2	Chapter Seventeen ~ It was after midnight when the men assembled down at the marina .
tr	4	Like me , his shuffling feet belied any motivation , and pieces of his costume ball were slipping off his shoulders with each step .
tr	4	He stood there for a long time , turning the sword restlessly , but slowly , as though he found the movement therapeutic .
tr	0	And that maybe they had been friends .
tr	0	And this suit was really itchy .
tr	4	They were French and English both , but once our men had smashed their way through the defenses , no quarter was given .
tr	4	There was no one to disturb us , and tt last we sat in companionable silence , each lost in our own thoughts .
tr	3	One by one the others came out of the container and joined Taylor at the airplane .
tr	3	Always and I mean always call me from a public phone and never use the same one twice .
tr	0	No doubt checking out his bulging muscles .
tr	3	As Octavian began walking down the street , the scene skipped forward to where he had the necklace .
tr	1	I poked my head in the door on the right .
tr	0	' Do you need a hand ? '
tr	3	It lit the area immediately about us , but the light was powerless after a few feet .
tr	4	The bags in which he 'd found the tools were generic things , sold at hundreds of outlets throughout the region .
tr	0	The flesh was still warm .
tr	0	Not a Bolivian name .
tr	3	"They were all supposed to be back two months ago , but no one has returned . """
tr	4	""" No , this isn 't ... "" Sarah took a breath as she felt the anxiety climbing higher into her chest ."
tr	5	Blade 's dark face appears on the screen , surrounded by stars , his blue eyes glowing , three sharp horns sticking out of his knobby forehead .
tr	0	' Got your seatbelt on ? '
tr	3	There 's a pub in town where I can get you set up with a couple of rooms .
tr	4	The people looked up to him and along with their father he built up the estate and expanded the business .
tr	5	Considering that the stars were always out and the lighting remained constant , it was difficult to tell when the days ended and the nights began .
tr	3	There was no sun , only thick mist and there was a decided chill in the air .
tr	3	""" Still ; I do not like the idea of being unaware of his whereabouts . """
tr	1	"And ... "" My mind spins and comes up empty ."
tr	2	His hands slid down my back to the hem of my shirt .
tr	1	usually by the shoe boy in the club 's lobby .
tr	2	Hopefully that meant whoever was on the outside couldn 't see me .
tr	5	I would prefer a captive from the transport vehicles , but I think that the men inside the building could know as much as the drivers .
tr	5	' Not able to please both families I caved to Alan 's request and without the blessing of my parents married on my eighteenth birthday .
tr	5	I can still feel the sea air blast out all that hay , horse dung and saddle soap that seemed to cling to our skin .
tr	3	Forty-five million people lived in this city in buildings that stretched up to three thousand meters high .
tr	3	It isn 't fair to everyone else , she thought wildly , and there are two of them !
tr	2	"I do believe there may be one aspect of spirits you neglected to mention "" ."
tr	0	""" It has to be Peyton ."
tr	4	Nathan told him he needed to put them out of their misery , but didn 't want to use a gun .
tr	2	I thought that was only possible in movies , ' said Reid .
tr	2	The figures riding pillion had pulled semi-automatic guns out of their jackets .
tr	1	We 're really the Three Musketeers , aren 't we ?
tr	4	They had nothing with which to put out the flames and it was too dangerous to attempt to retrieve any belongings from inside .
tr	4	Instead of seizing and manipulating the web of the stone itself , her touch seemed to make it crack and dissolve entirely .
tr	1	""" My daughter can bake a mean birthday cake ."
tr	3	So you 've just got in and the Lady 's feeling the ride , is it ?
tr	4	He didn 't want to ask her outright if she was literate -- it would embarrass her if she wasn 't .
tr	5	The ride to the nearest gas station was twenty miles and since we were in a farmer 's pickup truck it took us forty minutes .
tr	3	Eventually I must have drifted off to sleep , for Logan shook me awake some time later .
tr	2	""" Get up , "" the guard ordered , dragging him to his feet ."
tr	4	She had known the answer before she 'd asked , but hearing him say it was a thousand times worse .
tr	5	In addition , I can 't read your mind , but I assume Julian can 't do it either , otherwise , he would already be here .
tr	5	""" I have been in the wild many times , maybe not under these circumstances , but I am always aware of my place . """
tr	2	"It 's in your blood , and it 's your duty . """
tr	0	""" What are we having ? """
tr	4	The girls casually strolled toward the house , occasionally glancing back where Rick was crouched , commenting on how he tensely watched them .
tr	1	"Hopefully we didn 't break any windows . """
tr	1	Mr. Stark lets me keep all of the profits .
tr	4	With a glance over her shaking form to the stillness of the wagon , Cade leaned over her to whisper in her ear .
tr	2	My body is so exhausted from the strain that I can hardly stand .
tr	3	Cody Hunt stuck his head through the door and walked over to Taylor to greet their travel companions .
tr	4	If it came to a fight , the Prince would need to get in close and then get away quickly .
tr	3	John asked , looking from the rain to his mother 's face as if trying to decipher her thoughts .
tr	1	Her face was pale and as ancient as the stars .
tr	3	He loomed for ages before stepping into the house , swiftly and violently slamming the door in his wake .
tr	4	The man who had been speaking stood from behind the barricade , and Nathan noticed he was a Staff Sergeant .
tr	4	Chris realized then it was all on him , that it was he who had unwittingly summoned the pirates from their slumber .
tr	3	"Only think ; in these last few moments I have gained that which I had thought lost forever . """
tr	3	Since there was no polite answer to this , Miriam merely raised the corners of her mouth .
tr	3	After finishing their breakfast , Chris stood and wiped the sand from his butt before wandering toward the seashore .
tr	1	"I 'll get back to you later . """
tr	0	"Run for Heart . """
tr	0	I loved this city .
tr	4	He had only left Finan 's side long enough to walk them back to their tent and station two guards to keep them safe .
tr	0	Then I saw the hat .
tr	1	Did she have to make it look so good ?
tr	3	Then it was that he saw , not a gargantuan blossom , but a dark-skinned man standing above her .
tr	0	Someone yelled ' Stop !
tr	0	""" Nothing , my lady . """
tr	3	There was a short struggle and the sound of fabric rustling , then there was a long pause .
tr	0	Her other brother Manuel was the farmer .
tr	3	That 's silly , Tommy thought , but he obeyed anyway and took a deep breath .
tr	4	And yet , as he looked at her now , he realized what he was about to propose was impossible .
tr	5	""" Let me see -- "" With a quickness amazing in one of her bulk she snatched his sword and threw it across the chamber ."
tr	1	Scott Lyndon nodded then surveyed the bed of logs .
tr	0	His wife followed him .
tr	2	Reid studied me for a while longer before rising from his seat .
tr	5	One of the few that ever talks about anything other than taking over the world or putting this or that nemesis in a death trap .
tr	4	In water , he not only wouldn 't ever suffer from fatigue , he could heal any injury in seconds .
tr	0	""" Whoa , son !"
tr	4	Beside him , a huge cliff stretched so far up that when Neil looked for the top , he felt dizzy .
tr	1	' That was quite a show , ' Victor said mildly .
tr	0	"Why do you ask ? """
tr	5	The stench of stale air mingled with garbage -- I would 've gave anything to trade my gas mask in for an oxygen mask right about now .
tr	0	Okay , screw that .
tr	4	This is the seed of something truly amazing , and for once I 'm happy to have shown up for a Society meeting .
tr	2	Obviously , they were just as tired of hearing it as Neil was .
tr	2	Even during the first week of our recovery at the fort she kept her distance .
tr	2	""" A superhero ... You know , cape , tights , super-powers . """
tr	1	"At least at first , "" the other man said ."
tr	0	His bulk dwarfed her small frame .
tr	1	Joy burst through my veins and flooded my body .
tr	0	That was not the plan .
tr	3	But what always amazed me was the wide expanse of blue , like I was overlooking the entire world .
tr	4	Each of the warrior 's heads concealed behind a perforated shell , just like ancient gladiators they are void of any features .
tr	5	We will use the jelly beans , trail mix , and peanuts when we need to travel , if we are forced to abandon the aircraft .
tr	1	I spun the car to the left sharply .
tr	2	He grabbed my shoulders and heaved me inside the tunnel a heartbeat later .
tr	3	""" As with so many of the Lodge of God 's Traditions , this is a matter of interpretation ."
tr	2	Rags only partly covered her gaunt frame , revealing half-naked limbs strangely unnatural in appearance .
tr	4	By the time she was hidden by the branches on the far side , he was already mounted and moving south .
tr	4	They remade the beds with more care than they had ever done their own in the past then high-fived each other .
tr	0	What has that fat old dude done ?
tr	2	Avarice and greed crept through the financial system until they became the norm .
tr	0	That was Tammy 's .
tr	1	""" At least it 's not squirrel again . """
tr	2	""" If you care about you life , then I suggest you to obey . """
tr	2	"And yes , I suppose you both still have a lot to learn . """
tr	4	In addition to the walks and chats , we took advantage of other benefits of our hideaway , namely the fencing .
tr	4	"the old doc questioned with a bit of suspicion , then added , "" Don 't tell me you 're gray ? """
tr	5	John remembered finding an unused alcove and lay down on a makeshift bunk , looked up at the mildewed arched ceiling and tried to sleep .
tr	0	' You found the trucks ? '
tr	3	' And can you imagine me swearing fealty to her , like in the old days ? '
tr	0	' You mean -- ' Tomas started .
tr	4	Moving so close did not grant him the unstoppable power he expected , and this realization has pushed him away .
tr	0	""" You were there !"
tr	5	"Al approached his son and shook his hand saying , "" You 'll never know how proud I am of y ' a son , eh ? """
tr	2	If I made it through this , I 'd confess to everything .
tr	1	The broken voice of his father sliced through his heart .
tr	4	But after looking up again , he could tell the captain appreciated the effort anyway as the two waved goodbye .
tr	0	I blew air through my lips .
tr	5	Jeff was now stifling a laugh and Jenny was still convulsing silently as the stream finally stopped and they heard footsteps leading away from the rail above .
tr	4	The King utters a weak sigh upon hearing his daughter 's voice , painfully attempting to rise and locate her .
tr	4	""" Ok , "" Steve said and returned to the office in the same slow pace he had used before ."
tr	5	""" I wanted to tell you , sir , that you were right and I should have listened to your advice , "" confessed Rafe ."
tr	1	Jimmy didn 't like where this was going .
tr	0	What would they do to me ?
tr	2	He leaned forward and before I could officially object , he kissed me .
tr	4	There was no doubt left in her listener that the words she spoke were drawn from a place of great wisdom and clarity .
tr	1	' Does this mean he 's in Switzerland ? '
tr	2	""" And don 't come back with him , "" she told him ."
tr	3	He reared his back , over his shoulder , as if it were a baseball bat .
tr	5	His pants are barely hanging from his hips from all the rips in it , much of his legs are exposed , displaying deep cuts and gashes .
tr	4	Professor Cobb still came every day , rolling up his sleeves , taking charge , and digging in with the students .
tr	5	I didn 't have names for half of what she was doing ; mostly I regretted not being able to watch her as she fought .
tr	1	On their way to a beach resort in Brazil .
tr	1	Their claws were sharp and their digging was fast and methodical .
tr	5	On each side of the river was a public walkway which lay in the narrow area between the river and the houses which backed onto it .
tr	3	""" I know that part , "" said Nathan , "" we 've had conversations of just such matters ."
tr	3	Rafe was silent for a moment , his head bent and his eyes fixed on the floor .
tr	5	Mr. Jones , if you want to lead this group of pilots , I expect you to be the first person to finish next Friday 's race .
tr	3	""" I killed one of them , "" she said , staring directly into Mike 's eyes ."
tr	4	Rafe heaved a sigh of relief , and then it struck him that she had not really answered his question .
tr	3	We had a lot of fun playing with that ring while we transported it to your wedding .
tr	3	""" I am sorry ; I did not mean to bring to mind something that pains you . """
tr	2	' It won 't be practical for all of us to go that way . '
tr	1	""" It was actually one of Michael 's long lasting riddles ."
tr	3	I give Gabe a sheepish oops , sorry I 'm a killer of small and adorable animals smile .
tr	5	So far there had been nothing untoward , traffic was normal and , as usual , pedestrian traffic was almost non-existent being a light industrial park .
tr	1	I might just as well make the best of it .
tr	5	Still , I knew some of my darkness must come from him and I wondered how much he knew it was a part of him .
tr	0	"Wilbur built an airplane ! """
tr	3	""" Perhaps we should start with a brief on where we 're at with the current airships ? """
tr	4	""" I need to ask something , "" she starts , moving closer as Rift steps away from the door ."
tr	2	"Surprised , she responded , "" It 's not so bad . """
tr	5	Clothing which had Astrid known would not have looked out of place in a twenty first century shopping centre but to Viking eyes were very odd indeed .
tr	1	Satisfied with his cleansing , he slowly washed away the soap .
tr	3	But it was pushing outward and Missy had nowhere to step to from her crouching position .
tr	4	"This bloke said Dublin 's got power on and off already and he heard Limerick , too , although he wasn 't positive . """
tr	4	""" If forensics had been a little better back then , the only meetings we 'd be having would be parole hearings . """
tr	0	He broke into a broad grin .
tr	5	Neil felt his foot cramping and his legs going to sleep , but he didn 't dare move while the driver sat in the cart .
tr	5	When she reached her room , Claire looked at her bed and felt an almost irresistible urge to climb under the covers and close her eyes again .
tr	0	He seems so remorseless in the daylight .
tr	3	"All of the other doors are too thick , too guarded , or too visible to use . """
tr	5	The light provided by kerosene lighting was adequate for some things , but for detailed things like reading or needlework , it was hard on the eyes .
tr	3	""" We don 't have to go back , "" he managed to state calmly through the abuse ."
tr	5	For now he decided to keep his plans to himself , to go with whatever she was planning , and then take it from there .
tr	2	Sarah pulled on a sweatshirt and joined David and John in front of the TV .
tr	5	Between the second and the third building there was a gap one building wide , through which Bradley and John usually passed to get to their entrance .
tr	1	About two thousand feet , ' the Bastian Hunter replied briskly .
tr	5	"Well , I could , but now you know how to get out so , well , uh ... "" The two boys stared at each other ."
tr	3	Hundreds of fish flapped about in the mud , totally confused as to what had happened to their world .
tr	5	In order to make their study , they rented two luxury houseboats , along with jet skies , and an ultra light plane on floats .
tr	1	They made themselves comfortable and Edie May began her tale .
tr	4	"We have to see to the settlement , and find the catalyst engine for that Machine , wherever Pearson left it . """
tr	0	He didn 't know that much .
tr	3	"Within the next couple days -- "" Alex adjusted the display , zooming out and rotating around the room ."
tr	1	""" Don 't worry , Julie , "" she said ."
tr	5	On their starboard side -- Hatley still insisted on calling it right just to annoy the sailors -- the grey mountains of Baffin Island sailed past .
tr	5	At that question , I wanted somehow to tell him the truth about that night , but I preferred to lower my look back to my knees .
tr	2	Chris went to his history class with Mr. Cobb on Tuesdays and Thursdays .
tr	1	She gaped back at him , still not quite believing this .
tr	1	All except Sykes , that is , who continued his leer .
tr	1	She chuckled when he too pleaded gruffly , her eyes shimmering .
tr	1	George will have the camera , photograph everything and anything .
tr	0	Jimmy was very surprised by this .
tr	1	Yes , I am definitely going to enjoy this voyage .
tr	4	All he had wanted was a son that would make him proud , who would follow in his illustrious footsteps .
tr	0	But then I found these little guys .
tr	3	Rafe was taken aback by the image , and felt very stupid for conceiving such a foolish notion .
tr	0	"Those are her letters of thanks . """
tr	2	The three of them lay in the dry padi as Harry disappeared behind them .
tr	0	' You were helping him ? '
tr	2	""" What do you mean , "" Chris asked , not understanding ."
tr	1	His eyes cleared and he glanced down the tunnels .
tr	0	He 's one of them !
tr	1	The smaller frigate usually accompanied the merchant ship as extra security .
tr	1	Gabriel , it 's not about the money !
tr	1	""" But ... how will you cook it ? """
tr	2	Beneath us , I could feel all the power of those waves .
tr	2	""" A lot of the chaps don 't like him for that ."
tr	0	""" At dawn she opened the gates ."
tr	1	""" Make yourself at home , Jacob , "" William said ."
tr	3	One glance was enough to convince her that her companion knew exactly what she was thinking .
tr	1	He reemerged with the items he was looking for .
tr	2	""" Take her away , "" he barked to no one in particular ."
tr	3	"I would like to visit you again and talk , if you would not mind . """
tr	0	""" What 're you talking about ? """
tr	4	""" Let 's see if I can drive this bad boy , "" said Beau to himself has he pressed down on the throttle ."
tr	1	""" How long ago did you meet him ? """
tr	4	Cautiously holding the poisoned pike away from her , she thrust her head through the branches and addressed the monster .
tr	3	Neil stumbled on a sharp shell , cursed , and joined Simon by the sheer stone .
tr	3	He is doing something with his hands ... she stepped closer to the lace screening her from their view .
tr	1	""" What we can do is present a more tempting target ."
tr	5	Sophia got everything done : she completed the repair of the flat , bought furniture and finally flew to England with Michael to join Alexander .
tr	5	She turned it another way and tried again -- if it were already pointing to him , by chance , it would appear not to work .
tr	2	I stiffened , a tremor of shock coursing through me at his words .
tr	3	she shouted , oblivious to all the eyes on her , tears streaming down her face .
tr	5	He knew the layout of the mining facility as well as anyone on Earth , and his knowledge of the terrain far exceeded any other candidate .
tr	0	The door beeped and swung open .
tr	0	None wanted to meet his eye .
tr	4	Luckily , she wasn 't racing this time or she would be nursing some skinned knees and elbows , or worse , she thought .
tr	0	Josie ran to Jimmy .
tr	1	""" Does some super-secret evil villain live here ? """
tr	1	Alejo closed the door and turned on the light .
tr	4	""" Ok , now I 'm sweating , "" Noah said , rubbing a hand across his face and sucking in a deep breath ."
tr	3	""" Gabe of all trades , "" he whispers , hat turned forward and pulled low over his face ."
tr	1	They had discovered this entrance the first week of the summer .
tr	1	""" It 's not a big deal . """
tr	5	""" Everybody clear out , "" Ed said , "" Take a break , be ready to work again in half an hour , understood ? """
tr	4	Flaherty looked up to see Sergeant Major Duncan standing beside the table where he sat with the other Officers from the First DEMON Company .
tr	4	I popped in , checked on the bridge then Connie and I walked out , and stood leaning on the bridge rail .
tr	3	""" No need , "" Cal grinned across the water where a protest march was starting to form up ."
tr	5	"Oh , I 'm going to watch the game , grab a bite to eat , maybe get a little bloodletting , how about you ? "" '"
tr	1	But I did what seemed right in the moment .
tr	1	""" You mean all he ever does is fish ?"
tr	1	he yelled over the noise of the engines .
tr	1	Chapter Three The downpour continued into the next day .
tr	1	"And look , those are definitely Japanese symbols ! """
tr	3	People were looking for Reynolds , convinced he had more information he wasn 't giving out .
tr	0	Jimmy suddenly looked back up .
tr	0	""" Yes sister . """
tr	5	"The banner , decorated with red and white , orange and black Maryland flags , proclaimed "" River Sunday Heritage Day , August 7 . """
tr	3	She wore a wide belt on her waist , which held the rest of the cloak to her bosom .
tr	2	""" You think I had something to do with your friend 's disappearance ? """
tr	1	I 'm great with dogs , by the way .
tr	1	The butler eventually had to stop and take a breath .
tr	4	""" You can joke , girl , but I promise , no one pulls a fast one on me . """
tr	2	""" So , chatterbox , what is it you want from me ? """
tr	2	' No , he isn 't , ' Anna said with a frown .
tr	2	"Anna has another race in ten minutes , can 't you just explain it ? """
tr	4	""" Oh , yes of course , sorry , "" the man sounded as if he had been sleeping , which he had ."
tr	4	""" This is going to be the most important conflict in human history and the Republicans are itching to be in the saddle . """
tr	3	"I simply saw a situation where I had to do what I thought was right . """
tr	0	""" That was fun ! """
tr	4	It was sweet and strong enough to choke an elephant , but it would give him some energy to keep up with Riki .
tr	0	"Thanks , "" Rob replied confidently ."
tr	5	He was hard for me to pick out , his aura a darkened eggplant color that faded into a grayness that made him part of the background .
tr	2	She 'll be in Hereford all this week as will David ... ... .
tr	0	"Did you take psychology ? """
tr	3	By this point , our conversation had grown heated , and others were beginning to pay attention .
tr	4	Tommy waved goodbye until their car was out of sight then asked for permission to walk to the drug store .
tr	4	"Beau looked relieved and confused at the same time and said , "" I 'm not sure sir , it just seemed right . """
tr	0	"Everybody knows everyone in Ireland . """
tr	1	""" Can we talk about it on the road ? """
tr	1	""" Ask me my name , Adele , "" he demanded ."
tr	2	We are energy and creative god force at the very core of our being .
tr	5	I tried to focus on what had happened and what was going to happen next , and the conclusions were not my favorite things ever .
tr	5	There were no thoughts to paint these people as good or bad , just people who are living at the time the story is written .
tr	3	They worshiped a deity called The Great Mother whom the invading humans identified as a demon .
tr	3	"Once they were seated , Pierre asked , "" What is the plan of action ? """
tr	2	Steve snapped as he hit the brakes , bringing the truck to a skidding halt .
tr	0	"Logan 's hurt ! """
tr	1	""" Perhaps you might tell me of it ? """
tr	5	His mouth moved in jerks as the purple vein pulsed across his throat and almost simultaneously translated , ' I trust you have all rested ?
tr	3	A t-shirt with cut-off sleeves left the tattoo of blue Celtic symbols around his upper arm clearly visible .
tr	5	There was a screech Andy had never heard before as a rabbit sprang out of the bushes straight at the boys with Jake hard on its tail .
tr	0	He struggled upright and winced .
tr	0	"I like to watch him think . """
tr	0	"He 'll track us . """
tr	3	""" Ok , I need you to pull back the first layer as I cut down to the bone ."
tr	5	The SAS had obviously got the job , sorry ' training exercise ' , and carried out a ' halo ' parachute drop into El Campo .
tr	0	David turned to look at her face .
tr	4	With that , he begins to ascend into his fortress , finally reaching the throne room with a sinister smile .
tr	4	One down , she thought , taking a swallow of the dry red wine and looking at the front door with determination .
tr	1	"Is it enough , do you think ? """
tr	1	The older woman stuck her hand out and they shook .
tr	0	Her death was senseless .
tr	0	""" What is it ?"
tr	4	The man whose voice he had heard was no man but a giant -- that was the only way to describe him .
tr	2	This was where I 'd learn if I was a cold-blooded murderer or not .
tr	0	""" What is your name ? """
tr	4	The Prince nodded , not trusting himself to smile , before he lay down , turned over , and tried to fall asleep .
tr	4	Cade frowned , trying to reconcile this woman to the girl of his childhood that he had never truly noticed .
tr	0	""" In the fly , maybe ."
tr	5	she 'd put the card in a plastic baggie and it now sat between them on the conference table seemingly baleful behind its plastic window .
tr	3	Reid spotted me in the rear view mirror , slammed on the brakes and put the car into reverse .
tr	2	"He hesitated , "" And I don 't know if I should show you ."
tr	0	""" For me and one other person ."
tr	5	"It is because of his goodness towards us that he meets our needs , so therefore I thank Him and praise Him for it . """
tr	1	Thermal imaging showed the target still in bed , sleeping .
tr	1	Luckily , Jacob spotted him from across the lobby .
tr	5	Pete 's voice held a promise that Julie wanted to explore , and she leaned across the table and turned Pete 's face to hers .
tr	5	It wouldn 't be fair to him either , taking advantage of his nobility and making him stay with her out of guilt or duty .
tr	3	The agent caught the punch in his chest - it doubled him over and lifted him off his feet .
tr	4	Five crew left and one was already tucked in for the night -- and here I was forgetting to tell him a bedside story .
tr	2	David had been leaning back in his chair but sat up abruptly .
tr	0	"What happened to you ? """
tr	5	""" We saw them and they seemed suspicious to us , which is why we turned round and immediately came to your room , "" Sophia reported ."
tr	2	' I 'm afraid I don 't know , ' I replied truthfully .
tr	2	Alejo 's fingers dug into her arm as he dragged her through the tent door .
tr	5	Terry was finding it difficult to find words and both men sat on the dusty concrete ledge by the side of the track in silence .
tr	0	He was wearing a wig !
tr	2	He frowned as she talked to Pierre , who listened to her with interest .
tr	2	""" Come on , Dad , I found the cube in the first place ! """
tr	0	His breath is even again .
tr	1	It sniffed at the heart , then licked it .
tr	4	""" If you leave now that wound will reopen , "" she said , her voice telling him that she hoped it would ."
tr	2	Lilly Ann had to remind herself to breathe and not stare at Taylor .
tr	5	The unimaginable knowledge of a thousand millennia flows in through all of her senses simultaneously , Sheik 's convulsing body acting as a lightning rod of divinity .
tr	1	' Where do you propose I keep it ?
tr	2	""" That 's enough from you , George , "" Furnace said ."
tr	1	""" Anything else you think I should know ? """
tr	5	"Remembering something Mitch had said , Claire asked , "" Couldn 't you get work on one of the ski resorts , or down in Queenstown ? """
tr	3	""" Why don 't we take a little ride and you can explain your story down at the station ."
tr	2	""" Yes , "" Lilly 's reply was like a secretive whisper ."
tr	2	"It 's an incredible thing your father and his team pulled off . """
tr	4	She climbed up to her room as slowly as she dared , watched by Nelly with her fists on her hips .
tr	3	The students had no place to go and were unlikely to be able to return home .
tr	1	"We need to take her to Lo . """
tr	2	A high-pitched giggle from outside Malcolm 's apartment cascaded over me like confectioner 's sugar .
tr	4	I 'm getting you an aircraft from Nellis Air Force Base so you should have about an hour before it lands .
tr	2	There is no running water , there are no phones , there is no electricity .
tr	3	They held their weapons ready , half expecting their foe to get up again and continue the fight .
tr	3	She 'd put it on in the morning -- there was no need to sleep in the stinking thing .
tr	0	""" What about my family ? """
tr	0	Did he even question it ?
tr	4	Each night for the next three weeks Scott left food for the child and each morning the food was gone .
tr	0	Lonnie huffed and spit on the ground .
tr	1	""" Well these people had to live someplace ."
tr	4	We 'll all go angel hunting together and sing harmonious songs in the car or maybe play the license plate game .
tr	4	There followed the subtle scratch of pencil across paper as he dutifully wrote down the messages from the previous day .
tr	0	Rafe struggled within himself .
tr	4	Her father held the letter with shaking hands and as she stepped closer , his right arm fell to his side .
tr	3	That night at the evening meal , the group at Cairn Cottage sat around the open fire .
tr	3	I glanced up and swung my body to the left , losing my right hold on the skid .
tr	3	The plan had been formed , Adele knew it would prove pointless to argue with him .
tr	0	"What are you waiting for ? """
tr	1	The SUVs were forty feet away and closing .
tr	1	"My people will obey me when Olmec is dead . """
tr	5	If I may , Lars thought we could meet ahead of time to work out a compromise between the Idaho Plan and the Louisiana Plan .
tr	1	A chess game sat on the table , half played .
tr	3	He 's probably reacting to your guilt and feeling like you 're still mad at him .
tr	0	""" We know , "" Josie said ."
tr	0	""" What 're you going to do ?"
tr	0	Not exactly Prince Charming .
tr	0	""" ' Tis a family tradition ."
tr	4	Men and women whose faces had shown fear a moment ago were now smiling at the ridiculous banter of the two officers .
tr	4	""" I don 't know how you boys got here , but you 'll find it rather more difficult to leave . """
tr	1	""" Those men , "" the man went on ."
tr	4	' The Change ' saw the birth of light , education ; turning an aggressive people into an enlightened one .
tr	0	""" Let me fix your helmet . """
tr	0	They were a varied selection of Americans .
tr	5	"Shouldn 't take long , "" Paul said , patting a small bag that he carried on his shoulder that was full of medical supplies ."
tr	5	Now the guards scanned everyone on the way into the facility and routinely , although seemingly at random , scanned some on the way out .
tr	5	His hand reached the hilt of his sword and he drew the blade slowly , quietly , bringing it up and laying it to his breast .
tr	4	Abby 's rummaging stopped as she flipped her hair over her shoulder and stared at him over that same shoulder .
tr	3	Not only a pack of wild coyotes with their teeth barred , but this beautiful woman .
tr	2	The voice of his companion was familiar , but I couldn 't quite place it .
tr	1	Hide it in a closet or better yet , burn it .
tr	2	Thorne moved forward with a hungry expression and brought his sword down with a grunt .
tr	5	He had more friends than he knew what to do with , and the ladies of the court found him to be the most amusing of companions .
tr	0	He moved faster and with more determination .
tr	1	At first light , she often wrote to her parents .
tr	2	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	1	""" And you 're not going either , Valerian ."
tr	2	On the other hand , it 's not right for me to keep you .
tr	5	Ignoring the fact that he had not pressed a floor to descend to , he felt any place but the OR was a good place .
tr	2	Anna hit her butt on the bar three times in a row .
tr	2	Was he really the only one who had finished his glass in one big gulp ?
tr	1	With a small sob , I let go .
tr	4	""" My best friend Ruben was a year younger than me , and he was from a poorer family , Quechua ."
tr	3	The mob on shore was focused on the drifting boat which had almost reached the shore .
tr	2	There was no cord to pull on to lower the fold-down ladder .
tr	4	He was lying on his stomach on a single bed with thick wool blankets in a room with walls that smelled of cedar .
tr	5	The CIC crew jumps to work , calling to each other and speaking over their CU 's in an effort to effect manual control of Warrior .
tr	2	Watching him listen and care for her made me feel a bit empty .
tr	2	""" You would destroy a book that even the Quran calls holy ? """
tr	2	He was average height and had a generally serious , but approachable look .
tr	5	""" But ... "" added General Anderson , perhaps sensing the mood turning , "" we believe we have ways and means to overcome these obstacles ."
tr	1	' No , not a cure , as such .
tr	5	""" The boss will be in here in a minute to talk to you about that and any other questions you have , "" replied Meeks ."
tr	1	Did you know this country was built on hemp ?
tr	3	' He 's a scary man , ' said Reid , strolling down the stairs behind me .
tr	5	"said Natalie planting her glasses on her head , "" we really need to talk , move your glasses up onto your head as well ."
tr	4	The small treasure chest that was only an answer away is now revealed as the debris is lifted off of it .
tr	2	Alejo 's chest began to constrict , and he tried in vain to be rational .
tr	3	' You said you killed him , ' she murmured in a voice devoid of emotion .
tr	4	One stopped to grasp the Prince 's hand ; something was said to the Prince , but he didn 't hear it .
tr	1	Margaret lay asleep by his side , gently snoring .
tr	3	""" And even if he does die , we must give him a proper burial , "" he added ."
tr	1	"Chapter 17 "" I 'll be fine , "" I say ."
tr	0	"My parents don 't even know . """
tr	5	The pickup slowed down even more as they rounded a curve in the gravel and came across a girl walking along the edge of the road .
tr	0	ETA in ten seconds . '
tr	5	I would be interested to know myself ; and , if you wish , you can check around each of the outside areas of my twelve hangars .
tr	1	""" Happy Christmas , darlin ' , "" she said ."
tr	3	He was big for his two months but it was normal , the medicine woman assured me .
tr	2	Rafe winced ; that hadn 't come out as he had meant it to .
tr	3	""" Franco Salazar was on the bus , heading back to La Paz , "" Alejo managed ."
tr	0	It was a lucrative deal .
tr	1	' The injection site is a bit sore . '
tr	0	He smiled at her .
tr	4	Taking another moment to revel in his hard fought victory , Rift finally makes the trek over to the chest he spotted earlier .
tr	2	Instinctively he pushed the private 's hand away and opened his eyes .
tr	2	Aunt Theodosia turned away , but turned back to deliver one more comment .
tr	2	""" Watch what Lonnie does with that thing under his arm . """
tr	2	Roberto bit hard down on his jaw ; he could not afford to be soft .
tr	4	"You start cooking the rice and beans and I 'll go look for those books while I 'm thinking about it ! """
tr	3	""" Dad 's out renting the car for our drive to the village we 'll be staying in . """
tr	3	He had seen many battlefields , and his share of death , but it never failed to sicken him .
tr	5	They weren 't sure where the U.S. Navy was stationed , but by the sounds of the jets overhead , it wasn 't too far away .
tr	1	It is the boy with the baseball cap and curly hair .
tr	5	Frustration accumulated , begging him to act ; to make a stand ; to show these people how they had made him feel over the years .
tr	2	The chair and Tony crashed to the floor accompanied by his yell of pain .
tr	3	They moved forward on the balls of their feet , making no sound on the sleeping ship .
tr	1	""" I don 't trust him , "" Jimmy pouted ."
tr	4	Governor Henry is a dear friend of mine and I know he would want each of us to do our best .
tr	5	The jarring visions seize hold of Zelda 's mind once more , but the flailing girl 's weakened state slows them to an observable rate .
tr	4	""" I took some of Mommy 's shirts , "" Sidney admitted and tugged on the t-shirt she was wearing ."
tr	0	I stopped to rest .
tr	5	""" Each of them has been issued with a very dangerous apparatus , which can shoot a ray of light and cause various degrees of injury ."
tr	2	""" Don 't ask , "" he groaned , "" she shot me down cold ."
tr	1	CHAPTER SEVEN Kendall had been serious about going to the police .
tr	2	Their people still exist , but have nothing to show of their great former empire .
tr	1	"So , what was it you wanted to show me ? """
tr	5	But it seemed obvious that God wanted her here , and honestly , she didn 't have the strength at the moment to spend hours analyzing why .
tr	5	The sun has nearly set , though it is difficult to determine through the veil of trees , the entire sky glowing a dark shade of orange .
tr	2	Turning quickly , he saw standing next to him was the captain himself .
tr	3	He looked away and concentrated on checking each and every house he passed for signs of male inhabitants .
tr	3	Around six men were gathered in the clearing , close enough that she could pick up what they said .
tr	2	It was the best thing they could have experienced in the midst of life-altering destruction .
tr	1	That night Frank Turner celebrated his new lease on life .
tr	5	Despite this , his intuition could provide no further answers -- and so he watched , his mind long removed from the danger at hand .
tr	2	He 'll tell you all about me now , and about our other friends .
tr	0	Pierre interrupted , touching his arm .
tr	0	All he ever does is run ! '
tr	1	""" Yes , I would like that . """
tr	3	Mark stepped slowly around the table and picked up Jimmy by the belt and one arm .
tr	3	Then we 'd spent the next week eating nothing but celery to lose the extra weight .
tr	5	Watching the little girl racing across the grass , hair and dress flying out behind her , Claire felt tears building in the back of her throat .
tr	1	Sarah buttoned her sweater and rubbed her hands together .
tr	1	' I 'm Bruno , ' he muttered gruffly .
tr	0	The men were deep in conversation .
tr	2	""" But you didn 't know at what time he will arrive ? """
tr	1	""" You were a nephew to me , my own family !"
tr	2	He would have to test her during the time they had on the open seas .
tr	2	""" So , George , who 's coming over for Xmas ? """
tr	2	she said , while she was cleaning her nose with a napkin .
tr	5	Maybe it worked , maybe it didn 't , whatever the case I wasn 't seen and so I continued up the building towards the console .
tr	0	Nightmares still woke me during the night .
tr	3	We stared for hours at the works of Renaissance masters and the intricate stone carvings of sculptors long dead .
tr	4	If their leader had any sense the pass would be guarded until the second army could come to support them .
tr	3	His smile is gone , replaced by a taunt mouth that puts too many creases into his skin .
tr	3	Swinging about , I saw the platform filling with angry men , uniformed policemen leading the charge .
tr	2	"Damian , we will talk tomorrow when you will be sober . """
tr	3	A thick chain at his feet connected him to another prisoner , who followed the first man closely .
tr	4	Right then and there I became a piece of pastry dough , punched and slammed around until there was no air left in me .
tr	2	Sarah shifted both lead ropes to one hand and hugged him tightly .
tr	5	While I hadn 't constructed a Versailles or taxed the people into poverty , I was a noble , if not by blood then by practice .
tr	0	""" Go get it , pup ! """
tr	0	"Why not end it now ? """
tr	3	I figured it out that Lars was a short name from Laurence , but he didn 't answer .
tr	5	Geoffrey Troxel and Carter McCord were already launching a defense as this girl and the broken man down the hall spun tales of months of torture .
tr	1	The Bastian driver spun the wheel of the Skoda .
tr	2	But I saw no overturned tables or fallen lamps like on television .
tr	2	All the meaningless words from Peyton 's file flashed in my memory .
tr	1	"You 're going to see your parents ? """
tr	3	She had a sudden mental flash of a wasp landing on her arm on a bright sunny day .
tr	5	John started by passing the brown envelope to Graham who slid the contents out and read the typewritten note , he then looked at the photograph .
tr	2	Because he knew she knew her family better , he allowed her to proceed .
tr	0	There we are to bivouac overnight .
tr	1	He kept his cool and continued to methodically reload .
tr	5	"Bloodlines are important still , but no one has titles , so it makes it hard to exclude others on the basis of blood . """
tr	3	"He wishes for me to be at the head , where as I am content to follow . """
tr	1	This time , the coldness that gripped me felt arctic .
tr	0	Not that he was bad at it .
tr	4	Brad drifted over from the stairs along with Rob , the flight engineer and the entire crew watched the dangerous ballet unfold .
tr	0	A second later , it opened .
tr	3	I don 't know how to be cool or good about this , so I just tell the truth .
tr	5	Again , on approach , the shuttle returned to 50,000 feet inside the airfield 's 20-mile border , not causing any danger to high-flying civilian aircraft .
tr	4	""" You were telling the truth , "" the Prince said blankly , "" they were trying to kill me . """
tr	2	"I said , "" I think I just heard a ghost . """
tr	5	Hostels didn 't have baths and when she was staying with her sister there had never been the time for the luxury of deep hot water .
tr	3	' However , you have to agree that your grandson 's existence defies the conventions of our society . '
tr	3	The swings were gently swaying and the snow had blown little piles of downy drifts onto the seats .
tr	1	well aware that any movement made him visible ... ... .
tr	0	he said with a heavy frown .
tr	5	The thought sent a shiver up Sarah 's spine and although she could not see the woodland clearly she imagined eyes watching their every move .
tr	0	"He fell asleep right afterwards . """
tr	2	Chris just shrugged and turned again , leaving the men to fend for themselves .
tr	1	The poor girl ... this must be alarmingly new for her .
tr	2	She took his arm and nestled next to him for a brief instant .
tr	0	He is not distracted .
tr	0	""" I 'm not sure . """
tr	1	I wasn 't exactly a pro at breaking the law .
tr	2	Diana is smiling softly and ducking her head to avoid the camera .
tr	5	He watched her respond with a smile and she started to follow him across the floor to the staircase at the rear of the room .
tr	1	"An ' I fer one wish to hear it . """
tr	1	""" The paper bag I gave the little girl yesterday . """
tr	3	God willing , Faithful Soldier , you will deactivate the security scrambler on the wall before you .
tr	0	""" That 's right ."
tr	2	""" Eda ... wake up , we have to move on now . """
tr	4	But when my father saw it , he was furious with her and could not believe the damage caused to them .
tr	4	Though the bubbles were long gone , the top half of the liquid was still the caramel color of cola .
tr	3	He and his wife Janice were practically flying down the highway in their new horse-drawn buggy .
tr	2	"It is kind of mind boggling for me , to be honest . """
tr	5	You raise a hand against any of my men in my absence -- or after my return -- and all hell will come down on you .
tr	2	"That 's a bit too much to swallow , you know ? """
tr	3	"I heard an interesting question this morning on the way to class , "" he nodded at Christy ."
tr	5	"Tell them what we are planning to do and if they wish to provide support they are welcome , but this mission is voluntary . """
tr	5	"He coughed and drew a ragged breath , then continued , "" They let me leave , because they knew my visions were from a higher power ."
tr	3	Leaning closer , she kissed his eyes and face tenderly , with words lingering between each kiss .
tr	5	""" William , old boy , you 've done it now , "" said Ben bounding into the room and sliding into the nearest chair ."
tr	1	Summer in Connecticut seems determined to go out muggy and hot .
tr	1	The feeling of panic would not go away .
tr	4	Light from a nearby security lamp flickered through the swaying curtains and cast moving shadows across the ceiling and walls of the bedroom .
tr	4	The nurses ' station was silent and empty ; a phone rang insistently on the desk , but no one ran to answer it .
tr	1	I hit the floor with no chance of blocking my fall .
tr	4	The bandits couldn 't tell quite where he was , and those that happened across him didn 't take another breath .
tr	3	""" You mean , like maybe He wants us to leave it to Him , after all ? """
tr	2	After a few steps in blinding sunlight , they entered the shade of the trees .
tr	0	And I had to warn him .
tr	1	They gathered their purchases and headed for the checkout .
tr	5	Satisfied with what he has learned , Ganondorf silently makes his way out of the hidden passageway , emerging into the twilight hour on his sands .
tr	4	As the drums begin to sound , every soul in the fortress emerges to discover the meaning of the commotion .
tr	1	A couple of years later , he saw action in Korea .
tr	5	Most of them hadn 't worked , and had fallen to either internal or external pressures , but a few had struggled into life and remained viable .
tr	0	Malcolm shifted his body and sat up .
tr	4	Using the keys , entrusted to him , he accessed the armory through the steel door leading down to the well lit basement .
tr	0	""" Hi , Kevin ."
tr	0	Pierre held him back .
tr	2	But it was obvious that something about the bombing had him upset .
tr	3	It was dark at that time , in that region of space known as a Town .
tr	3	Abby was talking animated , about this experience , how can you meet new people in your way .
tr	2	Their back muscles strained as they pulled Mana 's limp body over the edge .
tr	0	Josie gasped at the sight of Jimmy .
tr	2	By the time Alejo closed the door , his team was already making themselves comfortable .
tr	4	I got to my knees , crawled over to the bell-shaped hole , and peered into the inky black darkness .
tr	5	In the heat of the moment , he had completely forgotten about the young woman and little girl who had been trying to cross the bridge .
tr	0	King Ine nodded gravely .
tr	1	He shook Anna awake and told her to go to bed .
tr	1	For Pete , it was like hitting a rock .
tr	5	He claimed he was investigating a cure of boils , but the authorities knew he was up to no good and so closed down his laboratory .
tr	4	"Would it be worse for her to live , knowing she could never have you the way I can , my pet ? """
tr	2	He planted a wet kiss on her lips and she bit him .
tr	1	I watched it disappear and suddenly felt old and empty .
tr	1	""" What are you doing in here ? """
tr	2	Rafe watched her leave , wishing even as she did that he had told her .
tr	4	' We also found the alpha and omega designs that make up your birthmark in the scriptures from the cave in Egypt . '
tr	1	Adele bit her lip trying to fight back her tears .
tr	3	I sat in the cockpit almost in a daze and went over everything they had said for clues .
tr	5	By her carefully chosen words she gave the impression of being just one of the crowd herself , anxious to find out all about the project .
tr	3	After months of walking from Maryland , the bikes were heavenly and the weather was spectacular .
tr	3	""" Fired on the crowd , "" Cal said , holding up the newspaper that he had been reading ."
tr	3	He watched , first person , as 006 moved forward , approaching the narrow security scanner hall .
tr	3	Off in the distance they heard a bang and started thinking about guns and hunting and deer and pheasant .
tr	3	It was normally used for the interrogation of captured spies or scouts -- the red did not show blood .
tr	5	With a sudden thrill that jolted through his body to the tips of his fingers and toes , the Prince realized this would be his chance .
tr	0	Someone had to find her .
tr	3	Adele could not remember very much of the man that now lay senseless on the bed .
tr	1	""" I would never let my granddaughter talk like that ."
tr	1	We lay in our separate beds staring at different things .
tr	3	His energy is flagging , and I can lift my hands up and put them in my lap .
tr	5	' This is a map of the area , ' said the leader of the team as he led us to a makeshift tent between the trees .
tr	2	Halfway to the ship , Chris heard the high-pitched ringing of a bell .
tr	2	Roberto gave the next command the moment they stepped up onto the upper deck .
tr	2	' Mikael 's alive , ' I announced with a carefully neutral expression .
tr	0	The geese on the nearby lake .
tr	3	When the shrill screeching of the idol reached his ears , he looked up at Brand .
tr	0	And he was staring at her .
tr	2	""" Then , if you are ready , we should keep on moving . """
tr	3	"People like that tend to ... "" His voice trailed off as he spread his hands ."
tr	1	""" Do you think Sidney 's around somewhere ? """
tr	2	""" This Lilly , "" she said , "" our Lilly . """
tr	5	"You should understand that there are things in this world that we have to learn to accept and respect in order for us coexist . """
tr	1	We sat stunned for a couple of seconds .
tr	1	""" Shouldn 't I call for medical help ? """
tr	0	Hope bubbled up in my chest .
tr	3	Adele laughed nervously , not looking up as Rafe took her other hand and held both between his .
tr	1	His voice was still shaking , and he was obviously elated .
tr	5	"Opening the bottle for his bereaved amigo , Juan instructed compassionately , "" My friend , there are times when a man should forget himself ."
tr	5	Given Rob 's love of computers , Mike wasn 't quite sure how much of his new attitude was entirely due to the quantum processors .
tr	4	He 'd have the right answer , despite the fact that Flaherty wasn 't quite sure what the question was yet .
tr	1	No one directed the path of their life absolutely .
tr	5	""" I haven 't had this much fun in years , at least since that sick seal you brought me when you were 14 . """
tr	1	She touched his elbow and he moved toward the porch .
tr	1	"I 'm not letting her out of my sight . """
tr	0	""" It 's you ."
tr	1	"That 's another entry wound , "" Dr. Warner replied ."
tr	1	""" And you said there were cooks and waitresses ? """
tr	4	I 'd gotten mixed up in the mess when the Emperor sent me to check on the progress of his brother .
tr	1	Ricky let out a yell but succeeded in regaining his seat .
tr	1	The backpack had cost $ 20 and was bought at Sears .
tr	2	""" It is if there 's nothing here , "" Siobhan said ."
tr	2	Still , when she came onto the steps and saw him , she smiled .
tr	4	The attempt , however , woke him up again and he looked up at a bottomless sky littered with stars .
tr	1	The agent assigned to our case was one Christophe Lacroix .
tr	1	""" That 's where henna tattoos work the best . """
tr	3	""" My people just had their noses bloodied by these guys and would like a little payback ."
tr	0	Gabe shrugs like this is obvious .
tr	1	""" Why do you have a name from Bolivia ? """
tr	2	His gaze was curiously intense and his voice laced with steel as he spoke .
tr	3	But I also believe that you have your reasons , and because I love you , I trust you .
tr	5	""" I don 't understand , "" Taylor said , "" in my book heroes are supposed to be role models of selfless service to others . """
tr	2	""" I was just trying to get you out of bed for good ."
tr	1	By now the other two teams should be in place .
tr	2	I looked down to find the golden eyes gazing at me unwaveringly .
tr	2	"Come out of the dungeon at once , "" the young voice ordered ."
tr	0	The sheep was meowing as it followed .
tr	2	Slowly Cisco came around , the wary look turning into one of interest .
tr	3	Cade couldn 't take his eyes off it while the waves reached up again to lap at their feet .
tr	1	They heard movement behind them , as people came closer .
tr	3	Off they go to do whatever it is that angel hunters do in order to find their prey .
tr	5	She didn 't know much about you and therefore I had to rely on your answers , which of course , I didn 't get .
tr	1	""" Well , anyway you know what I mean ."
tr	3	The prophecy at the heart of this whole mess was not nearly as clear as everyone thought .
tr	3	Turning into a giant just meant his enemy was a bigger , easier to hit target .
tr	3	She tried to grab on to something , but it was like a nightmare catapult flung her into space .
tr	0	Both men turned in surprise to Finan .
tr	4	""" I thought so , "" she grins , idly tossing him back to the center of the room like a ragdoll ."
tr	4	"You 're to proceed to the other end of the bridge where my commanding officer will meet you and talk to you further . """
tr	4	Wrapping his arms around his wife , he caressed her back and in return , tiny hands held his broad back , caressing him .
tr	1	""" That 's right , "" she said ."
tr	1	""" Who says she didn 't talk already ? """
tr	4	We 'd grown up together , and our friendship was based on a mutual understanding of what it was like to be different .
tr	0	""" Breathe , "" he whispered ."
tr	2	No , that wouldn 't be right ; they were responsible for the girl .
tr	5	Of course , Hatley had picked up the name from Inuit lore , but from the Inuit 's lips , the name chilled him to the bone .
tr	2	""" Where did you work before you came to Pearson 's , Mr. Cantwell ? """
tr	1	They would provide the needed impetus to get things rolling .
tr	5	He was very affectionate when he told me about his youngest son , a naughty little five year old boy who had just started studying kindergarten .
tr	1	And now , he finally knew what it meant .
tr	2	""" I 'm sure he 'll be able to help you . """
tr	3	Rafe 's face darkened as he looked again to Finan 's restless movements upon the bed .
tr	0	Several armed officers appeared .
tr	4	""" Or when you first asked -- "" He kissed me again , then pulled away , leaving me breathless ."
tr	0	He is still there .
tr	0	""" What is it , dear ?"
tr	0	""" No squares nor open courts ."
tr	0	It made sense to Jimmy .
tr	0	' Does Roman know about this ? '
tr	3	We explained the role of the minister of war and how his daughter had been taken as leverage .
tr	0	She felt like this was her home .
tr	2	At this stage of the game I 'd much rather be safe than sorry .
tr	0	""" Okay ... "" Josie shrugged ."
tr	1	""" But this is your dad 's office . """
tr	3	She heaped them in a pile on a long folding table and then went back to the giant machine .
tr	2	""" There is someone who would like to meet you , John . """
tr	3	He suddenly looked at Christy , who seemed pitifully bored with the idea of more book study .
tr	1	"I should have known that it was you of course . """
tr	5	Since they made no foray into the brush , I assumed their reduction in speed was more for the animals ' sake than for the pursuit .
tr	4	""" I remember saying the exact words more than once to men and women I had the opportunity to help ."
tr	4	Hell honey I don 't even know if I 'm going into the Coast Guard or back in the Navy .
tr	1	' And the cops never found out who did it ? '
tr	0	""" Please let me find Seamus ."
tr	1	""" You know what I mean , "" Chris said ."
tr	4	""" It seems so , "" he smiled , "" news travels fast around here , doesn 't it ? """
tr	5	""" They are wise , kind and noble minded people , who are capable of achieving the most amazing things for the sake of others ."
tr	5	In the morning she 'd smiled her goodbyes , driven the Skoda to her parents ' house and left it in the street without waking them .
tr	1	Maybe the explosion blew the glass away first .
tr	2	Dave grabbed Rob 's hand and almost burned himself taking possession of the lighter .
tr	0	"He will understand . """
tr	3	"There are things in this Book that could make your bones disappear , "" she made a face ."
tr	3	I am an idiot because I let myself away with the flood , because I was jealous .
tr	0	Atlas lowered his rifle .
tr	2	She had an ear for languages and was already multi-lingual ... . .
tr	0	""" I do , "" said George ."
tr	0	""" Yes , Roberto ."
tr	1	The cop hung his slicker by the door .
tr	1	"But it was probably awkward for her . """
tr	3	""" Dr. Harland , please , my associate is taking him out for a cheeseburger . """
tr	3	Haskins was flabbergasted , but smiled to know at least he had something to hang his hat on .
tr	3	A breath of wind rustling through the forest was as loud as a gale to her ears .
tr	0	THANK YOU FOR READING !
tr	3	I longed to hold a latte , feel the warmth on my hands , a simple distraction .
tr	3	A girl , no matter how perfect she may look , it is better to see the reality .
tr	1	She zoomed in further and told T to rotate the image .
tr	4	Sensing the mood in the room , one of his favorite girls shyly approaches , hoping to put minds at ease .
tr	4	"Only that my astronomy teacher used to work at NASA on the space shuttle , and ... "" "" No , "" Chris said ."
tr	2	Here he was , just observing , as the costumed trio headed toward their quarry .
tr	3	After the last support beam was fixed into place , we geared up and checked our weapons .
tr	2	"Hey ... "" he reaches under his bed and pulls something into his arms ."
tr	3	The door opened partially , and Meeks told another man that they were ready and the door closed again .
tr	3	"If she does not get help soon , she will die very painfully and very soon . """
tr	2	Brendan rubbed his hands along his jeans and refused to look at Finn .
tr	0	He also carried a small black backpack .
tr	3	Moments later , the cannon exploded , sending hundreds of dollar bills floating into the air .
tr	5	Even though she was the new kid , she didn 't take crap from anyone and how can you do anything but admire a girl like that ?
tr	5	Following a cycle path , Claire walked around the edge of the lake , beneath the autumn trees , kicking at the fallen leaves beneath her feet .
tr	4	Then Mark had taken one step , and pushed with less visible effort than it took to open a door .
tr	2	""" We 've seen no movement , no car in the driveway ."
tr	0	She already knew the answer .
tr	2	Missy followed him feeling a little bad herself for coming up with lies so easily .
tr	1	He indicated an empty seat at the end of the table .
tr	5	At first Dr. Morgan thought it might be cannon echoes reverberating off the mountains , but as the sound persisted , he recognized the distinctive repetitive sound .
tr	0	""" It 's Savvy ."
tr	3	After a terse , rather one sided conversation , he hung up and turned to the Commander .
tr	2	Stalin blanched and turned away from the sight of his friend covered in blood .
tr	4	Continuing down the new direction , several more dead ends are found as Mai continues to map out the growing labyrinth .
tr	3	I don 't think there 's another person on this planet that could get away with calling him that .
tr	0	What were they doing here ?
tr	5	Her frightened eyes fell on the bow and arrows that Rafe had left behind , and she reached out , slipping an arrow against the bow string .
tr	3	The men sat quiet for a moment , and Nathan contemplated what else could be done .
tr	5	"Now , they may not want to keep you around and they can order you beheaded but they 're walking a fine line if they do . """
tr	0	""" I 'm gon na keep him ."
tr	4	I twisted and rolled , my heartbeat steady and the bloodied blades dancing in my hands while bodies fell around me .
tr	1	' I lost contact with Hubert before he could tell me .
tr	4	He looked at the man to see him watching the red blur that was moving up the distant slope at a fast pace .
tr	5	All the rooms of the huge house were absolutely silent , and the slapping of Gabriel 's bare feet across the shiny black tiles echoed loud .
tr	0	Damn horses , she thought .
tr	2	"He raised his eyebrows and said , "" Can I help you ? """
tr	0	""" Grumpy as ever ."
tr	5	Mentally adding ' sign posts ' to her report topics for successful tourism , Claire took a deep breath and tried to get her temper under control .
tr	4	Nothing could burn properly with the high wind driving snow before it , but pure Fire could not be extinguished by nature .
tr	0	I mean really looked at me .
tr	3	As time seemed to slow , Trae could almost count the bullets as they exited the guns .
tr	3	First , other than the obvious refusing the wine or taking guards , I would have done nothing differently .
tr	3	"In fact , I think I was the only one who knew you were lying your ass off . """
tr	2	"You don 't really want to talk about my parents , do you ? """
tr	4	Commencement Turtle Bay Manhattan , New York January 27th , 2026 Frank looked up as Ellen walked into his office .
tr	2	He had put his companions in a desperate situation that had threatened their lives .
tr	3	Maybe she didn 't know just how much this Jimmy had been in love with her .
tr	3	Abby screamed at first , but soon joined in the effort to force him from the bed .
tr	4	""" Nathaniel , stand by that column ; if they come in through that door , you know what to do ."
tr	4	She had left her bow behind long ago -- it was too awkward to carry and keep the string and feathers dry .
tr	5	""" Well , luckily for you , I had a plan on standby , "" Adam said as he took his phone out of his suit pocket ."
tr	2	"I asked , "" Where did they get all the gas ? """
tr	3	Neil tried to swallow the huge lump of bread in his mouth as politely as possible .
tr	2	Lettering that had been painted on the cloth announced : The end of the caves .
tr	2	"Their filthy carcasses should be cast onto the fires and burnt to a crisp ! """
tr	5	"Make sure the goons see him , and when 006 makes eye contact with them have him run toward the limo by the West door . """
tr	2	Barbara stopped smiling , and she looked at Mana for a long moment .
tr	3	That way she could step out onto the fort above and check it out , too .
tr	0	""" I used to be ."
tr	4	He was dressed in what looked to be the consistency of aluminum foil , but obviously not stiff or metallic .
tr	4	No sir , that was a lot of snow , enough to fill up a couple of very large houses .
tr	2	If we anchored close to shore , the watch would be doubled and armed .
tr	5	"The porter 's face fell , and he said sadly , "" I 'm sorry to tell you , but Dawes has been out all week ."
tr	2	It was probably easy for him to find unscrupulous directors he could bribe .
tr	2	Looking around , he saw a mass of gorse bushes to one side .
tr	2	""" And maybe we 'll go fishing , "" he added grandly ."
tr	0	What did surviving my seventeenth death mean ?
tr	1	I studied the grey space behind the door .
tr	3	Spaced between the tables several clay ovens , fired with aromatic wood , radiated cozy warmth into the dusk .
tr	0	From now on we trust each other .
tr	1	""" I 'm not really sure , "" he said ."
tr	0	When she spoke , I melted .
tr	1	Why would they do that without even knowing his abilities ?
tr	0	Rupert seemed much too delighted .
tr	4	She had straight thick black hair that hung just past her shoulders , which she kept tucked behind each ear .
tr	4	The dead trooper was likely a friend of some in the room and Brazen was a thorn in all their sides .
tr	4	You should listen to her , ' Godard retorted with a distracted expression , his eyes never leaving my face .
tr	4	Sarah felt a huge chasm open up beneath her and she put a hand out to Donovan to steady herself .
tr	0	"Many a prince would envy you . """
tr	4	"I told Jim , "" Let 's take the cooks tour , start at the pointy end and work back . """
tr	5	The door swung inward just wide enough for the Prince to enter , and then was quickly shut after him , leaving him in total darkness .
tr	0	"Leaving so soon ? """
tr	4	It was the first airplane we had seen since the Collapse and we speculated on where it had come from .
tr	1	""" How did you get into the sidekick business ? """
tr	1	Low groans rose from the front of the car .
tr	0	I slammed the door shut .
tr	4	You must have a very big airplane if you want to take enough animals to make a difference in your herds .
tr	1	Summer isn 't leaving New York without a fight .
tr	0	So yeah , he thought .
tr	2	She thought a moment , but ultimately gave in and helped him to his chair .
tr	4	Immediately exiting the room and summoning a portal back across the vast chasm , he feels a strange sensation resonating from his right hand .
tr	4	They dangled me over the water as if to say , ' Play nice or we will drop you . '
tr	2	"I didn 't have a good angle and it was too dark . """
tr	1	For that , you don 't know how sorry I am .
tr	3	He knew the rules of the mountains were that hikers always carry some form of ID .
tr	0	They quickly dried off and dressed .
tr	2	The executor keeps the interest after a certain percentage is funneled back into it .
tr	5	Superstition Gold Married and widowed within a 24-hour period , beautiful Leigh Banning watches as her storybook New Orleans life crumbles away piece by piece .
tr	4	"I was all set to get him talking about what happened in Paris , and you went and changed the whole game . """
tr	2	""" ' Tis a long time since last I saw you , Rand . """
tr	4	Surely he knew , like all the crew did , that tonight was their one opportunity to get back home .
tr	0	""" You 're out of shape . """
tr	0	Finan 's voice was roughened with emotion .
tr	0	"And finally , "" I will ."
tr	5	Claire 's duvet clung onto her like a lover , but she knew that her niece wouldn 't sit quietly on her bed for long .
tr	4	But these rustic northerners were not used to good entertainment , only war , dull clothing , and constant cold .
tr	3	To mince matters , she fell in love with a Courtier and only just escaped their grasp .
tr	1	She cried so loud that it drew everyone 's attention .
tr	1	He hesitated within himself on the brink of calling her back .
tr	0	""" Get the information from your girlfriend ."
tr	3	Two faces looked down at her -- no , it was the same face twice over .
tr	5	It exploded on the ground , showering the intersecting alleys with its contents just yards away from where Matthew and Cordelia were getting to their feet .
tr	1	""" Seeing where he died might jog his memory . """
tr	5	Her aura was something I 'd never seen before , a brilliant dark red with an edge of orange that flickered along the outline of it .
tr	5	""" Quality isn 't something that you 're born with , it 's something that you attain , or prove by your manner of living ! """
tr	0	""" Let 's go . """
tr	1	It was quiet but more so than usual this morning .
tr	2	""" Look , I know -- "" "" No , you don 't know !"
tr	3	""" So this is what that mercenary meant when he said we must have been sent by the Empress ."
tr	0	A creepy chill crawled across my back .
tr	3	Ahead of him he saw a flock of small birds darting from tree to tree singing madly .
tr	5	Seizing upon the opportunity Camden grabbed at the end of the rope pitched his momentum into a wide slide that carried him behind his attackers .
tr	5	I clutched him to my breast , vowing I 'd never let him go , struggling to think of a way to keep him from the army .
tr	1	There were some things that even time couldn 't erase .
tr	1	""" Guns aren 't people , "" Gabe says ."
tr	2	Sarah dragged her eyes from the smoldering building to look at him .
tr	4	Christy quickly led them to the main road where they hid behind a display while Kaylie doubled back to purchase some cloth .
tr	0	"Wonder what they use for fuel . """
tr	4	""" You are taller than I was then , so you 'll be fine standing there while I show you what to do . """
tr	3	"Report specifically mentions their attacker punched through a wooden axe handle like it was paper . """
tr	0	"We 're fugitives now ! """
tr	0	"So they didn 't find this . """
tr	2	A giant block of Neapolitan ice cream , sizzling under the Peshawar heat .
tr	2	""" Damn , "" Josh said and pulled a notebook out of his pocket ."
tr	4	""" Shit , Cal , you haven 't even been here a month and you got yourself a whole network ? """
tr	2	They laughed easily , enjoying life in general and were a beautiful couple .
tr	5	With a quick jerk of his head , Ed broke free from Spike 's grasp and launched himself into a run toward the advancing creature .
tr	5	""" Already there , big guy "" I replied as I watched the five Vampires disappear leaving only clothing on the ground to mark their passage ."
tr	2	""" When I was in distress I convinced the men to bring me here ."
tr	5	It 'll be sailing into the North Sea ; a pirate radio station that 'll constantly stream UK hits including Only When it 's Saturday .
tr	1	""" Best idea I 've heard all night ! """
tr	4	She kept putting her hand on David 's arm as blood pooled out of her neck and he shook it off absent-mindedly each time .
tr	1	It was after three and she had expected him hours ago .
tr	5	""" I had a dream that you and I were naked , "" she whispered and I stopped in the street and stared at her ."
tr	1	Barney turned to Chris and smiled , then excused himself .
tr	5	""" All in good time , "" said Jack while scurrying down the slopes just as quickly , "" the rain will cool his blood ."
tr	1	Alejo rubbed his temple and spoke before allowing himself to think .
tr	2	Taylor looked at Lilly Ann but she just laughed and did not avert her eyes .
tr	3	""" I was planning on sneaking into the cave tonight -- it 's been eleven , no twelve days ."
tr	3	""" No harm will come to me or her ; that is the point of this subterfuge ."
tr	0	He pointed to the cocking mechanism .
tr	2	' The first one had unfortunately already been ransacked when we discovered it .
tr	5	Unlike Vasa , it got in a good thirty-three years of service before meeting her demise against the French , sinking in battle in 1545 .
tr	3	Neil continued to steer as best he could through the calmed sea , but finally his body gave up .
tr	0	Toby is direct connected !
tr	0	But that did he not disclose .
tr	5	If nothing else , these small signs refuted any doubts Horace still had about whether Harker , Todd , and Powell could be entangled together .
tr	2	I must have grown some new memories to replace the old or something .
tr	3	"I am sorry , old friend , but it is beyond my skills to explain further . """
tr	3	John stood up and went to the window and pulled back the curtain to peer out .
tr	3	It would not be easy to locate her , for she could be in numerous places .
tr	3	I crept into the bushes to the spot I had picked out for just such an emergency .
tr	4	"When he stalked out , the arrogant bastard called out behind him , "" I will have my turn . """
tr	3	It would be a demanding journey if all went well but haste was their present need .
tr	5	""" Sounds like we have some work to do today while the boys are giving shots to the employees , sheep , and horses . """
tr	0	Well , why are you there ?
tr	2	""" Keep walking with me but clear your mind and close your eyes ."
tr	4	The Prince thought it over for another moment , chewing on the salty , dirty , wet piece of cloth , and finally nodded .
tr	1	"-- They will open , "" she assured her allies ."
tr	1	""" Don 't sign any contracts yet , "" I said ."
tr	5	"Two years ago , March , in the sports section there was this picture of a girl winning a race at a track meet . """
tr	4	"I said , "" Jesus , I thought this was going to be research , sounds more like search and destroy ."
tr	3	They were so finely crafted by samurai sword makers or something that they appeared to have no seams .
tr	2	He picked up a delicate biscuit from the tray and began to nibble on it .
tr	3	In composition , it was mostly of stone , a feature which seemed amiss in the woods .
tr	3	As they leapt up rocky cliffs and ascended steep inclines , Brand occasionally thought of running away .
tr	5	He did not expect Jake to encourage this night work so he knew asking Jake to end the party and send the people home would be futile .
tr	3	With its engines still running the pilot jumped out of the aircraft and sprinted towards the Security Office .
tr	3	""" Well , still , I am very surprised that you haven 't planned your dress ."
tr	0	""" After you , comrade ! """
tr	0	""" Another sighting , sir ! """
tr	1	He was lying on the floor in front of the couch .
tr	3	A NOTE ON REVIEWS I encourage you to leave a review on the vendor where you purchased this e-book .
tr	3	Having to take a boat ride across seemed to make it an even more exotic destination .
tr	4	He then turned to me ' Hello Andrew , your table is ready , as always ' and led the way .
tr	2	""" You can 't do stupid shit like that , you can 't . """
tr	2	Trust yourself , her mom would say , people have instincts just like animals .
tr	5	I think she was meant for me , and we had been lucky enough to find each other in the vast darkness that was this world .
tr	0	A dry smile dawned on my face .
tr	0	Dozens of other kids were jumping out .
tr	1	Past the can , he saw something else .
tr	3	Flaherty felt good about the group , felt as though they had the potential to be an unbeatable team .
tr	3	He is always performing some feat or another for my family , and my father cannot love him more .
tr	5	But what 's got me worried the most is the paltry number of troops we will have here when Grant and Johnson head out for Matamoros .
tr	5	In fact , ' he said reaching to his pocket , ' take a card it 's got my number on it just in case . '
tr	2	"I will , of course , pay for the carpet to be cleaned . """
tr	5	I walk to the forgotten part of the school , down the hallway of despair and sadness and into the classroom where I first met Leo .
tr	4	There is little more happiness to be found here than back home , and Rift finally decides he has seen enough .
tr	0	"Stay with the crowds . """
tr	0	But hunger brought it back .
tr	3	However , as more and more men emerged from the mist , they took to flight .
tr	4	""" This is loosely translated , as all of them basically say the same thing , but not exactly ! """
tr	5	""" This is a strange , dark corner of the world , Milo , "" Browder continued , "" full of strange , dark things ."
tr	5	In the event that something went wrong , he needed the ability to walk away , to deny any involvement if the shit hit the fan .
tr	5	She could see a padlock touching her toes , but she still tried to free herself even as she knew there was no escape without the key .
tr	2	"asked Dickie driving away , "" you don 't look well at all . """
tr	3	The constable loaded us back into the carriage and we drove back to Di Luca 's home .
tr	4	"Strange -- I would have thought you 'd be walking through the corridors of the Fortress or the streets of Lucien . """
tr	0	Apparently everyone was at their desk working .
tr	5	One who had impersonated a member of the Most High -- perhaps even I will be described as a renegade house player who has committed treason .
tr	4	It was a single banner , not very large , but located on the fringe of one of the groups still in disarray .
tr	1	Paddy strolled through the market but could not make them out .
tr	2	I do not believe Clancy would part with these of his own free will .
tr	3	He had made a charred perimeter around us but still held the civilians in his grip .
tr	1	The lady slipped into the crowds like any other tourist .
tr	4	It was the one shot Wilkinson had managed when he made his last and very low pass over the site .
tr	5	After half a dozen stops she got off , waved down a passing cab and set off for the Holiday Inn over by Oxford Circus .
tr	4	The two men nodded solemnly and the commander began to speak , possibly to apologize , but Anderson knew there wasn 't time .
tr	3	Brand didn 't want Harald to be suspicious , despite her protests that His Honor would not care .
tr	1	I glanced at the shelves and sideboards in the front room .
tr	4	While the others looked into the camera , he looked beyond it , as if deep in thought and oblivious to its presence .
tr	4	His eye grows round , the pupil shrinking to a pinprick in the brightening glow of the stranger 's hand .
tr	3	""" I still don 't like being bait , "" Jimmy said , crossing his arms over his chest ."
tr	2	While he looked like Echo , the driver was in fact the shapeshifter .
tr	5	Matthew could not tell for sure , but the body , what he could see of it around the cowboy , didn 't appear to be burned .
tr	0	But that was just the problem .
tr	2	Mr. Clancy moved quickly to the door and without hesitation , opened it .
tr	5	""" So tell me about this Alexius girl everyone seems to want you to marry , "" she asked , getting them moving once again ."
tr	1	It made Jimmy wish for a paved road .
tr	4	If the lad fell , would I abandon him and instead traipse around Europe on the rest of the Tour ?
tr	4	He passed through this as well , and found himself on a staircase that went up as well as down .
tr	4	We had already crossed several corridors and passed more than a dozen side passages , all devoid of signs of life .
tr	1	He 'd been away at sea ever since .
tr	0	""" How do you mean ? """
tr	4	He tended to the inevitable before climbing down the creaking staircase to see if the kitchen would provide the sustenance he was craving .
tr	5	Maybe I could forgive her , or at least tell her that I really do understand about the hunger and the things it made her do .
tr	5	""" Don 't fret it , little man , ain 't much of anything in these parts that can do more than spook a person . """
tr	2	""" But why did you try and kill him if he was innocent ? """
tr	4	His pet project was Human Simulation research , where he was also the primary designer and developer of the systems .
tr	3	That was the work of hundreds of men for years , and you 've done it in an hour !
tr	2	"We promise we won 't go anywhere , don 't we , Simon ? """
tr	5	""" Sir , that tanker coming in , is the first step it will allow him to consolidate power all along the chain to Venezuela ."
tr	0	I stiffened and stared at her .
tr	4	Her hero has been just as burdened as she , and suffered the same twists of fate and inconvenient obligations his whole life .
tr	4	"With no friction or gravity to fight against , you can get the job done with very little effort . """
tr	0	""" An admirable goal ."
tr	1	She had to call him in the morning to confirm everything .
tr	4	Farmer was eager to get started and breakfast always seemed to be a strong argument to get the others out of their sleeping bags .
tr	4	He taped the end of the gauze in place then looked down at his handiwork as he returned the roll to the box .
tr	2	It would be too cruel to take away the only person he has left .
tr	4	""" Only a few dozen times , "" Sam remarked drily , fishing out his cell phone and holding it up ."
tr	0	""" I don 't believe it ! """
tr	3	"Let 's stop by the crime scene , see if the cops got any leads . """
tr	2	"More of a weekend cabin , not really a tourist rental ? """
tr	4	She decided to put it in a plastic bag , along with four others , and wash them at Alex 's house .
tr	3	The woman hurried to get in and Lace hit the gas as soon as she closed the door .
tr	0	""" What are you ... ?"
tr	2	Next to the board , another door opened onto a small office .
tr	1	""" Gema , will you marry me ? """
tr	2	""" I have heard of him , anyway , and his partner , Cantwell . """
tr	2	""" I know where you can get your wood , "" Chris said ."
tr	1	The more she thought about it , the odder it became .
tr	3	He peeked around the dune first to see if anyone was there , but saw nobody .
tr	3	A sense of dread fell over Brand , but he forced himself out of its control .
tr	2	""" Please , tell me a story , "" he repeated , looking at her ."
tr	5	"He said it wasn 't your fault that Father 's a ... "" He stopped again , and a faint blush put colour in his pale cheeks ."
tr	5	She really had to focus on keeping her feet under her as Alejo marched her along , then pushed her through the door of the tent .
tr	1	It was no longer a playful catalogue of tricks .
tr	5	""" Hey , Henderson , tell us about some of the cool places you went to when you were in the Armed Forces , "" I request ."
tr	1	And then it came to him : Chaos .
tr	1	"he cries , "" she 's got a sense of humor ."
tr	3	He ducked behind a tree just as Alex focused on a horse and rider in the distance .
tr	2	"I figured you 'd want to be all business today without your dad knowing . """
tr	3	Logan , regardless of his faults , was one of the most patriotic men I knew .
tr	3	""" If I can I will come after you , but you are not to wait . """
tr	4	The flatbed slowed to a crawl , bumping softly against the heavy , padded concrete transfer block and ground crew swarmed both vehicles .
tr	2	""" Historians always describe Octavian as ' very feminine ' , "" Rick told her ."
tr	1	""" You might as well take in the view ."
tr	4	Now , sitting in the Danish chair , still in the flight suit , Frank looked up at the row of portraits .
tr	0	""" But how ? """
tr	1	His first move was so fast I barely blocked his blow .
tr	1	""" A month ago , "" she answered ."
tr	2	From frowning , I made large eyes , almost popping from the orbits .
tr	3	Taylor had gone back to creating artwork from all kinds of metal objects that he found all over town .
tr	4	Walking in , Chris saw Bill headed upstairs with replacement parts for a toilet that needed two flushes to be fully successful .
tr	4	"I think you have questions that are probably more interesting than facts about stuffy old farts in sheets , don 't you ? """
tr	3	I looked over my shoulder and saw dozens of figures emerge from the trees next to the house .
tr	3	Teams of other men came to quickly roll them away , and then the ship began to scream .
tr	3	For miles , we saw the manicured gardens and meticulously trimmed groves of trees that dominated the landscape .
tr	1	""" Maya , "" he says , confused ."
tr	4	Dark fields spread out to our left , and even the light from the homes was swallowed by the expansive shadows .
tr	4	Shaking his head to clear his thoughts , the king of thieves glares at Link , now unwrapping his hands ceremonially .
tr	5	Stars lit up the dark sky and because they were shining brighter and brighter , the cousins knew that they were flying in a Southerly direction .
tr	2	' Look , there 's no need for all of us to stay .
tr	3	Gardens and small groves dotted the space , and everything was circled by a tall metal fence .
tr	3	They took several more shots until they were zeroed and then Joshua decided to bring it home to them .
tr	0	he said , his eyes sparkling brightly .
tr	1	""" It is time to forgive , Rafe . """
tr	5	Moving closer , while listening to the onscreen pirates , he was surprised to find they 'd gotten it more right than maybe they even imagined .
tr	4	""" My father , although it is true not enamoured of my plan , does not forbid that I carry it through . """
tr	5	The padlock was still dangling from its hasp so I locked them in and threw the key as far as I could into the bushes .
tr	5	His caring creator was scared about something , and judging by the conversation he had overheard he had a very probable idea on what it might be .
tr	1	""" I 'm sure of it , "" he said ."
tr	5	""" Some of those may be Japanese , but some are Chinese , Greek , Cyrillic , alphabetic , numeric , even Roman numerals and hieroglyphics . """
tr	4	And it is in the spirit of Christmas that I ask you now to sign these papers my own elven attorneys drew up .
tr	4	Civic officials denounced this brazen attack as the latest in over a dozen unsolved murders in Paducah in the last two months .
tr	4	Pondering how he will even look for a way out , the boy suddenly remembers the hidden architecture of the Shadow Temple .
tr	2	Veterinary students are always here , seeing to the animals and learning about them .
tr	5	Innocent had leaned over the slumbering policeman , his thick brows drawn in a pensive , thoughtful frown for a long moment before making his pronouncement .
tr	5	Other Titles Cornwall in Prehistory 2005 Tempus ( print only ) -- a basic introduction to the archaeology of this fascinating county in the UK .
tr	1	he said finally , his gaze steady on my face .
tr	3	For a moment Adele was distracted by the thought that Finan was such an old friend of Rafe 's .
tr	3	I walk to the king bed and run my hand along the thick , white comforter .
tr	1	""" I know , "" he answered quietly ."
tr	3	"Neil exhaled in a whoosh and asked , "" Did you understand all of that ? """
tr	4	Chris saw cases and cases of whiskey and wine being carted up , along with bread and meat bearing the familiar Costco label .
tr	0	But this was important to her .
tr	3	""" Jiri , you lie down and keep an eye on that link in the rock ."
tr	1	She raised her arms and it came up even further .
tr	3	He leaned close to the princess and spread his long tapering fingers upon her giant breast .
tr	3	The metal rafter was firm beneath my feet , and I simply refused to look down .
tr	5	After a trial period and numerous tests supervised by the flight deck Captain , he decided it was time to have a talk with the medical staff .
tr	1	""" Wouldn 't they have called off his visit ? """
tr	0	I grudgingly gave him that point .
tr	1	If the world ended now , that would be just fine .
tr	1	"I 'll be there in about an hour . """
tr	2	She pressed him back and blew on the spoonful to cool it .
tr	0	Take Valerian and flee !
tr	1	"Shows how much I know , right ? """
tr	3	He waited a few moments for the man to at least taste his dinner before pestering him again .
tr	1	Had he laughed at her or pitied her ?
tr	2	The big cargo doors made entry and exit of Taylor 's plane very comfortable .
tr	5	""" It 's just , well , I haven 't done anything like this before and I hope I don 't let you all down . """
tr	2	Two hours later , she felt refreshed and clean , her skin soft and creamy .
tr	3	"* "" My oh my just look at you , "" said David , "" you 've got legs !"
tr	1	In the arm , the chest , until my fist hurt .
tr	2	Loud noises came from throughout the building as items crashed off shelves in surrounding rooms .
tr	0	Scott 's gaze was on the bear .
tr	4	""" For the simple fact that you make Laurence smile again , to actually remember why he is living . """
tr	0	An old stock of some sort ? '
tr	5	An old , well used sofa , a wooden desk that was chipped and scratched , and several bookshelves that were ready to fall apart .
tr	5	He looked around the cabin and realized that one priority was going to be cleaning the room to try to minimize the potential for infection .
tr	0	Finan 's voice was hollow .
tr	0	""" To end this foolishness . """
tr	2	""" He said that we should be there by night fall . """
tr	0	She hated to disappoint him .
tr	3	As he passed , he would call out creases and other handholds which the others could use .
tr	3	They had not yet reached the gate when a pair of warriors rode up to them .
tr	2	Turning , she saw him standing in the middle of the road .
tr	5	"To Matthew I hope , Bax thought before saying , "" I don 't know , but judging from the echo it sounds fairly extensive . """
tr	5	Above them , large , brilliantly coloured blooms nestled in the crooks of the branches , dripping nectar , their long fibrous roots dangling toward the earth .
tr	0	He wouldn 't hurt me .
tr	1	""" Only every day , "" Pickett answered ."
tr	1	He paused looking Rafe over with a venomous glare .
tr	0	Dr. Morgan questioned with concern .
tr	4	The passage on the other side of the ventilation shaft extended another eighty feet before stopping at a rusty air-tight door .
tr	0	The earpiece in my ear crackled .
tr	5	Turning his head away from the stranger , Lucas sat and waited as the constantly shifting emotions of the city continued to churn inside him .
tr	1	""" You want me to wear pajamas on a stakeout ? """
tr	1	The tea was hot and good and it helped .
tr	0	He waited a moment before asking .
tr	0	""" Who indeed ? """
tr	2	"We 'll take a few little treasures with us to make it look authentic . """
tr	4	He took the mug , poured the contents down the sink and sat down on the other side of the table .
tr	4	"The guide continued : "" In the early twentieth century lay people got more and more involved in the life of the Church ."
tr	4	I didn 't tell her I was wanted , I turned to face her and found myself facing the barrel of a gun .
tr	2	""" I felt as if the entire coyote population was chewing me out . """
tr	0	Christmas at the earliest .
tr	0	She seemed to hesitate .
tr	2	The dog wagged its tail and put its snout to the screen .
tr	5	Along the bottom edge of the view through the peephole , Ted could see the garage and the fence at the back of the yard .
tr	4	Without a second to celebrate , three more of the ghouls slowly emerge from the rubble , their movements slow and methodical .
tr	1	Carlos nodded to his friends then took off for the wreckage .
tr	5	""" Thank you very much for the offer sir , but I already have a job with Clint and Tide , the law firm . """
tr	3	""" Yea I know , "" said George , "" I was just talking to her ."
tr	4	but I 'm afraid if I move them back to the pasture I won 't have any sheep left come spring .
tr	4	He had wondered too just what some of those fireworks he had liberated from his art teacher 's storage unit actually did .
tr	1	' We 'll get it for you . '
tr	0	Something to talk to Dad about .
tr	0	Was she seeing things ?
tr	1	Not to mention her annoying habit of creeping up on him .
tr	2	Mr. Clancy led them deep into the living growths of the valley .
tr	2	Scott turned his head and looked the other way to hide a smile .
tr	3	"Rick smiled broadly and winked , "" So ... when can we go haul your stuff over ? """
tr	0	""" It has to go underneath . """
tr	4	He was graying on his temples but the remarkable thing was he still had a full crop of red hair .
tr	4	The message was only a single sentence , and a brief one at that : Await My Presence in the antechamber .
tr	3	"When that got no reaction , he added , "" And they 're looking for you . """
tr	4	"I know it as you never shall , and my life is tied to it as you should wish yours will never be . """
tr	3	""" Is this an angel you , uh ... "" They do kill people , I remind myself ."
tr	3	"Maybe I 've eaten something that 's upset my stomach , I might throw up . """
tr	5	""" Hold him , but do not damage him , "" the Seeker said , his brow furrowed in sadness and something akin to disappointment ."
tr	5	Then , for a few minutes they worked along the sides of the artifact , digging out the space around it , expanding the excavation .
tr	3	As we walked back towards the empty house Topsy asked me what I would be doing with it .
tr	2	Unless he 'd been talking to himself , voices meant there was another nearby .
tr	1	The blow sounded like a boxer striking a side of beef .
tr	2	They made their way down from the higher foothills into the woodlands .
tr	2	In my apartment , in my bedroom closet is a whole lot of cash .
tr	5	The view stretched all around : flat patches of sparkling aqua water surrounded by undulating hills , receding in shades of blue to the distant horizon .
tr	5	For the return trip , the fuel will be stored in pressurized tanks in the hollow interior walls between compartments two and three inside the spacecraft .
tr	3	They laughed , hesitated a moment and started walking in opposite directions almost smacking into each other .
tr	4	Pleased with myself , I looked about for rope of any kind , but couldn 't see anything that would keep the man secured .
tr	2	I went twenty feet up the rock wall at the indoor center .
tr	4	"Don 't worry whichever of the Watchers is not on duty with her , only one will be needed . """
tr	3	""" Are you considering a certain ratio of exchange or a simple one for one swap ? """
tr	3	""" I 'll get it , "" Rudolf jumped in , offering to pay for Noah 's drink ."
tr	5	""" If they had checked it properly , like they were supposed to , there wouldn 't have been an assassin there to kill him . """
tr	0	""" Let me get help . """
tr	2	Nelly , the maid , came into the room and pointed at the window .
tr	4	The sound of the raft cracking up below was not the only reason I rushed to pull the supplies out .
tr	2	We can 't get it started again to lift off the tree .
tr	2	These weeds cause me such problems in the spring , even dried as they are .
tr	2	I rock on the balls of my feet feeling conspicuous among the grandeur .
tr	5	Some of these buildings had been converted to storage facilities and loft apartments years ago , but most stood abandoned with broken windows and rusting doors .
tr	0	""" I don 't believe you . """
tr	2	Amber liquid splashed into his glass as he poured in more whisky .
tr	5	Reid 's shout reached my ears at the same time the bullet punched through my rib cage , trailing a river of fire into my body .
tr	4	Rick moved the image around the room to the huge vanity and dressers and began inspecting the tables and drawers .
tr	1	""" George what the bloody hell are you doing here ? """
tr	0	Josie looked at Mark , then Jimmy .
tr	5	"We have been searching for three years for this person , and that search has brought us to you and your group of friends . """
tr	0	"They 're going to paradise . """
tr	2	From the haze of hunger and blighted memory , he could see her insanity .
tr	4	Scott had to take a chance that it was the same bear and that it remembered him and he held out an open hand .
tr	3	Now that he was looking , he could see the waves lapping of the sides of the invisible vessel .
tr	3	""" In a few weeks , worse luck , "" Simon responded , eyeing the last Scotch egg ."
tr	4	""" God has given us a full plate and it 's all that we can do to handle this . """
tr	4	""" He has lost everything ; he will do all in his power to gain some of it back . """
tr	0	"Are you alright ? """
tr	5	Viv was wearing clothes that Jen had picked out of her closet even though they were a little large for her on her scrawny frame .
tr	5	Sebastian invited some of his friends and they came with their girlfriends and boyfriends and there were so many people there , but somehow he was alone .
tr	1	She had already passed away from severe trauma .
tr	2	"She takes care of her grandmother and counts on this job . """
tr	2	""" I don 't care what your name is , "" Sarah said ."
tr	2	I slipped a couple of feet , the wire cutting into my palms .
tr	3	His captain was not to be dissuaded , and it would be wise to be quiet .
tr	3	Why on earth was I bothering about potatoes and pansies when I had Hawker Hunters to think about ?
tr	0	And freed his hostage .
tr	3	Halfway up , he began to hear excited barks and frenzied yelps come from the other side .
tr	4	Chris himself was put to work immediately , laundering sheets and towels and making up beds in third-floor rooms that usually went vacant .
tr	1	I keep my face placid , but my anger flares .
tr	2	That was her dad 's secret to the butterfly and she employed it beautifully .
tr	5	"I mean if guys in black helicopters came down in our town for some reason , would they be likely to leave any evidence behind ? """
tr	1	I winced at the thought of the expensive paintwork .
tr	4	The giant looked her up and down , taking in her skinny , vegetarian 's body and her manly haircut .
tr	2	Chris turned to look at the captain and saw he wasn 't joking .
tr	0	Mark thought to himself .
tr	1	He crushed her body against his , demanding her mouth .
tr	0	Anna grabbed her meal and sat there .
tr	0	Sadness shadowed her eyes .
tr	2	Quickly she was absorbed by a large group of other women , all involved in .
tr	1	""" Sounds good to me , where you been ?"
tr	3	A road sign told him it was the Big Sandy River , the border between West Virginia and Kentucky .
tr	5	The wild notion was gone as quickly as it came , but the delicious tingle of it surged in her veins a good deal longer .
tr	5	' Missile , ' I said , in my happiest voice , without showing my face , then I stood up so that he could see me .
tr	4	He was the seventh living son of the Empress -- and there was much hope that he would remain so .
tr	2	"Normal memory , not used , fades away , "" said Ben ."
tr	3	The only similarity Adele could make out was their dark eyes , smouldering with great vitality .
tr	5	The man lurks somewhere in the dark , and a question hiccups in my mind -- is he a man at all or something else entirely ?
tr	5	Now on his knees , he looked closer at the wall where the shoe must have brushed , hoping to find a bit of leather against it .
tr	0	Time to suck it up .
tr	1	Taylor didn 't quite know how to respond .
tr	1	Malcolm pulled me closer , his fingers loosening their grip .
tr	1	Tony noticed the use of the word ' we . '
tr	5	She wore a long grey dress that looked like it had come from a museum , and a large disc-shaped silver pendant hung from her scrawny neck .
tr	0	Pickett let out a cackle .
tr	3	He paused to strap black swim fins and a mask onto a large waterproof bag before he stood .
tr	4	As part of the peace treaty , new territory was added to the JP including land south of the LBL .
tr	0	Adele asked , standing .
tr	2	More gas receipts ; one from a station in Colorado and two from Nevada .
tr	1	A perfect kill shot , directly over the heart .
tr	2	They found a little path that someone had recently hewn into the bushes .
tr	3	""" Excuse me , sir , but dispatches have arrived from both Colonel Taylor and Lieutenant Governor Philips ."
tr	1	Seamus sat in front where she 'd left him .
tr	4	The pilot activated a touch-screen on his console , opening a channel selector and tapped the line labeled Galileo Shipyard -- Thruster Team .
tr	3	""" At Fort Bragg I was in a company that actually had three brothers in it ."
tr	2	She jogged over to her bike , where Jimmy handed her helmet over .
tr	2	He paused , waiting to see if she would accept the gesture .
tr	5	The argument appeared to be extremely heated , especially on Adam 's side , with loud , angry hand gestures and lots of finger pointing .
tr	0	Then Mark had come along .
tr	4	She was grateful for his help -- the last Creator was not going to die with her face in the dirt !
tr	1	His eyes widened and understanding flashed across his face .
tr	2	""" Do you think , Adele , that you could be happy again ? """
tr	1	""" Come , Adele , this is unlike you ! """
tr	1	he asked with a smile breaking over his whole face .
tr	0	David took his wife 's hand .
tr	0	""" Tell you what ."
tr	2	"† † † "" Mother , Father , please let me go ."
tr	2	""" That 's part of our mission to bring the bridges back into operation ."
tr	3	She then looked directly at the camera and smiled wistfully ... she knew she was being watched .
tr	2	""" I got ta pee before we go to the tenth , "" said George ."
tr	1	Ishmael was off to Peru , then home to Peshawar .
tr	2	After all , I 've hardly aged in the last twenty-five years . '
tr	4	General Anderson sipped his hot tea and scowled at the heavily scribbled and highlighted map on his dining room table .
tr	3	Alejo sank down onto the ground with a clear view of his tent , still feeling sick and undone .
tr	1	Women had come into the corridor behind them .
tr	3	Benjamin also worked as a doctor in a little clinic sponsored by the government of Iran .
tr	0	""" Some small trifles ? """
tr	2	I keep reaching up hoping to catch any lingering wisps of the glow .
tr	0	He flashed me a fake smile .
tr	5	We are talking to the mortician here in Darwin , he thinks that the formaldehyde will probably kill the flesh , especially at the injection site .
tr	3	Moments later the little girl took four decisive steps toward them and held out an open hand .
tr	0	see the New Year in here .
tr	1	I normally have to fight for time between the two .
tr	0	It was exactly the same .
tr	1	I 've had to use it on a few occasions . '
tr	0	I struggled to get to my feet .
tr	1	He speaks with the rhythm of his motion .
tr	1	""" Too bad he 's got the hots for Abby ! """
tr	5	Mike had always been able to view her with a neutral eye because of the close family tie and they had grown up as best friends .
tr	5	I remembered watching my brother pound our fathers face til my mother complained how the hell she 'd get the bloodstains out of the carpet .
tr	1	Finan arrested the child 's movements as he made to leave .
tr	4	""" Well , it 's me that 's led the band up to now , "" the other man reasoned in a high-pitched voice ."
tr	2	Rafe looked a little surprised as these activities were listed to him .
tr	4	The road carried the small car up and out of the desert , into the beginnings of Arizona 's coniferous forests .
tr	4	He tried several times to answer , but every attempt only brought more spurts of uncontrollable laughter ; tears streamed down his cheeks .
tr	2	They marched on for several turns until the sun had climbed to midday .
tr	1	For the first time she wondered where she was .
tr	0	""" Don 't you know ? """
tr	4	A few of their bullets grazed the ropes holding him over the water and the rope slowly started to unravel .
tr	0	"One , two , three . """
tr	4	""" True , "" he responded , "" although it helps our -- "" again Neil lost the drift of the conversation ."
tr	1	""" I believe so , my lord . """
tr	2	A mere sentence or two was enough to make his eyes droop .
tr	1	Shaking his head , he continued to peruse the writing .
tr	5	""" But , I thought ... "" Lex started to complain but his mother shot him a look that made him think better of it ."
tr	4	It was a large clearing in front of the house that was used for festivals and quite often where the children played .
tr	1	The smarter of these men arranged phone calls to each other .
tr	5	Taking her elbow and using her present condition as an excuse to touch her , he led the way back into the building and toward his office .
tr	4	""" My own parents can 't wait for me to leave school , get a job and support my entire family . """
tr	1	But back to the building I found myself in .
tr	4	""" Step aside , "" he said with a threatening attitude , moving to push her out of the way ."
tr	4	Cade 's eyes flickered up to the heavens for an instant as if he could read whatever it was that the woman saw there .
tr	5	Rafe shuddered ; it wasn 't the intent that unsettled him so horribly , it was the fact that he had been blind to it .
tr	5	asked Maggie , and the young man , maybe ten years older than she , sat down and gave her a ten-minute lesson on flight .
tr	2	At first he was reluctant to encourage her , tending to his work at hand .
tr	1	I pulled my hat low , to hide my face .
tr	4	"If you know any experts from the future , please , let me know and we 'll contact them . """
tr	5	-- about whether she should allow him to play football or if they should tell him his hamster died , she wanted to laugh outloud .
tr	5	The strange headpiece piqued my curiosity , but then I remembered that some stranger had just sat at our table ; my eyes flicked toward him .
tr	5	There remains one nagging question that neither science nor religion has confronted or answered to my satisfaction , yet it is to me of paramount importance .
tr	1	The very thought struck a discordant chord deep within my soul .
tr	2	' You think this has something to do with surviving the seventeenth death ? '
tr	3	Eda looked slightly mollified at this utterance in praise of her friend , and Adele flushed with pleasure .
tr	5	"Don 't try to make it happen , "" she coached , "" There is no rush you 'll run soon enough after you start walking . """
tr	4	† † † September 12 , 1621 New people boarded the ship today : a man and his wife and their young child .
tr	3	If they would let me I 'd rather eat at the kid 's table every time .
tr	0	""" What is it ? """
tr	5	For a moment Carol was not sure how to respond , but took a deep breath and invited Sam to join her in the kitchen .
tr	1	""" Maybe somebody 's poaching out of season ."
tr	1	""" Until now , "" I say to him ."
tr	3	In Harold 's experience mistakes in a prison led directly to death as sure as night followed day .
tr	3	""" You need someone to help you , and it looks like I 'm all you 've got . """
tr	1	You almost sent her to an early grave .
tr	0	""" How mean what guys are ? """
tr	5	""" You can 't buy a home in Rome unless you have a lot of money or are related to a senator , "" Lucius said skeptically ."
tr	5	The final , rather arrogant band , hadn 't wanted to share their equipment meaning Little Spirit would have to use all their own gear .
tr	3	""" If it 's any consolation , Eva 's met him and thinks he 's nice . """
tr	0	Missy whispered to Kevin .
tr	0	The guard raced forward .
tr	5	He had been wounded a thousand times , but the Sword of Sages impaled his very soul , inflicting him with a wholly new sensation of pain .
tr	4	"This next decision shall be yours and for my part , I will follow you as you have followed me . """
tr	3	Lilly Ann put in the first gear and took off with gravel shooting out under the back wheels .
tr	1	"Neither have I. "" Sarah still looked puzzled about something ."
tr	5	"You don 't know me , but my name is Hector Villanueva and I 'm a volunteer with the SAR search and rescue team . """
tr	0	We skidded to a stop .
tr	1	""" And it 's been running on what ? """
tr	2	"I was wondering if I might have a few minutes of your time . """
tr	4	Ladders and ramps were lifted over the side and the men were able to come ashore with no more than their lower half wet .
tr	1	The small canine expanded rapidly to the size of a horse .
tr	4	For personal reasons having to do with trouble my conscience tends to give me , I wish to do so without harming you .
tr	2	Lilly Ann walked up to Helen Spade and looked her squarely in the eyes .
tr	0	Alex asked with a horrified look .
tr	0	The stairs were endless .
tr	3	It was necessary , but the fight was elsewhere and he longed to be where the action was .
tr	0	He meant to travel alone on foot .
tr	3	Eda put her arm around her friend 's shoulders and drew her into a comforting embrace .
tr	1	The aggravation had made the wound bleed again .
tr	1	That 's going a bit far , ' she said harshly .
tr	3	"I will keep my oath , and God piss on the man who tries to stop me . """
tr	5	"I know you ain 't much for that , yo , but ain 't like I 'm gone , just a little bit away . """
tr	2	""" We had a choice , "" Gabe insists though I did not challenge him ."
tr	1	Kevin hollered from the end of the line .
tr	2	Adele laughed and flicked an infinitesimal drop of water up at her friend .
tr	1	""" A diamond of yellow , "" Rick mumbled ."
tr	2	Chapter 9 The Argument he jungle path seemed stranger and more mysterious at night .
tr	1	""" No , but it can 't be hard ."
tr	0	""" I am . """
tr	4	007 sat back in the driver 's seat , raised his eyebrows , and looked over his shoulder at Toby .
tr	0	"Oh my God . """
tr	0	""" What are they ? """
tr	4	She twisted her head to follow Gabriel 's movement and then froze as she saw him yank a gun out of the bag .
tr	4	The loud snap of the trap and rabbit 's scream had heralded the moment when regular fresh meat came back into their lives .
tr	5	Claire resisted the urge to lecture them in mountain savvy : after all , she was still a novice and had made her own mistakes .
tr	2	My nails dig into my wrists , and the pain keeps me anchored .
tr	3	The sun streamed in through the window , and the clock on top of the dresser ticked loudly .
tr	1	""" Who 's in charge of this facility again ? """
tr	3	""" He 'll never have my fashion sense , smooth lines or moves with the ladies . """
tr	4	""" Go see what Kaylie would like to eat , "" Rick instructed Anna so she could get it before the concession stand closed ."
tr	0	No one had moved .
tr	4	Circling around the stationary Link , Ganondorf summons glyph after glyph , sprinting across the temporary bridge until he is back on solid ground .
tr	4	I just hate form filling ' , and passed it over to me , I hope Aaron hadn 't switched the engines off yet .
tr	2	It was such an honor that the Khan had thought of him for this job .
tr	4	Noah and I have a ways to go before we beat Tiago in the piercing count , she thought , still smiling .
tr	1	""" I think I understand , "" said Jacob ."
tr	2	Coach dished out the rest of the assignments for the meet and dismissed everyone .
tr	2	The bikers stopped a dozen feet from the edge of the burnt wreckage .
tr	1	He gave her a moment before looking at her again .
tr	1	""" Is that my hairbrush you 're using ? """
tr	0	""" Sure , "" she agreed ."
tr	5	How many days he had left to live , how many days until he reached the Fortress , this time in chains , and was killed .
tr	1	""" You are tired , Finn , "" she murmured ."
tr	5	The knife blade turned parallel with the plane of the arrowhead and sliced the meat that was shoulder muscle to clear the point of the barb .
tr	0	get Mudd back in here ... . .
tr	1	""" So you see the problem in it . """
tr	3	She sighed and quickly pushed the memory of his face away , before the tears caught up with her .
tr	3	She looked proudly upon her trusty ride and turned to her visitors with a beaming smile .
tr	4	The southeastern portion of the massive room grows noticeably brighter , the mystical , pink sand doubling its flow from that direction .
tr	4	"She jerked Miriam 's face around , considered her for a moment , and added , "" Pity to lose them curls ."
tr	3	""" For fifty years on one has left it except those -- "" Again she checked herself ."
tr	5	Before they knew it , they were within the walls of Rome , staring at the exact steps Octavian would traverse in just a few minutes .
tr	4	""" I guess it can wait , we have all the time in the world if this stuff is real , right ? """
tr	2	""" Keep your hands off me , or I 'll split your skull ."
tr	2	The latter did not return it ; instead a frown marred his reddening brow .
tr	2	""" Jennie it is then , "" he said , "" call me George . """
tr	0	You make my heart sing .
tr	2	I grasp for it back , but he pushes my arm away and turns around .
tr	5	""" Don 't know quite what to say to that , Mr. Hawk Banks , "" Hank said , continuing to trudge on down the trail ."
tr	0	' Put your seat belt on . '
tr	2	Having missed her customary two days off Jennie was taking the day off .
tr	4	"I 'll make them wish that they had never left their cursed islands , that they had never seen a ship ! """
tr	1	Rafe grasped his father 's hand tightly in his own .
tr	5	Leaving the money for their bill on the table , Bax donned his battered hat , tipped it at the waitress , and headed for the door .
tr	3	My hands grew moist , gently tracing the watery stones around me as I waited for the dawn .
tr	0	At least she was consistent about that .
tr	1	But more importantly , the gas had hurt Josie .
tr	4	As Sarah watched him , she found herself marveling at how quickly he 'd let go of the old ways and his old life .
tr	3	He would have his time with them , but when he left , he never thought about them again .
tr	0	His eyes widened when he saw me .
tr	4	A phrase leapt out at him ' All is one ' , this was so ; he felt it , so it was real .
tr	3	The truth was far more complicated and , to be quite frank , it filled her with fear .
tr	0	Lady Adele 's brow furrowed in concentration .
tr	4	"Connie was standing next to me she asked , "" GW why did you do that to those people . """
tr	5	In a swift motion , I snatch up a wriggling body , squeeze out its energy and place the small corpse on a napkin behind me .
tr	5	Sixty Meter Observatory Mauna Kea , Hawaii February 15th , 2026 Mike was out in the vestibule with Sergeant Davis when the new arrivals walked in .
tr	3	I 'll fill her in about the other four but the less she knows about you the better .
tr	5	He looked up at the night sky and thought it might be brightening a bit in the east and knew he had to get home .
tr	5	He , too , was dressed in his Sunday best for the funeral , wearing a tailored navy blue suit and a chapeau to match .
tr	3	""" I think I do , "" answered Brazen , taking a long draw off his cigarette ."
tr	4	""" Piece of cake , "" Rift shrugs , failing to generate enough confidence to sound anything short of extremely sarcastic ."
tr	0	""" A hard case ? """
tr	5	* * * Putting their faith in the makeup girls who plied on foundation and eye shadow the boys edged towards a post new romantic look .
tr	4	Three brief leaps later , he has reached his destination , though the pillars expectedly crumbled and collapsed in his wake .
tr	5	In the meantime , two more containers of goods arrived and now things were everywhere , even on the muddy ground under the unfinished entrance porch .
tr	2	She looked down , her tired eyes surrounded by a dark smudge of fatigue .
tr	3	She did tell them , however , that they had recently trapped and relocated a couple of harmless bobcats .
tr	1	", as many as your mind can imagine . """
tr	0	Diana is more serious .
tr	2	"But for now , my men will be the only guests at our wedding . """
tr	4	He turned and saw it was Dawkins , Barney 's lawyer , who always seemed to be somewhere on the premises .
tr	3	He prayed a deer or something didn 't jump into their path because his men would certainly all die .
tr	0	""" You alright ? """
tr	1	Her arms wrapped around my middle and she pushed .
tr	2	He turned hearing screaming behind him as a dark figure closed in .
tr	4	"You ran away from the hotel with that schizophrenic guy ... "" "" Hold on , don 't even start Helen ."
tr	4	"They said , if they got involved in this situation , they would lose all their influence for Christ . """
tr	1	Ronald Reagan , the actor from California . .
tr	2	Taylor pulled the ring out of his pocket , still hiding it from Lilly Ann .
tr	1	She would miss him , her big bear of a brother .
tr	4	It was oddly quiet -- sounds were too low and garbled , not matching the movements outside this thing they were caught in .
tr	2	""" What a turnaround , first diplomatic mission for the US will be Cuba !"
tr	5	Pulling myself up and over onto the roof is surprisingly easy , though I know I wouldn 't have been able to do it before .
tr	1	""" Never heard of them , "" Tony quickly responded ."
tr	0	Cliff Peyton was kinda boring .
tr	2	Don 't mistake me -- he is the epitome of Southern gentility .
tr	3	"Not against my will , I 'm the County Executive , this is my business . """
tr	5	Again , she put on her brother 's clothing and when Roberto looked at her with dismay , she shrugged her shoulders without saying a word .
tr	1	Here 's what I think we should do .
tr	5	""" But it 's just not right for me to stay where I am , "" Alejo told Stalin , "" if I 'm not a Muslim ."
tr	4	They both laughed and hugged as the woman 's appearance solidified as if nothing unusual had transpired in the last few moments .
tr	3	She resisted the temptation to just pull the gun out and ride down the street demanding information .
tr	5	After all , he was thinking of their comfort : yet they were looking at him as though he had suggested something in questionable taste .
tr	1	He looked back and forth between Josie and Jimmy .
tr	5	""" We 've been monitoring the dam 's general internal temperature for several months due to a slight elevation indicating a major electrical problem somewhere . """
tr	5	* * * * * Back in the living room , I opened the drapes to reveal the city dazzling in its own artificial starlight .
tr	2	I keep telling Aimee she needs to find a good man and settle down .
tr	5	Hank had never been in a war before , but if that was the first shot of this war , Hank figured it to be entirely forgettable .
tr	3	His fingers clattered over the keyboard of the onboard computer in the rear of one of the vans .
tr	2	Cletus and Pete , meanwhile , had come to a different conclusion .
tr	4	"She suddenly realized the content of his earlier words "" What do you mean , you don 't have to ? """
tr	5	"Speaking of lying , you lied when you told me you didn 't speak to your father , but you did , didn 't you ? """
tr	5	""" There are sixty-one FedEx drop off points between here and where we took him down , "" Mason volunteered , looking up from his tablet ."
tr	5	"The one that doesn 't , the last on the right , groans , "" Please , doctor your alarmist viewpoint does not do you justice . """
tr	1	No minerals have ever been found in the caves or anything .
tr	3	Buy a Pontiac you 're going get a Chevrolet engine , don 't like it , tough .
tr	1	""" But not easy , "" he cautioned ."
tr	5	"Cade admitted , "" Though we 'd still have to get out of the city , that 's easier than on a ship with agents around ."
tr	2	"There 's a place for you and the boy if you want to come . """
tr	1	And she comforted him , his head on her shoulder .
tr	4	Anna took the seat he vacated , reached for the mouse and slowly scrolled down the pages on the display .
tr	1	""" Why do you always say that ? """
tr	2	' I 'll go first , ' he said and moved towards the stairs .
tr	4	He dropped to her side and picked up a dagger , which had been lying on the forest floor beside her -- her dagger .
tr	1	Open the door , ' someone said through the woodwork .
tr	4	He laid the shirt over his lap , put the truck in reverse and began backing out of the space .
tr	2	Sarah handed him the rifle and a small bag of cold biscuits with goat butter .
tr	2	"Ensign Jeffery Jackson USN at your service , permission to come aboard , sir . """
tr	0	"We were so worried ? """
tr	3	"I would do as they say if I were in your shoes , "" he said through clenched teeth ."
tr	0	""" Can you see him ? """
tr	5	The marine twins have no intention of hitting him with a knockout punch , but instead aim to wear him down until he cannot go on .
tr	4	""" Honest , it 's not in my room -- you know , Simon 's new room -- or anything like that . """
tr	1	""" Remember what I said about keeping it a secret . """
tr	4	""" Fine , "" said David as he turned and walked away into the approaching twilight the shotgun slung low over his back ."
tr	0	he asked the group in general .
tr	2	""" I am surprised a traveler of your experience does not see the difference ."
tr	4	When I reached them , my friends were staring down at the valet , a knife imbedded in his throat .
tr	3	He actually looked rather normal now in dark jeans , a hunter green hoodie , and leather tennis shoes .
tr	3	He knew its value , and he knew how it felt to bear a stain upon it .
tr	4	Wasting no time , he runs for higher ground , but is forced to descend the narrow staircase to exit .
tr	3	""" Well , maybe I do at that , "" he said as a thought came to him ."
tr	1	What if the last bus out tonight left without them ?
tr	3	Immediately , the pressure on his arm stopped , and Beau pushed the hatch all the way up .
tr	3	The quill had pressed hard enough into the paper to make little ridges and valleys on the other side .
tr	4	""" No need to look so bad , "" said Nathan , "" it worked out , we 're okay . """
tr	0	They 'd been trying for a baby .
tr	2	I 've known your mother for over twenty years now ... ... .
tr	4	"As time went on it became more difficult to tell her a truth that would give embarrassment to us both . """
tr	1	This is what brings me down enough to start thinking .
tr	2	He quickly took the patient 's pulse and determined it to be weaker than normal .
tr	5	Creating another X , and launching it at his opponent ends in failure as the fire rips it to shreds long before it even gets close .
tr	4	""" Remember , you are not inhaling and exhaling , you 're merely a vessel through which air may travel . """
tr	2	He stood up and marched to the steps , not looking back .
tr	0	"Are we even near any water ? """
tr	2	Wings sprouted from its back and its limbs thickened , sprouting grasping claws .
tr	4	""" The lights , "" Taylor insisted , "" how do you make the lights come on , and why the clapping ?"
tr	4	Around the desk were the essentials , a communication post , a gun rack , a food processor and a bed .
tr	5	Perhaps it was a lesson passed down from his late father , or maybe the senior McCord had made the mistake of assuming that bigger meant better .
tr	0	Work around the transverse colon .
tr	3	""" Or I 'll tell ' em and I 'm not as good a teller as you . """
tr	3	""" She swallowed when they came in the sun , looking at Pierre with pleading eyes ."
tr	2	"Why don 't you just kick me out and adopt her ! """
tr	0	"You have my leave to go . """
tr	0	Sarah asked , pointing .
tr	2	When daylight coloured the water he saw her stir in her sleep .
tr	3	Nathan wondered again how his two sons could be so different , and not just in appearance .
tr	5	I hadn 't even given a thought to what I was to bring home to father , but maybe it was best that I hadn 't .
tr	0	""" Spy Games business . """
tr	5	Logan turned towards the others and made to speak , but Jacob held up a finger , his eyes tracking something we couldn 't see .
tr	1	I need five men , yourself plus four more .
tr	5	Immediately forced to leap back a step , the livid zombie narrowly avoids the torrent of snapping jaws when four heads replace the severed pair .
tr	0	His face is thoughtful .
tr	1	The lines on his forehead looked like mountain ridges .
tr	0	That 's when the white image appeared .
tr	2	They reached the hills within a half turn and raced through a deep trough .
tr	4	He would make his way to the edge of the forest skirting its outer canopy in his run for Shallow 's Reach .
tr	3	""" There is one more bit of news I must share with you , "" Harald shouted ."
tr	3	Reggie pulled out the piece of wrinkled paper Brazen had given him and unfolded it carefully .
tr	3	' We 'll take care of the cameras if we can , ' I said into the mouthpiece .
tr	3	Dry eyes were hard to find as the large group crossed the bridge together into the Jackson Purchase .
tr	4	Bushy fir trees hug in close to the road , and I catch swatches of larger houses set far back into wooded lots .
tr	3	Bobby Wilson , the prison 's doctor , stood up and the room went still again .
tr	3	He told me he had been searching for me and that he had teachings to give to me .
tr	0	""" Shapeshifter , remember ?"
tr	2	The men implicated in the disturbance subsequently fled the scene in separate vehicles .
tr	3	Of course , it had been Phillip 's light that we saw from the grounds earlier .
tr	0	Or say he was sorry ?
tr	5	When he reached a point where neither end of the bridge was visible , an odd sound set the hairs of his neck to dancing .
tr	1	When he looked back he caught the look of his sister .
tr	0	Where 's Jimmy Hoffa ?
tr	3	' I hate to ask this of you , but do you think you can find out more ? '
tr	4	His massive arms gently reached out and parted the bushes , his frame sinking as he revealed a large hawk nestled among the branches .
tr	5	After ' the Pulse ' , the Governor had immediately declared martial law for the state , so anyone disobeying the law could be incarcerated immediately .
tr	4	If he had said more than three unnecessary words to her in a week , it might have been as casual as it seemed .
tr	5	He felt worthless , empty and bored so he left the Colony deciding to continue his search for God Sun in the innermost domains of himself .
tr	5	Mark didn 't want to burden Kenichi with any more stressful information , so he decided to skip the problem with Jon and Kimberly and the police .
tr	0	"Can you feel them ? """
tr	0	I 'm Petra now .
tr	1	""" I 'm erasing this conversation , "" he said ."
tr	1	It had been like seeing a ghost from his childhood .
tr	5	He was on his feet , staring after her with a peculiar expression that lay somewhere between surprise and hope , but he hadn 't moved .
tr	2	From his place in the water he could not help but to admire her .
tr	4	' What ' she shrieked , ' you mean that I didn 't have to drop my knickers to get the sale ' .
tr	2	The dog collapsed into his lap , nipping and licking at the boy 's sleeve .
tr	4	It was sewn from a fabric woven in the intricate patterns that resembled a magnified view of geometric fractals called a Mandelbrot set .
tr	4	As he sat watching her face , listening to the soft whisper of her breath , he was surprised he was not more panicked .
tr	2	Anna buried her face in his chest , her muffled sobs filling the room .
tr	5	Those times are long gone , descent individuals no longer wish to serve in government and be exposed to muckraking , gridlock , and phony political correctness .
tr	5	""" Sir , several vessels of unknown origin have just jumped into orbit and are bearing down on us sir , "" the officer proclaims frantically ."
tr	5	He also hoped the Priestess missed the symbols on the man 's jacket that identified him , shamefully , as from Gan 's own North Clan .
tr	4	Landon gaped at the clearing , then hurried forward to catch up with Elaina on the narrow path that wound away from the clearing .
tr	3	The threatening clouds had finally released their waters the moment they had stepped back on deck .
tr	5	It was a bright clear day , for a change , without any rain in the forecast ... ... although you can never be sure .
tr	4	""" That guy on the phone made it sound like we 'd disappear if we knew too much , "" Jimmy said ."
tr	2	The poor thing was wearing a baby bonnet and a diaper and was meowing frantically .
tr	5	For his last search term , he typed in the name Lady Grace , and he couldn 't have been more excited by what he found .
tr	5	I look through the drawer of rat pups and huddled in the corner , with his head under his body sleeping , is the perfect rat .
tr	2	He pulled into the clearing and rolled to the waiting operating wagon .
tr	2	For the first time , since she came to my door , I watched her .
tr	5	It was far too hot , and she looked like a fool , but she was well past caring that Cade watched with a hint of surprise .
tr	1	Still the same Lord Brogan , he reflected wryly .
tr	5	The line of men pressed ever onward , ascending and descending , climbing and crawling , and occasionally wading , as the cave system dictated .
tr	4	The fifty-five year old director of artificial intelligence projects had worked his way through the bureaucracy at NET for over twenty-five years .
tr	0	""" I don 't think so ."
tr	3	I see the light coming , but I just stand there , dumb as a rock .
tr	0	He hasn 't been feeling well .
tr	2	I went to bathroom and the first thing I did was a cold shower .
tr	1	""" No , Alex , color is irrelevant ."
tr	0	I 'd need more like six months .
tr	0	""" I promise . """
tr	4	Although his lips emitted no noise , his body fell backwards , collapsing into the door with a hollow thud .
tr	1	She pulled out the novel she had been reading to them .
tr	4	""" 007 , that 's called brown nosing and it was a feeble attempt at that , "" said Alfred chuckling ."
tr	1	They stared at me curiously while I climbed into the SUV .
tr	5	""" About twenty-five years ago , I was just of age , I came home one day after training and found my whole family in an uproar ."
tr	1	The dark , piercing eyes finally fell on me .
tr	2	It was a long shot and would 've been way too easy .
tr	3	Without waiting a moment , the priest tossed him the sword and drew another small blade .
tr	0	Gabriel paused , and wrinkled his nose .
tr	2	I was knocked back in the fight , and I lost my gun .
tr	1	In truth he seemed unconscious of his good fortune .
tr	3	I look at his thin , boy 's body and hide my smirk with another question .
tr	0	To what , he had no clue .
tr	2	' Once infected , the end came within a matter of days .
tr	5	And , I sure as hell don 't care about that frigging chip on your shoulder over the fact that I became Commander and not you .
tr	3	Just then , however , Jacob rushed from the chapel , his pistols splitting the night air .
tr	4	She can hear the rain begin to fall , closing in from a great distance as her desperate thirst is nearly quenched .
tr	4	It appears to have created little difficulty between Canada and the US as we operate on a more or less level playing field .
tr	4	Topsy then flung open the end doors and just inside we could make out the gleaming nose of a Mark 6D Hawker Hunter .
tr	2	A blur of energy streaks across the room and slips under Gabe 's bed .
tr	3	Colonel Blimp did introduce me to a Lieutenant that commands the Military Police on the base .
tr	3	Near the top of the pass , a kindly peasant asked if I wanted a ride .
tr	0	""" The judge pronounces you guilty . """
tr	4	"Do her hair properly today , please ; I don 't want her looking as wild as she did yesterday . """
tr	5	If you have ever experienced the feeling of great joy and endless happiness , it is very hard to come back to the grey reality .
tr	2	He could leave those two bullies in the dust any time he wanted .
tr	1	""" Good idea , "" Lilly Ann agreed ."
tr	5	If one of us gets depressed or starts to whimper negative emotions or thoughts , it will create an unhealthy environment for all of us .
tr	3	Neither one of you will ever set foot into the flat , that is the only rule .
tr	2	When she thought of her concerns -- concerns that actually kept her up at night !
tr	2	Chelsea panted as she entered the shower room and hurriedly peeled off her suit .
tr	2	Jessica didn 't have the energy to take off the extra pants and shirt .
tr	4	It was a safe bet that none of them would understand the slang that she had picked up from her students .
tr	3	"If something breaks from now on and I am near it , it won 't be my doing . """
tr	5	Beneath her , the pier bisected the bay she had walked along , prodding into the water ; the only straight line in a scene of curves .
tr	5	They were far off from the target , but they were enough to throw Adnan off his aim and get him to duck for cover .
tr	3	His teeth were yellow , signalling his unhealthy lifestyle and an ugly grin was on his face .
tr	4	Case in point I observed a group of environmentalists studying the deleterious effects man had inflicted on the St , Johns River .
tr	3	Two more rounds hammered into the giant 's skull , shattering bone and pulping his brain .
tr	2	Neil pulled himself further into the bush as the cart drove away .
tr	5	To find out it wasn 't that way at all ... well , it just makes me wonder what else I 'm not seeing clearly .
tr	0	' Where did Strauss go ? '
tr	1	Rafe wondered where they were , if they were safe ?
tr	4	"I dashed to the hunting room , grabbed the first revolver I found , loaded it , and raced here by hired carriage . """
tr	2	Apparently he was on a ' too lower a pay grade ' to think .
tr	5	Hailey became more aware of the other flowers in the same plant and how each of them seemed to have a different Bee working on it .
tr	4	""" I bought us a perfectly good pair of Border Patrol badges that we 've never gotten to use . """
tr	2	He shook his head and managed to pull himself upright , staring forward .
tr	3	The automated voice took on a more artificial tone as the small speakers in his helmet activated .
tr	5	""" You know , one of these days your going to get caught Lex , and when you do it 's going to mean trouble ."
tr	2	This is an entirely new body , acrobatic and strong like an elite gymnast .
tr	3	In the days of sail , a ship 's main armament was mounted on the port and starboard sides .
tr	0	Besides , he 's right .
tr	1	make sure everything 's on line ... ... .
tr	0	"I did it ! """
tr	1	"Taylor asked , "" Am I missing something here ? """
tr	5	A few moments later , the sound of men dragging something -- someone -- heavy reached David 's ears , and he almost sighed in relief .
tr	5	"I 'm sorry I missed one of those bastards , if I 'd been a bit sharper you 'd not be in that chair . """
tr	5	Then the Goddess sent the dream to more and more people , dozens and dozens , until they began to speak of it out loud .
tr	2	Josie said quickly , before Jimmy could bombard Mark with questions about the White House .
tr	1	I cannot recall a single argument between us .
tr	4	She asks , only glancing at him for a moment before returning her eyes to the angry enemy before them .
tr	2	""" Seriously , "" he said , "" will you marry me , Jen ?"
tr	0	Josie was no longer wearing her sundress .
tr	3	Anna automatically wielded her chalk , Jessica prepared the camera and Alex and Christy illuminated the room .
tr	0	""" I didn 't know my father ."
tr	3	The man who stopped me asked me to leave the deck because I would make matters worse for Cisco .
tr	1	""" We didn 't plan faking my death ."
tr	5	He settled down surrounded by the night sounds , the chuckling of the shallow river to his rear and the breeze rattling the branches above his head .
tr	2	' Put me down , ' she commanded in a firm tone .
tr	0	"I check our six . """
tr	4	His disposition did not improve when I handed him a wad of soggy dollar bills at the end of the journey .
tr	4	""" Well , Virgil , "" Theodosia said in a cold tone , "" what exactly is it that you suggest ?"
tr	0	She turned back to the bunker .
tr	4	From his research , he knew it would be a massive thing , as tall as the ship was long .
tr	2	"I asked , "" Gerald are you willing to try it ? """
tr	0	His voice sounded urgent .
tr	4	The bulbs are pressing against the fabric of my gloves as I look at the woman , watch her confused aura shiver .
tr	3	If there was to be a fight , we weren 't going to leave Jacob alone .
tr	2	At Marie 's house , right away I knew something was wrong .
tr	2	Theodosia turned from the window and raised one hand as if brushing away a fly .
tr	1	but still easily discernible with the help of the flash .
tr	5	The setting is eerily quiet , the vast majority of the inhabitants having moved into the castle until the slow moving repairs show some progress .
tr	4	"Muhammad didn 't quite understand , but he knew when to grin stupidly and say "" Sorry , Mister Williams ."
tr	1	He stood , leaving both women to go and retrieve it .
tr	3	"Any agreement that might be reached cannot be imagined to be anything but short lived . """
tr	4	For three days , they sailed around the south coast and up the east coast until they reached the Isle of Saint Marie .
tr	0	I surprise myself -- I slow down .
tr	1	What does a guy like him do in his spare time ?
tr	3	The character in the story was not terribly important , but I asked her to elaborate .
tr	4	the humor escaped her that she used the same words that she first heard from him to greet him back into her life .
tr	3	It was carved out of very dark laminated wood and had the hub of its predecessor already installed .
tr	1	""" I thought you didn 't want to go ! """
tr	0	The casing was 5.56 mm .
tr	0	I am too busy dying to care .
tr	0	"Let 's go ! """
tr	2	I shrugged , silently indicating that the choice was his to make .
tr	2	""" I am only pleased that we could be of help . """
tr	5	With the slightest movement of a finger , a fiery blazing , red orb streaked through the cold air , leaving a foggy pink trail behind it .
tr	2	And maybe Avalon if I can get over these knives sticking in my heart .
tr	4	""" Artillery comes in too fast , but I bet a shuttle could gently push through just the way this debris did . """
tr	5	Years ago , when she had imagined children , they had been just like this young man , right down to the father 's confident personality .
tr	3	The captain had raised his head to stare up at the tall pine that dominated the green .
tr	4	"I have something very important I have to do , "" Neil began , and Riki 's face creased , preparing to whine ."
tr	5	"Inhaling deeply so she wouldn 't choke on the words , Claire said softly , "" Sorry Mum , I must have misheard Ruth 's instructions ."
tr	2	Anna placed her fingers over her grandfather 's and stared at me intently .
tr	4	""" You don 't know that , "" insisted Joshua , "" they could have been folks just like us . """
tr	0	And then the wrestling match was on .
tr	3	Toby noticed Victoria 's surprise , then the sadness in her eyes , confirming the truth .
tr	2	Considering the events of the last week , this was hardly a surprise .
tr	3	"But ... that would make it harder to identify the individual , wouldn 't it ? """
tr	4	If you liked The Faith , I 'd humbly ask that you please write a review and tell others what you thought .
tr	4	There is a particular look in their eyes , no matter which side they fight for , of horror and pain ... a deadness .
tr	4	The big trunk threatened to slide further down and crush the unconscious Frank Turner if it was moved the wrong way .
tr	3	My hardest trial was not snacking on the tasty tidbits spread out in front of me .
tr	1	I crushed the file on Peyton in my grip .
tr	5	* * * Two miles south and east they came to the mouth of a shallow valley leading off the major one they were following .
tr	3	"He was sick for a long time , and the new ruler should have been his daughter . """
tr	4	Parnell was a politician , and like the rest of his kind , he could smell blood in the water .
tr	0	That or he be with the crew .
tr	4	A scar carved a jagged path from the corner of his right ear all the way down to his mouth .
tr	2	I trust him with everything because I know his love is unchanging .
tr	1	I was her reminder of a better world , I guess .
tr	0	His pants were bloody and ripped .
tr	4	Mark suddenly realized that the debris covering him wasn 't just crushing him beneath its weight - the debris was on fire .
tr	2	' Yes , ' I said , struggling to maintain my composure .
tr	4	I knew from talking to Tomas Godard two days before that Anna had never handled a firearm in her life .
tr	1	Then Alejo broke the silence , voice thick with relief .
tr	2	Together they hiked along the hillside in silence , reaching the truck in record time .
tr	4	I 'll have to tell someone eventually , if they 're to help me , but how do I know who I should trust ?
tr	2	How could he look at me like he wanted to kiss me ?
tr	2	""" That bird will ignore us and go to sleep now , "" she complained ."
tr	3	I 'd never met a monarch before , but King Martin III was not exactly what I expected .
tr	0	My eyebrows rose fractionally .
tr	1	"In a little while that leg will be getting stiff . """
tr	0	Josie had tried changing tactics .
tr	4	' Surely , this isn 't the first time that immortal blood has been used in some kind of research or another .
tr	2	There were eight round tables with their chairs placed upside down on top .
tr	5	""" Commander , we have an internal hull breach , someone has sabotaged the ship , "" Red explains , his mechanical voice , troubled ."
tr	2	""" There could be no place like it in all the world ."
tr	2	It was entirely built of steel and wood frames covered with canvas .
tr	4	When my breathing got back under control , I dashed across the small yard until I reached Jolie 's house .
tr	5	As much as he could frustrate her , she had to admit Camden did do his best to look after them in his own weird way .
tr	0	It 's a daguerreotype . '
tr	5	""" Nice to see the sun shining in the city at this hour ; there is usually a fine mist , but not this morning ."
tr	5	They didn 't stay long when they realized that I couldn 't remember a thing and left with nothing new to add to the case .
tr	2	There was a pause and another puff of smoke wafted their way .
tr	4	I was hoping Allan would concede and let Jim take over Pisces for I couldn 't bring myself to abandon Homeward Bound .
tr	5	He felt the adrenaline pumping through him giving him courage to stand clearly in the open , holding a brick in front of his right eye .
tr	0	Adele shook her head .
tr	2	Alex tried to locate the source of the sound , but could not .
tr	2	The restrained memories twist against their chains , screaming terrible things beneath their gags .
tr	2	"Anna cringed , "" I don 't think I want to go now ! """
tr	5	Sydney and I didn 't feel the same excitement as the rest of the class , only sorrow at how sad the whole situation had become .
tr	1	I knew they would betray his next move .
tr	5	The waitress had just opened her mouth for what was likely going to be a sharp riposte , when a shadow suddenly loomed over us .
tr	5	Ryan then met with the three men in the hangar who had been there to deliver and load the cargo , and again envelopes were handed out .
tr	0	""" Yes but which block ? """
tr	2	I blinked at the drops that struck my face and slowly climbed to my feet .
tr	3	They made it to the front door and knocked just loud enough to be sure they 'd be heard .
tr	0	The four shook hands .
tr	1	""" We need to secure the network . """
tr	3	I knew that either of these fellows would die defending me , and I felt the same for them .
tr	1	"I mean , two bullets with the same entry wound ? """
tr	1	""" This is George Mudd out at Eaton Bishop ."
tr	4	Pierre looked around , not sure what to do with her , but he wanted to spend more time with her .
tr	3	Political machinations , bad investments , war , and other factors had led to their downfall .
tr	5	Mike couldn 't suppress a grin as he panned the camera around to show the small group that was rooted to a hangar elevator by magnetic soles .
tr	3	It pulled away from the cabin and turned down the path that led out of the woods .
tr	1	""" We cannot , you cannot expect us to ! """
tr	3	I am so glad my mum taught me to count to five before yelling at anyone .
tr	5	""" Your experience has tempered your body and you no longer have need for the cloak ; this is the reason for your golden appearance ."
tr	4	""" Welcome to the Ares , "" he said expansively as the two inner doors swung out of their way ."
tr	2	His mother didn 't press for a better answer and took another bite .
tr	1	"Last time we were there everything went sideways . """
tr	3	""" First of all , "" said Anderson , "" they didn 't force me into anything ."
tr	0	This man might like her .
tr	4	""" I should have guessed , "" snickered Rick , "" You know someone who does everything , don 't you ? """
tr	0	Kaylie asked no one in particular .
tr	0	""" Okay , but be careful ."
tr	2	It was Barney , and behind him , his ever-present lawyer , Dawkins .
tr	5	"I 'm going to walk down to the Lodge , give the dogs a bit of air too , why don 't you come with me . """
tr	2	But I refrain for thinking much farther , and I called Lars .
tr	5	Resting on a knee , she makes no attempt to speak out of turn , simply hoping he is not too preoccupied to acknowledge her .
tr	4	""" Though some of them are not so young as that -- you look about the age of our oldest . """
tr	2	""" Well , old friend , what do you think our chances are ? """
tr	4	She would just have to make a decision based on what she saw and hope it was the right one .
tr	3	Today I think back to the many days and weeks we walked through the grassy plains of Africa .
tr	2	* It was exactly a week since the attack on Clive Barracks .
tr	3	She closed her eyes , seeing her mother 's skeletal figure with pale blue skin stretched thinly over it .
tr	1	"Do you require a change at this time ? """
tr	4	I could do with another guy , George , as I can 't keep a continuous eye on Jennie on my own .
tr	4	I looked away from his probing gaze and stared blindly at the dark tower at the end of the avenue .
tr	1	"Make sure it 's what you really want . """
tr	1	There 's an unfriendly right outside the room . '
tr	2	You swing the pick into ice and pull on the handle to climb higher .
tr	1	"Just follow me for now , "" she said ."
tr	2	' What do you -- ' I started to say with a frown .
tr	5	He saw his torch as it landed on the bridge , bounced once , and rolled over the edge to disappear in the vast darkness below .
tr	5	""" Simon will probably be at dinner with them , which means you and I will have to be there too , "" he said ."
tr	4	The collective groan could be heard all around as the blast from a carved horn of a black ram cut through the night airs .
tr	0	' What 's that noise ?
tr	0	She found herself thinking .
tr	4	"It 'll take about two hours to drive there , ninety minutes if I fly ... "" Abby decided quickly ."
tr	5	""" Although , performance has always been considered the key feature when selecting a car for the job , the most important aspect is in fact reliability ."
tr	4	""" Sit , sit , "" the woman said , motioning to a chair belonging to an old metal dinette set ."
tr	0	Gavin insisted on being in the lead .
tr	0	You are my husband .
tr	1	I had to know if Malcolm was okay .
tr	1	""" ' One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ? "" '"
tr	4	"I am the Prince of Ravens , the Lord of the Seventh Principality , and I DEMAND YOUR RESPECT ! """
tr	5	About a quarter mile away , we saw a series of blue and red lights flashing ; probably due as a result of an accident .
tr	3	The library was a large room lined with windows on the wall that overlooked the lagoon .
tr	1	""" For a fortune , no doubt . """
tr	4	He looked possessed , and I had little doubt he would fulfill his gruesome promise to the letter if the chance arose .
tr	1	Campbell looked up from the tablet , surprised .
tr	1	""" That 's sad , "" Alex commented ."
tr	1	She took a moment to pose her question .
tr	3	I blinked away dreams about avenging angels , rolled over and stared at the clock on the bedside table .
tr	1	She in turn could not get enough of little Manuel .
tr	4	He emerged onto a back alley - the place where the servants of the High would most likely walk during the day .
tr	4	I hardly noticed and finished clipping the fresh chambers into place before raising the guns once more , my stride unbroken .
tr	0	"Want me to pick you up ? """
tr	3	""" If Dublin is the England 's capital , then Dublin is the capital of which state ? """
tr	1	The crew was on alert all the time .
tr	1	But Cobb himself seemed satisfied with the outcome .
tr	1	"How do you always know what I want ? """
tr	4	"One of them has taken complete control of your leader and plans to bring about Armageddon , "" He added ."
tr	4	There was literally nothing within view that appeared normal to them except the human and a cup on the table .
tr	2	""" Never underestimate your enemy or a woman , "" Falcon always said ."
tr	2	Abby , Jessica and Anna all stepped back after giving everyone a quick hug .
tr	5	She dug her oar in on demand , she held onto the rope and ducked , she raised her paddle into the air and cheered .
tr	2	The stone man , Mark , pointed a thumb over his shoulder , at Logan .
tr	5	In time he has learned fighting in secret has its advantages , but gradually it has become more and more of a burden on his daily life .
tr	0	Some spoke in hushed whispers .
tr	2	The evening came slowly , and Abby didn 't came to my door .
tr	1	She reached over and drew him to her .
tr	2	I loosen the fabric and rub the soft fleece between my fingers .
tr	4	He felt his limbs swell in size - not to their former glory , but something considerably better than a walking skeleton .
tr	3	""" I love all of you and still have room for Abby too , "" he winked at her ."
tr	5	Or maybe it was because he knew she was unusual that it affected him this way , or maybe it was the Link and his oath .
tr	5	I had dropped out of a case I had dreamed of taking over for a long time and asked for a month-long leave from our law firm .
tr	5	It had not occurred to any of them that the boys could have run into the church but the cathedral was full of peace and serenity .
tr	1	""" I see you chose to wear pants . """
tr	5	"I have got to warn you , the guide is a bit of a nut but , he 's a good friend of mine . """
tr	1	he yelled , they all stopped in their tracks .
tr	4	Rick took one look at her and decided not to tell her anything until morning because she looked so tired .
tr	0	"Or capes , "" Mark responded ."
tr	0	He punched Rob on the arm .
tr	2	First there was an old photo of a girl about thirteen or fourteen .
tr	0	faded with time ... ... .
tr	2	Jennings is sitting in Brixton Prison and Tony Wei is in a safe house .
tr	5	"I told him he had to either figure out how to talk to me , to let me inside , or I was leaving . """
tr	0	' What happened ? '
tr	4	All he had to do was slip one around Adele and pull her against him , offering her all the comfort he could give .
tr	4	No mortal mind could truly comprehend the sight of the ways and so what was observed was usually down to what they could perceive .
tr	3	If anything , it was safer now that she was not scowling at him from under lowered brows .
tr	4	"I 'm no traitor , and I 'm not about to let the king to die for your ineptitude . """
tr	3	"Come on , get dressed and we will go and check on Mana , "" Riki ordered ."
tr	4	The afternoon sun seems more like a full moon , the effect of the merging Twilight Realm causing midday to seem like midnight .
tr	4	"When that man broke the Triforce , I was finally released , and you have become likened to my essence . """
tr	1	"Or what if you pass out from blood loss ? """
tr	0	His glasses were askew .
tr	0	It means a lot .
tr	4	He found the kitchen empty , a sandwich waiting for him on the table and a note in Lilly Ann 's childlike handwriting .
tr	2	""" I think you need to come in , Colonel , "" Campbell finally suggested ."
tr	1	A grunt of pain left the latter 's lips .
tr	1	We took the lift to the tenth floor .
tr	3	Another couple and their bored looking teenage son were doing some window shopping outside one of the galleries .
tr	2	"Chapter 2 -- Back tracking "" What in heaven 's name is that ? """
tr	3	He watched as the snows reached out for them , coming down to snare them in its white blanket .
tr	0	""" What section is that ? """
tr	4	He felt the sun baking his neck again , like it had that day , while the breeze whistled through the tall white grass .
tr	1	Sarah had hoped there would be another market going on .
tr	3	For the first time since she had come on board , she came up on the deck .
tr	0	My eyes fluttered wider .
tr	1	After filling the bowl , he smoked in silence .
tr	4	As soon as you 're all here you 'll move into Terry 's cottage and use that as a Command Center .
tr	4	""" Mr. Bender , considering how much time you will be spending in this office , I think we can dispense with the formalities ."
tr	1	asked George making conversation as they walked to the first tee .
tr	0	Be ready to use them .
tr	2	""" My God , what is -- "" Sarah covered her mouth with her hands ."
tr	0	""" Where 's Barney ? """
tr	0	Josie looked close at the bill .
tr	2	""" Yes , this is Rick , glad to meet you , Walt . """
tr	0	"You don 't believe in magic ? """
tr	4	' You could have finished him off , ' said Reid as we raced down the steps of the police headquarters .
tr	1	Sgt. Brown announced , holding out the tablet .
tr	2	""" Rich as hell and bored of buying all the crap they could ever want ."
tr	5	If necessary we can hold her for possession not that I like the idea of doing that to my own sister but she brought it upon herself .
tr	1	She wondered briefly if she had dreamt about her father again .
tr	3	In his eyes , at that moment , she was the most beautiful and wonderful woman in the world .
tr	0	""" I 'm afraid for my life ."
tr	4	Ratty clothes dripped off her frame like fallen tears , and her face was a valley of cracks and fissures .
tr	4	By the time she was seventeen Sidney could drive any vehicle they had , from the largest logging truck to the bulldozer .
tr	0	The day was warm .
tr	2	""" We 're going the wrong way now , aren 't we ?"
tr	2	"She directed , "" We keep going down ; the other path dead-ends ."
tr	5	He quickly made his way back along the forward lines in a more than jovial mood , stopping briefly here and there among groups of tired soldiers .
tr	0	""" She needs volume NOW ."
tr	0	""" Where is she ? """
tr	2	Reid muttered behind me as we crossed the floor to a small corner table .
tr	2	Rick finished his changes , saved them , and wandered up to the kitchen .
tr	5	The ground no longer crunched as they stepped into the crisp snow ; the surface on which they now stood was hard , wet , and slippery .
tr	1	For a moment , she felt like she might hyperventilate .
tr	1	""" Just strapping on my belt , "" I said ."
tr	3	"It is a wise commander who moves carefully in lands he has not traveled before . """
tr	5	He 'd felt a moment of almost supernatural dread at knowing that he was standing in a massively heavy structure , floating within the atmosphere of Earth .
tr	3	Jen , I think you should head over to the Masons perhaps take someone with you .
tr	3	His dark eyes followed hers up to the bright heavens , wondering why she was still diverting him .
tr	0	""" I believe you . """
tr	5	Captain Jamison ha ' provided four additional men and if ye can see fit to provide another four , we shall have full strength for the raid .
tr	1	Staring straight at Sykes , Chris went ahead anyway .
tr	2	""" Bartleby thought he had the perfect opening , "" Neil explained ."
tr	4	He was attired as they were , in full dress uniform , as was the custom for dinner at Castle Destro .
tr	1	She gathered all the clothes now strewn about the cavern .
tr	1	Thane always had a way of getting what he wanted .
tr	1	""" Do you want to say something ? """
tr	3	Or if there is some fail-safe preventing you from scooping her up and running away to safety ?
tr	0	What should I do ?
tr	1	He rose up and took the torch from the closest wall .
tr	1	Please let us get where we 're going safely .
tr	2	""" You must have heard my son Edgar talking , "" she finally nodded ."
tr	0	I whispered , then scolded myself .
tr	2	Though I must say , what passes for ale these days be sorely lacking .
tr	0	Where are your parents and servants ?
tr	3	Adele smiled softly bringing Eda 's hand to her cheek and resting her face against it .
tr	0	How would he face her ?
tr	3	I always heard of your deaths at the hands of the Hunters , ' Godard replied with a grimace .
tr	5	""" You give up too easily , "" a deep voice came from the other end and it wasn 't a voice that I recognised ."
tr	3	Folks were beginning to stir ; someone looked out for a brief moment and then withdrew .
tr	3	In a protected grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area with lush green grass .
tr	0	Finan 's brow wrinkled in concentration .
tr	5	Landon crossed to the pool in two long strides , tossed the buckets in and yanked them out again hard enough to make his shoulders ache .
tr	4	His warmth spread through me like wildfire , igniting , growing , burning away the rest of the fear and tension .
tr	3	""" As I mentioned , I 've only been there once and only for a week ."
tr	3	"I have a hard time believing it formed in a spiral without some help , "" Abby asked further ."
tr	4	""" The reason we targeted the bus you were on is because it was chartered by a guy named Franco Salazar ."
tr	3	I chose erratically , flinging myself down whichever direction seemed best , hoping to lose them in the labyrinth .
tr	0	sores ... leaches galore ... ... . .
tr	2	""" Don 't worry , we 're jake , "" Mark said calmly ."
tr	4	"I get the feeling the enemy hasn 't fought many major wars lately , just counter-insurgency against some of their own worlds . """
tr	1	At least this is what I have to believe .
tr	2	The way he asked the question made Chris believe Billy already knew the answer .
tr	3	"Suddenly he stopped and sniffed again , and then hollered : "" I smell a man on her !"
tr	3	""" Um , "" Simon said , "" would you mind very much if we showed Miriam something ?"
tr	1	I grabbed the cell and glanced at the display .
tr	5	The hallway was particularly narrow and dark , allowing enough space for a body and one raised elbow , without space to swing a cat .
tr	0	Not having a father .
tr	1	""" This back bedroom is not safe , "" she said ."
tr	3	The last time she had seen that particular couple , they had not been quite so close .
tr	1	"He let out some low growls then asked , "" Well ?"
tr	0	' Can we help ? '
tr	4	""" I am Captain le Roux and I am here to arrest you , Falcon , you and your men . """
tr	2	""" They wouldn 't talk to him for months , "" Simon went on ."
tr	5	Zelda 's words breathe down upon the horizons of his mind , but even so Link must wonder what good could possibly come of sparing him .
tr	3	Everything I 'd worked for I had to turn away from -- vindication , justification , all of it .
tr	3	""" Toby , "" said Jacob , "" what 's going on with 006 right now ? """
tr	1	Faro did not care for her or for his four-year-old daughter .
tr	2	He uses his newly freed voice to announce that he is hungry .
tr	5	It took some digging and a little prying but eventually she proved to be victorious in securing its release from the pile that had pinned it .
tr	3	So , the first order of business was to meet with Logan 's father 's contacts in the city .
tr	3	""" Gon na hold you to that , "" he said , before turning and heading for the ladder ."
tr	5	They talked about Davin 's plans for the day and he asked her why she had been absent from the breakfast table for the past few days .
tr	2	"I have never done anything like this before and I had no medicines . """
tr	4	We were standing in an old-fashioned farmhouse bedroom , peering out from a crack in the nearly closed closet door .
tr	0	This is all thanks to Cisco .
tr	1	Was he the tough guy he pretended to be ?
tr	1	Captains barked out commands to their scurrying crews .
tr	5	The human group just watched quietly as these harmless , small critters analyzed whether or not they should go greet the old sailor or not .
tr	4	If you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
tr	3	She 's killed at least five that I know of , no need to risk anyone else .
tr	4	""" I 've been trying to get them on all morning , but none of the computers are working . """
tr	0	How many of them were up ?
tr	3	When he steps outside , I scramble back up onto the roof and stretch out onto my stomach .
tr	3	5 March 16 , 1624 The past month Cisco was met with many challenges from the villagers .
tr	1	Thank you for reading A Spy Like Me .
tr	3	""" I do remember how that felt , "" he did the best he could with a smile ."
tr	4	I took out a little mirror from my purse and start to clean myself with a towel , filling it with blood .
tr	5	Three people are dead , two killed by a poison that originates in Borneo although it could be reproduced anywhere if you had the correct ingredients .
tr	5	VIN realized that these workers must represent fewer than half the people on base , and many must be having lunch in their sterile areas .
tr	5	She didn 't really know what she was doing but it made her feel like she was preparing in some way for the fight ahead .
tr	0	""" What 's an internet ? """
tr	4	"I 'm onto something big this time , "" he assures , his ghostly white eyes growing wide with the prospect ."
tr	4	The jungle looked on , came back to life and began its work of recovering what had always been its own .
tr	5	* * * * * Adam and Abbey sat at the foot of a hill in Hillview Cemetery a few feet from Jim 's mausoleum .
tr	3	""" The people they stole that food from are long gone , "" he told her ."
tr	4	Malcolm crawled in behind me , and seconds before Dad walked in , I yanked his comforter farther off the bed to hide us .
tr	0	""" Your horse is in the barn ."
tr	3	"Clean out as much of that fecal matter as possible , "" Dr. Warner cautioned as Dr. Stadler worked ."
tr	3	Mr. Clancy could add little to the verse ; he was just happy to sit back and drink it .
tr	1	~ Sunlight poured through the open boathouse door .
tr	3	Malcolm babbled on about espionage in a newbie sort-of excited way , something about night vision goggles .
tr	2	This symposium is an attempt to find ways to straighten out this mess .
tr	2	' That was quite a stunt you guys pulled back there , ' said Lacroix .
tr	3	"My father would have cared nought no matter how high the price ; you killed his favourite son . """
tr	5	We decide to go up to the house and deliver the news , and let her know we will be returning to Darwin the next morning .
tr	4	Though most of the children instantly look ashamed , a couple grow wide grins , considering the accusation a complement .
tr	5	"Riley 's other books - Mystical Quest Katherine Lynette Copyright 2010 by Katherine Lynette Smashwords Edition - Chapter I : Cold Streets "" Get that girl ! """
tr	0	Tommy got up and nodded .
tr	2	""" These are some of the weapons stolen from Clive Barracks recently ."
tr	2	Grandma and Grandpa Gustafson allowed them to bring their pet dog , Noodle , along .
tr	0	""" You ready ? """
tr	1	My fingers stilled on the last page on the journal .
tr	4	""" I doubt it will be that simple , but it is to our advantage to know the enemy 's weapons . """
tr	4	"We 've no idea what the meet was about , just keep giving them rope , they 'll hang themselves eventually . """
tr	5	I still clung to the hope that we would be reunited ; the question I needed to ask next could have potentially destroyed that hope .
tr	2	Herb was regular Navy and wore the uniform , which was a definite asset .
tr	5	His quirky texts had kept her smiling through the last few weeks , and she hoped that would continue even when he was her boss .
tr	3	""" And there is a flight of crude steps up the cliff , you say ? """
tr	1	His left leg was broken in at least two places .
tr	0	he finally said coolly .
tr	4	The absurd amount of sand lands harshly in their wake , and the Goddess vanishes while Rift falls into the mammoth , dark room .
tr	2	""" I have apologised for the whole and begged Lady Adele 's pardon ."
tr	1	He didn 't think that she liked them very much .
tr	4	It consisted of four red-brick , garden style buildings arranged around a large central courtyard lined with sycamore trees and rhododendrons .
tr	5	My sisters wouldn 't listen to me , and afterward , they trapped me in the Triforce in order to keep me from mending their mistakes .
tr	3	Her hair long and curling , and was caught back from her face to hang down her back .
tr	4	It wouldn 't do to escape once and be captured , which I feared should we leave in our present state .
tr	2	His papers were false and wouldn 't stand the type of scrutiny that deportation demanded .
tr	2	""" I don 't know if that 's a good idea , "" he said ."
tr	1	There was no smirk on his face this time .
tr	5	Once the knights show up to pick up the mail and see the damage , they 'll probably want to stop to investigate the area .
tr	4	Maybe there was a personal element to the story that he had not included , and which made his bitterness a little more understandable .
tr	3	Maybe someone killed him , wrapped him up in the quilt and threw him in the river ?
tr	1	Scott 's checked the truck 's license plate .
tr	1	But Seth couldn 't say no to either of them .
tr	1	But you best be finished by at least Friday .
tr	1	The business transaction had been profitable to both parties .
tr	0	He was so close to her .
tr	4	""" Yes , one of the ladies , I assume she was the cook , was kind enough to provide me with them . """
tr	0	"Are you heading back into town ? """
tr	1	"But that 's why they need help ! """
tr	0	She would 've been impossible to rehabilitate .
tr	1	If anything , it became even more unreadable .
tr	2	First he opened his mouth , big mistake , and then he started speaking .
tr	5	"Now I assure you that while all is lost , we might still be persuaded to accept -- "" "" Are you acquainted with H.L. ? """
tr	2	He turned briskly and disappeared into an alley at the side of the building .
tr	2	Jim never addressed me as George so I knew he was distracted .
tr	4	""" GW I don 't want to sound like a wuss but I really think it 's time we went home . """
tr	2	""" Do -- not -- mention -- that -- name -- ever -- again ! """
tr	2	Gabe pulls the cap out of his bag and brushes it off .
tr	0	""" I can 't do it alone ."
tr	0	""" You 're an alien ! """
tr	5	It was all too little too late , his horse had caught the scent of mine and there was something beastly about the entire situation .
tr	4	Alex complained that she had to drain the tub because Anna had forgotten , and hopped in the bubbling , fragrant waters .
tr	1	"How to say "" prepare yourself for the worse ? """
tr	2	""" That 's none of our business , Mrs. Williams , "" Furnace replied ."
tr	3	""" Thank you , "" Alfred said to himself , watching 007 move down the hall ."
tr	0	""" Can we go now ?"
tr	1	Great money apparently and she gets to travel a lot .
tr	3	Rafe ducked his head and passed through into the courtyard to find himself confronted by an elderly woman .
tr	3	"I was getting a bit panicky , "" said George , "" just be careful with it ... . ."
tr	3	He felt certain now that a conflict was coming , and he wanted to be ready when it did .
tr	2	Surely she didn 't think he meant she should go by herself ?
tr	4	Pierre and Enrico were not very far behind , hands on their swords as they watched every move , every thick bush .
tr	2	Alejo 's voice was flat and a sheen of sweat painted his forehead .
tr	2	Turning , I made my way back down the street towards our rooms .
tr	3	"He already has a job , which is why he is most qualified to lead us . """
tr	4	But here , in the woods , with just a stew and a giant for company , such things seemed remarkably unimportant .
tr	5	With his mind racing and the light still on , he stretched over to the travel guide for a quick read to help him sleep .
tr	0	Yet he never had tried .
tr	4	He swooped low and as he passed they looked up , some even pointing as he carried himself away on the winds .
tr	0	Alejo stood up suddenly .
tr	2	But many showed the growing up of a girl with blonde curls .
tr	0	Lacroix yelled behind us .
tr	1	""" Yes , I hear you , my friend . """
tr	4	The first drops that strike her face are refreshingly cool , but the steadily increasing storm quickly becomes uncomfortably cold .
tr	3	It won 't be in blue wax , but he 'll know it 's from me .
tr	3	His eyes are turning gray as if I couldn 't tell from his sparking energy how pissed he is .
tr	0	""" You saved her life . """
tr	2	His mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
tr	0	""" I told you ."
tr	0	""" Great , "" she said ."
tr	4	He wished they could find their way out of the maze into which they had wandered and emerge into a street .
tr	0	The table is all scratched and nicked .
tr	1	There were a lot of kids , mostly older than me .
tr	4	""" You would mock me as your people mocked the Gods , "" the ninja points out , growing almost cavalier ."
tr	2	He loaded another magazine into the Glock and leaned out of the window .
tr	3	He was loyal to the king , and Martin even came to him for advice sometimes .
tr	4	But if it was information on Mom they wanted or her secrets , I wouldn 't be able to tell them .
tr	1	Adele , ' tis the middle of the night !
tr	5	' I 'm going on a tour of the bases let me know which parts of the network the units are in after we meet .
tr	4	The room was suddenly silent and Rand , seeing the exchanged looks of the others , began to experience the uncomfortable sensation of ignorance .
tr	2	Chapter IV The setting sun dropped once more towards the horizon , surrendering her heat .
tr	3	Josie stood by the open front door of the truck and pulled the gas mask off her head .
tr	5	""" However , as for the first option , it goes against my orders , and I will not disobey my orders , sir . """
tr	3	A slimy smudge of perspiration marred the young guard 's right eyebrow as he avoided the prisoner 's eyes .
tr	5	The noise of the crowd in the grandstand , the pounding of the hooves and Preston 's deaf old ears would never have picked up my cries .
tr	2	Somehow , in the middle of all this mess , he had saved her life .
tr	0	Their own difficulties were long behind them .
tr	5	With an effortless grace , she whips the spike in his direction , aiming for his back in a simple attempt to get his attention .
tr	4	""" Release me , "" the Prince commanded the Exiles , "" and I will allow you to leave the Empire unmolested . """
tr	2	""" And if I do well , will you show me ? """
tr	0	""" Finan is hurt . """
tr	1	There was movement behind me while the others exited the room .
tr	2	' Pierre called , ' said Jim when he opened the aircraft door .
tr	0	""" Where are we going ? """
tr	2	Now unsupported by earth , long stretches of asphalt dangled above the sea .
tr	3	The cold jewel encrusted familiarity gave him some reassurance as he looked into the face of evil .
tr	3	""" There is something you need to know Roberto , about your parents , "" Captain le Roux said ."
tr	4	I nudged Jules and couldn 't help but glance at the trail through the woods that led to our getaway .
tr	3	He noticed where she had pulled up a handful of blades and wondered why she had done that .
tr	1	An airlift to Chile or Argentina would take too long .
tr	3	Come on , we can catch another glimpse of the palace around this next bend , I think .
tr	1	Any visitors are liable to come from the river .
tr	0	""" Rick , "" he replied ."
tr	4	This book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form .
tr	3	""" Amor , "" Pablo began , in a deep , only slightly unsteady voice directed at his wife ."
tr	5	""" Henrik , earl of White Wolf Keep , will come with an army and take her by force , "" the watch captain explained ."
tr	3	With his hands saturated in blood , he reached for a long strip of cloth a few inches wide .
tr	2	She was always thrilled to talk with a foreigner in her native Quechua .
tr	1	I couldn 't read it if I tried .
tr	0	"Ours isn 't big enough . """
tr	1	The animal seemed totally content with what was going on .
tr	4	""" Just because you both sit and read and talk about those history books and stuff together all the time ."
tr	5	She felt brave and wanted to show it so she reached down and even went so far as to slip on her red shoes to match .
tr	4	Conditions there were abject poverty , as the Palestinians had been forced off their land by the Israelis and left with nowhere to go .
tr	2	The glass had all been cleaned up , and the inside swept clean .
tr	0	' Anatole , ' Bruno murmured tersely .
tr	2	""" Six iron 'll probably do it , "" he thought reaching into his bag ."
tr	5	"In Ted 's world , "" living "" came in various shades of gray , but the difference between life and death was still black and white ."
tr	0	The bodice was hand-stitched with fine needlework .
tr	4	There is no ignoring that many reports -- something is out there , whether or not it is after me yet .
tr	2	Chris didn 't know how to respond to that , so he just nodded .
tr	3	"If I 'm safe , I 'll tug on the rope four times , OK ? """
tr	3	Rick realized he was very easily spotted , being much taller than most of the Romans .
tr	1	"A sign above the lintel read "" UL 2 "" ."
tr	2	There was trouble with other land owners and they had held meetings the week before .
tr	2	""" I thought you were going with him to check on the sheep . """
tr	1	Donovan had come not forty minutes after John was found .
tr	2	He would even have preferred writing out some plans in that ridiculous little notebook .
tr	4	"You don 't necessarily have to quit your job but you would make me very happy if you were to accept . """
tr	2	"I 'm going to open a window to let in some fresh air . """
tr	5	In the middle of the harbor a huge pile of what appeared to Frank to be large building stones rose fifty feet above the water .
tr	2	"Guy goes off to pee in the woods , doesn 't come back out . """
tr	4	In a way he 'd been a better actor than Fuchs , and the cut of treachery was sure to be deep .
tr	0	""" That 's a little girl ! """
tr	0	Did he do it to himself ?
tr	5	""" Mrs. Jones , I am going to do is test the water today , just to get an idea of what sort of impurities are present ."
tr	5	"Nathan had thought the same thing , "" I don 't think he would do that , he sounded pretty frantic which is rare for him . """
tr	0	No sitting on the fence .
tr	0	Jessica challenged , holding the red teardrop .
tr	2	""" I bet , that was the moment when it happened , "" Taylor guessed ."
tr	5	I 'd been playing the game wrong , boldly stepping into this chaotic mess like I had a right , like I was immune to getting hurt .
tr	1	He took Taylor 's hand and shook it vigorously .
tr	5	""" We 'll never get away with it with all these cameras around , "" he thought to himself as he and Tim walked down the hall ."
tr	3	For the first time Lady Adele felt slighted , that he should accord his horse more civility than her .
tr	4	But Brand was already running away , the woolen cloak fluttering the idol 's high pitched screams echoing through the winter air .
tr	0	Alejo clenched his teeth , hard .
tr	2	Immediately , she slumped to the ground , then rolled over on top of Trae .
tr	3	"I kept taking the left fork trying to get back home somehow , but stuff keeps happening . """
tr	4	He had managed somehow , once the sun had fully risen , to get out of bed and change his damp bedclothes .
tr	5	He was thankful that , in the main , they had been able to keep together through their careers though now retired and in civilian life .
tr	1	David replied , still in a deep state of shock .
tr	4	His only other tangible role was as a liaison to the NASA center , farther down the slopes of the mountain .
tr	1	""" That was hilarious , "" Ricky said ."
tr	4	"And even more importantly , "" his eyes started to mirror the excitement in Kaylie 's , "" where did we really come from ?"
tr	1	""" What is my purpose in coming into the camp ?"
tr	4	Autumn rain plummeted from an angry sky , washing the narrow , walled corridor I lay in with shades of grey .
tr	3	The immortals were more than desperate : the mounting body count was proof enough of this .
tr	4	He stands up , walks over to the mantel , lifts the lid of an ornate box and pulls out a cell phone .
tr	3	I hope , as you read these stories , that you experience a bit of that magic as well .
tr	2	Not for nothing , his parents move a lot , just for others safety .
tr	2	If she did not know better , she would have thought that they were alone .
tr	2	"He hissed , "" No , of course we won 't look for shells ."
tr	4	"I said , "" I appreciate your offer , but I won 't leave this young lady to fend for herself ."
tr	0	My voice sounds whiny even to me .
tr	4	But the light was there ... Once he proved himself to Mother , she would let him leave the city .
tr	0	Pete and Cletus were astonished .
tr	4	He moved well despite his affliction , but he was in a hurry -- he 'd soon tire at this pace .
tr	1	The inside of the warehouse was unusually warm .
tr	4	He took art classes from a New York artist , music from a symphony violinist , and history from a retired professor .
tr	2	Rafe fought within himself to find a suitable answer for this question .
tr	1	He returned his gaze , hate smouldering in the depths .
tr	4	I squatted on the pavement outside the tavern and stared at the narrow , dark aperture below the ancient building .
tr	1	"What do we do with it now ? """
tr	5	Matthew did a double take as he watched Bax pause to pick something up off the deck and stuff it into a shirt pocket before taking cover .
tr	1	Gavin had led her horse into the store too .
tr	1	She scanned the vacant courtyard between the barn and the house .
tr	3	""" Well , I 've got something for him he won 't expect ... I guarantee it ."
tr	2	An infrared , night vision satellite image appeared on a projection screen .
tr	2	""" We 're working the areas now , Dr. Warner , "" Dr. Stadler replied ."
tr	1	""" I care , that 's all . """
tr	3	There was a thoughtful look in his eyes , a cloudiness that he seemed to be trying to resolve .
tr	5	At the very top of this one particular rock wall , I see a lone tree that appears to be growing right out of the rock .
tr	0	She looked again at the small windows .
tr	5	She threw a scornful glance at the television , where Peter Pan and the Lost Boys were pretending to be Red Indians while Wendy stood grumpily by .
tr	1	And if I didn 't answer what would he do ?
tr	2	It had snowed again , lying on the ground muffling any sounds he might make .
tr	1	He picked up the clothes and opened the door .
tr	1	I grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the trees .
tr	3	A moment later , David heard the sound of a bell as the elevator settled into its floor .
tr	2	It 's for miracles , for loved ones raised from the dead .
tr	3	None of us is able alone to handle the magnificent plans God has for our lives .
tr	4	""" I 'll train you the way Guardians have always been trained , the way Creators have been taught since everything began ."
tr	0	Mark looked from Carlos to Josie .
tr	5	"Lucas intends to enroll at his school as one of his pupils once we have completed our work here , in order to advance his abilities . """
tr	1	Crowds were gathered at the shops closest to the beach .
tr	3	""" We cannot rest here long , t ' would be best if you had a drink . """
tr	3	They 're extinct now in Tasmania , but there 's almost a million left in Australia .
tr	5	She could see all that was going through my head , but her noise barrier was up strong as ever and I could read nothing .
tr	2	"Now don 't you go getting your grandmother into trouble by spilling the beans . """
tr	5	We had just reached the junction to the next hallway when the roof caved in behind us , crushing the lab in a mound of debris .
tr	1	""" Yes , "" she replied , "" more than that ."
tr	0	Tomas Godard went rigid .
tr	2	And if you find out what it is , will you leave ?
tr	1	We 're not unbelievers who don 't follow his laws .
tr	0	""" Oh my God ! """
tr	3	It is all absurd , a strange dream where the colors on the walls are strangling each other .
tr	0	Noah was touching her ?
tr	0	He 's her protector .
tr	2	The big man doubled over then two seconds later he rammed into Malcolm .
tr	3	"They are also working to solidify the existing court system to give it more permanent authority . """
tr	0	Curious she opened the envelope .
tr	3	That really got everybody 's attention and he and Spade had to endure friendly stabs from all directions .
tr	5	Wearing blue camouflage pants and a white wife beater , her hair dyed jet black , she didn 't even look like the woman he remembered .
tr	5	"I know you 're confused about what 's been happening , "" she sighs , obviously not looking forward to what she is about to say ."
tr	0	He would not allow it .
tr	3	He put her through ninety minutes of grueling work on the uneven bars , vault , and floor .
tr	3	"Taylor had that feeling again that he was missing vital information , "" I don 't understand . """
tr	1	"Alejo doesn 't know how to do that stuff . """
tr	3	Sampson considered the dam , and its electricity , everyone 's right and not just that of the JP .
tr	3	You saw that I didn 't ran from the table when you told me about your condition .
tr	0	"Roberto and I were both undercover . """
tr	3	""" Get in here , "" he said , pulling her by one arm and closing the door ."
tr	2	"But they end up in the Tribal Area , or God knows where else . """
tr	5	""" I 've had some suspicions for a while , and what happened last night made me more certain that I must act , and soon ."
tr	3	I do know what I 'm talking about , but I would give anything not to know .
tr	2	It was Gavin who had thought to find an unbroken mug from the store shelves .
tr	0	It gave way immediately .
tr	4	Isaac leapt to his feet and lunged through the snows as he fought his way to the far side of the snow slope .
tr	2	Chris turned his back and was almost out the door when the man shouted .
tr	5	""" We all strive to be more than we are , "" he agreed , "" but it 's equally important to know your limitations . """
tr	0	There 's no time for rest .
tr	5	""" Turn on his transponder so we can track him , and make sure he has a mesh net connection as he exits the building ."
tr	5	They all began to see the rarely viewed under side of the massive ferry and the craters that had been punctured into it from impact .
tr	3	Well , my parents listened to me , and then they looked at each other with this look .
tr	5	It tightened its neck muscles and set its feet , giving Noah the fulcrum he needed to jerk his own tail clear of the Lizard behind him .
tr	4	She leaned back into the chair , raised an eyebrow at him and fingered the little gold star on the side of her nose .
tr	3	""" Your colleague will arrive in 5 minutes and I don 't know where the sea port is . """
tr	4	Once inside , he nodded to the Swiss soldier who guarded the airlock and floated over to the fire control team .
tr	0	Take him to the hospital .
tr	5	""" I 'm not putting up with this bullshit ... I 'm leaving , you lied to me , Jen , my own sister . """
tr	2	He bent down to study the ground smoothing a patch with his palm .
tr	0	The man actually blushed .
tr	2	On its north side was a shed that had been transformed into a makeshift carport .
tr	1	He wasn 't sure he wanted the answer .
tr	1	I keep thinking that just maybe Ryan isn 't dead .
tr	2	Rand looked down at Finan ; his eyes were closed and his breathing shallow .
tr	3	""" By the paving , I 'd say that 's a good guess ; it 's the right road ."
tr	3	* * * By the time the stranger prepares the second shot , my body is on fire .
tr	5	""" I know they have you chasing pirates through the Ort Cloud , but you better hang close to the closest static jump portal . """
tr	3	""" Do we still have that canine medical kit the vet gave us for Shep ? """
tr	5	After fifteen minutes of stirring up more feathers and dust than a down pillow factory explosion Sarah grabbed the chicken and stuffed her in a pillowcase .
tr	0	I 'm not exactly sure yet .
tr	1	It annoyed Finn that Brendan never acted worried about him .
tr	4	Neil turned his head and saw , cut into the cliff , a long descent hewed right into the rocks .
tr	3	As she flipped back through what she had written , she found she had filled more than five pages .
tr	0	I glanced at him .
tr	3	He said , scaring me much more then before , and I dried fast my tears .
tr	1	Then he began to shrink , transforming into his giant form .
tr	0	She knew nothing outside of the fort .
tr	0	"Don 't look back . """
tr	5	A guy approached cautiously , the manager , and glanced back and forth between the two of us , but didn 't move any closer .
tr	0	""" Gents ... . ."
tr	4	With the powder wet and useless , he still aimed his weapon , hoping he would not be called on to bluff .
tr	2	""" I mean for them to just ... show up like this . """
tr	3	He studied his knife , staring at the honed edge , touching it from time to time .
tr	1	""" And I think I need to go ."
tr	5	So much pain and misery had been caused by social experiments like Communism that sounded good on paper but didn 't stand up against human nature .
tr	0	He hadn 't been able to sleep .
tr	0	""" About me ? """
tr	1	You 're as skilled as he is . '
tr	0	Should we laugh or cry ?
tr	3	On his rubber soles he silently approached the door to the kitchen at the back of the church .
tr	1	""" I 'm the cute one , "" Gabe says awkwardly ."
tr	5	"My guys can cover the approach from the west and the top of the park , can you cover the east side approach over the locks ? """
tr	4	""" I did not mean that ; I meant that I was sorry for how I behaved to you . """
tr	0	His stormy gaze dropped to her again .
tr	1	I always secretly resented Karen for not being my real mother .
tr	2	Despite his freakish strength and bulging muscles , the stranger 's grip was gentle .
tr	2	"A boy in the middle asked , "" Where do we find the answers ?"
tr	2	She held it open for me to toss in the paper and pencil .
tr	2	""" But are you sure you 're ok to leave the hospital ? """
tr	5	Matthew Graham sat bolt upright in the middle of his bed , sweating profusely ; and not just due to the humid , summer air .
tr	2	""" And why is it that I may not be that man ? """
tr	1	I should never have trusted Manuel to do this .
tr	4	For once , I was grateful for the downpour : I did not want any evidence left of my recent demise .
tr	1	She sighed and moved forward , leading her horse .
tr	0	"Did she ... ? """
tr	3	She emitted a soft gurgling cry and the coyote moved past them and took the point again .
tr	0	Not even the worst ones .
tr	5	When she reached the end of the main street she could see about twenty tents and tables set up , all of them crowded with people .
tr	3	"He didn 't respond for a few seconds , then "" What condition is that coin in ? """
tr	0	I don 't know .
tr	2	There was only his Afghan identity card , thanks to the Khans .
tr	1	The older man paused and looked at us quizzically .
tr	5	He was the only one wearing a jet pack , and he would need to help Jonesy along the tight cord to the shuttle 's open hatch .
tr	0	I put my hand on my bag .
tr	0	""" No , "" he said ."
tr	0	"Is everything okay ? """
tr	5	""" You can put the stuff you won 't need back into your big pack and use this one for our adventure , "" Ted said ."
tr	3	"You are a good kid same as him , just that he has a little problem . """
tr	5	Gazing upward , the boy finds indecipherable shapes and figures high above on the cavern 's ceiling , but the lack of light fails to define them .
tr	0	She loves her daddy so much .
tr	0	""" Tell me what ? """
tr	3	But Harald had taken an interest in him , and made him an honorary member of the court .
tr	5	"He could scarcely believe it when Bax kept asking questions : "" What manner of work do you have in mind , Miss McKenna ? """
tr	5	""" It is twice the size of Warrior and is almost fully functional , all she needs is her cerebral cortex and a personality profile ."
tr	5	Even if he could summon the courage to return to Hyrule Field in the dark , he couldn 't find his way if he tried .
tr	2	""" And what young boy do you know of this not to be true ? """
tr	1	Who else was interested in Marie and Aimee ?
tr	3	From now on he decided that those two thoughts were the only rules that would govern their relationship .
tr	5	Her emotionless visage would seem as though the words failed to affect her , but a single tear rolls down her cheek despite the fact .
tr	2	"Come along and give us an update , I 'll send for some coffee . """
tr	1	Josie was crying , tears of joy rolling down her cheeks .
tr	5	He was possibly an inch taller than Rick and twenty pounds heavier -- mostly beer gut -- with a scarred , square chin and a flat nose .
tr	0	Even its weight had changed .
tr	3	And Islam gives us a common cause as brothers : fight against injustice and Western Imperialism .
tr	1	Surely , none of this was an accident .
tr	1	I tried not to inhale the heady smell .
tr	5	The social worker said she was extremely anxious to get me out of the pub so they put me in the unit the next day .
tr	4	If this is William 's lab , maybe I can find him ... I have the mesh network connections guide .
tr	1	""" I 'm going to help Boris ready the plane . """
tr	3	""" Anyone who ever dreamed of being stronger , faster , smarter would demand to be changed ."
tr	3	She admired the way his men respected him , obeying his instructions to the smallest detail .
tr	5	Chapter 11 -- Cease Fire The reality of the situation hit President Reggie Philips as he walked towards an outdoor tent with the sides rolled up .
tr	4	""" Well , I suppose killing someone for honor and all that is pretty fundamental to a man 's skills . """
tr	1	' We have the data you sent , ' she said .
tr	2	Marshall crossed the dark street with no difficulty , then entered the diner .
tr	0	The Road of Death .
tr	4	During the journey he began to learn small details about them , things that prior to captivity he never would have cared about .
tr	2	""" You cannot be such a dog as to do this thing !"
tr	4	I could hear his breath , somehow accelerated , the sea , which was breaking the waves to the beach .
tr	0	Eda looked pointedly at Rafe .
tr	3	It felt like a fist punching through his chest , listening to her sob herself to sleep .
tr	5	With its several ramps and sets of steps with steel railings , the loading docks became a sort of private skate park for the local slackers .
tr	0	The boy 's energy spikes up again .
tr	2	Princess , was a white female and lived up to her name perfectly .
tr	1	Roughly , this is how it translates into practice .
tr	4	Butch turned and saw a tall athletically built man of about twenty-five purposefully making his way towards him at a light jog .
tr	3	Finding a path in the under growth where briars tugged at their clothing with every step was difficult .
tr	0	"Contact DHS for more information . """
tr	5	When he reached the last row of shelves , he turned right and walked along the wall until he reached the door leading out to the yard .
tr	3	I hope it encourages others to make their own determinations about everything ... or at least try to .
tr	3	"Lord Brogan and Rafe talked it through and decided that it was the best way . """
tr	1	"Cover image : "" Who Shall Be Captain ? """
tr	1	""" Well , maybe it wasn 't that long ."
tr	1	"The winds look good , "" Pierre reported after a while ."
tr	2	"I am an expert on the document in question , after all . """
tr	3	Mana seemed to have gone all silent , so she was left to her own devices .
tr	5	The only advantage they had left was the knowledge the Vault might still hold a clutch of guardian dragons and they alone had the key .
tr	2	""" It is because of what I am , isn 't it ? """
tr	0	John asked , frowning .
tr	2	She stopped short in her ravings and stiffened , straining her ears with painful intensity .
tr	5	He felt strange and couldn 't quite put his finger on it until he saw one of his men climbing up onto a higher catwalk .
tr	2	I opened it and in front of me was standing a very beautiful girl .
tr	2	Robbie McElroy used to be around a lot but he 's in Brunei now .
tr	3	The world had changed greatly in the thousands and thousands of years he had been trapped below the surface .
tr	0	""" Very beautiful . """
tr	2	As he watched , she took the baby to a thick carpet in her garden .
tr	5	Forty-three I left Jolie for the moment and inched my way through the crowd , closer and closer , squeezing between two reporters huddled in conversation .
tr	4	We would show no belligerence toward anyone we encountered which meant keeping arms out of sight as much as possible yet having them handy .
tr	0	The approaching boat moved closer .
tr	4	His tired grip lets go for the last time , and it is the final push toward her uncontrollable tears .
tr	1	With a grunt , he strode from the room .
tr	4	Aimee flew into the pyramid clutching the easel and satchel , just as Peyton and his group arrived in the courtyard .
tr	4	When it didn 't disappear , and he didn 't say anything , I grabbed his arm and drew the man aside .
tr	1	Her eyes followed the lines of the bark up the tree .
tr	0	""" Do you really trust her ? """
tr	4	Slowly raising his upturned palms , the beast grins crazily as his blood slowly rises off the ground and into the air .
tr	2	""" Where are the fine ships and the bold lasses you commanded now ? """
tr	0	""" Small world ! """
tr	4	The song of the Fae filled the night as they lulled the star to sleep and coaxed the night sky to emerge .
tr	0	They both spoke English .
tr	2	It was the same ship that Paul Revere eluded before making his famous midnight ride .
tr	2	Mark picked the knife out of the ashes and dusted it off .
tr	3	""" How can you know that this is not just you imagination talking back and forth ?"
tr	2	"The doctor confirmed it two days ago , and I wanted to surprise you . """
tr	1	"See how it 's scuffed up here ? """
tr	2	""" Gabe , is it safe for you to be around me ? """
tr	0	A chorus of a thousand horns blared .
tr	0	""" But not the only way ? """
tr	4	On the top shelf , above the monitors , a terrible battle wages between two opposing armies of action figures .
tr	3	"As to catching him ... that I will not promise , for it is a different matter entirely . """
tr	3	I do not know if Sven Oster can ever forgive you for what you 've done .
tr	3	""" Oh , depending upon the efficiency of their HVAC system , about five minutes or so ."
tr	1	Toby will learn much faster with his own suit .
tr	0	He was a cruel man .
tr	4	After making the salads , Chris excused himself , saying he wasn 't hungry and would be in his room .
tr	2	As long as there was no news , there was still hope .
tr	0	""" I 'm fine ."
tr	2	""" How many saints does it take to found a church ? """
tr	4	They both stomped around on the ground until they were sure there weren 't any sparks left that would start another fire .
tr	0	How had Adele looked ?
tr	0	Now , she was just plain irate .
tr	3	""" OK gentlemen , "" said Mudd , "" I suggest we move off to the left ."
tr	5	When he indicated no interest in how she 'd managed it , the disquieting thought that he already knew jarred her confidence , but she pressed ahead .
tr	2	As he neared the dozer the bear took a few steps forward then stopped .
tr	0	asked Lord Brogan serenely .
tr	3	She flushed , stammered a quick ' Thank you ' in Swiss German and hurried down the stairs .
tr	3	With orders to aim low , the Confederates returned fire into the lower banks of the river .
tr	2	He saw her gaze jet to the bag and back again and he smiled .
tr	5	All I wanted was to see about breaking this tense reserve between us , but he 's turned my gesture of reconciliation into a competition .
tr	2	As I sit here looking at these photos there is another common denominator ... .
tr	3	""" The Glorious Corona is in a safe place , far from here , "" she mused ."
tr	4	The rest of his time was spent exploring the Irish countryside on horseback and watching the sky for the helicopter he knew was coming .
tr	0	""" A kid , you say ? """
tr	0	And what was with the puking ?
tr	1	Sam carried Connie to the helicopter and strapped her in .
tr	4	I followed Reid to the exit and stepped off the plane , the wind whipping at my jumpsuit as I dropped forward .
tr	5	Then the months of self-imposed solitary confinement followed , enlivened by the eating of hapless insects , mice , small birds , and unacceptable suitors .
tr	2	Settling into one of the recliners , she started reading the first few pages .
tr	4	He took them to Rafe 's tent and left them with assurance that Lady Adele would be with them shortly .
tr	3	Wasn 't much , after my expectations and my orientations , should have been 50 euros or much more .
tr	2	""" We have gathered all the remaining food and clothing we could manage ."
tr	1	shoot and scoot ... we need the intel .
tr	4	The two slave girls still had enough on their bones to win his approval and they agreed without any struggle to stay behind .
tr	5	She didn 't seem to be able to get her breathing under control right away and Ted started to be concerned that she might choke .
tr	4	George got up and placed another log on the fire , it erupted in a shower of sparks and flame .
tr	4	The three of them got into the car parked at the curb , the driver pulled out into the traffic .
tr	2	Panels and commissions sprang up everywhere searching for solutions and assigning blame .
tr	0	I entered the kitchen .
tr	1	Plenty of jungle experience in Malaya ... speaks fluent Malay ... .
tr	4	His pose was negligent , but something about his tensed , powerful shoulders gave the impression that he would spring into action if necessary .
tr	1	Eda snuggled her cheek against Adele 's shoulder .
tr	3	Several seconds later , the teens went slack - falling forward , their heads hitting the table .
tr	5	While the dogs were completely focused on his current position , Ted jumped down to the ground inside the paddock , disappearing from their view .
tr	4	Within the dark lord 's mind , he attributes the unexpected pain to the figure within the orb of flame .
tr	5	Even a little spitfire from Arabia couldn 't beat my darling Go when it really came down to the fastest horse I had ever known .
tr	3	She smiled when she saw him , feeling the caress of the Irish sun on her back .
tr	3	At one corner of the structure white smoke billowed from a rusty sheet metal pipe promising warmth .
tr	5	"Wolf Eyes said , "" When I was a young brave , I was part of a hunting party led by my Uncle Night Walker ."
tr	5	Long before he steps close enough to access the wooden box , a pillar of limestone leaps into the air carrying the chest along with it .
tr	3	Maybe they could spend the winter in the Fens , or sneak into little hamlet somewhere and disappear .
tr	1	Tears streamed down her face but she made no sound .
tr	1	There was a disconnected ET tube taped to her mouth .
tr	2	Soft clicks around me indicated that the others were doing the same .
tr	4	He flew down to the cement floor in his hot spy glamour , much to the awe of the clients .
tr	5	""" That was by far the creepiest thing I 've seen today , "" said Edwin , surveying the suit of armour 's dismembered remains ."
tr	2	""" Thanks , Señor , "" she said , a bit friendlier ."
tr	0	She seemed to shine with good health .
tr	3	He was the newest guy on Alejo 's team and had been sent over from Puerto Rico .
tr	1	""" I 'll bring 006 home , "" said Toby ."
tr	3	I knew there was something familiar about the boy -- he has his father 's nerve .
tr	4	Because of you , they built this squadron and now the crew of the Morse will never see their families again .
tr	3	""" It 's okay , sweetie , "" she said , her voice a rasping whisper ."
tr	5	For the time being , we resolved to be kind towards those poor whom we would meet and better their position any way we saw fitting .
tr	1	Adele felt that she was doing the right thing .
tr	0	This is so awkward .
tr	1	Have I been watching too many Stephen Spielberg movies ?
tr	4	""" We 'll find where she 's held , rescue her , and take Fuchs when he 's traveling or alone ."
tr	4	I 'm not surprised that you cannot grasp the meaning of the Gospels , lower class scum that you are .
tr	0	The driver never caught .
tr	0	Her feelings for him had grown .
tr	5	"And so I steeled myself to counter with all the thrust of youthful enthusiasm , "" only I 've got it all figured out , you see ."
tr	4	I sheathed the swords , drew the weapons from the holsters at my hips and stepped out of the lift .
tr	4	The ship that had been straining against her bonds these past few minutes now seemed to have had second thoughts about entering the sea .
tr	4	This theory is directed solely at answering an all-important question yet it may also give a measure of hope to the human race .
tr	2	"Might as well do it now since we 've got rain in the forecast . """
tr	0	Dad coughed and lifted the newspaper .
tr	3	Her drawings and word creations opened the path of energy work to a whole new generation of seekers .
tr	0	""" Did you hear it ! """
tr	2	It was weak and lop-sided , and looked out of place on his pale face .
tr	4	When she started toward the edge of the eastern slope Scott followed with the coyote and bear close at his heels .
tr	3	Valerian 's flesh crawled anew , for he recognized it as the soft opening of a door .
tr	2	The sun shone in through the window on her smooth black hair .
tr	5	A year after he and his company developed into a profitable venture , they were beginning to control a large share of the personal computer market .
tr	1	It was so dark , she couldn 't see his face .
tr	0	""" Yes , sir . """
tr	1	They paused at the sight of us at the table .
tr	2	We booked it out the front door , Peyton 's words ringing in my ears .
tr	5	His head cleared and he spent more and more time out of bed , even if it was just to shuffle to the outhouse and back .
tr	4	And then his face would appear to her , his startled then glazed eyes , his blank , face full of nothingness now .
tr	5	He grabbed his dagger that was strapped on his belt , jerked Sylvia 's arm and placed the point of the weapon at her chest .
tr	2	They worked through the deep woods as quiet as their movement would allow .
tr	5	Poe had an old dog named Donald , Jake was interested in the old hound sticking its tongue out and running inside the woods cheerfully .
tr	1	""" Well , hello , Sarge , "" Cletus mocked ."
tr	2	""" Come on , "" she muttered , and started down the hall ."
tr	2	She dropped the heart as it turned from stone to squishy flesh .
tr	4	""" This was Willie 's idea , "" Lilly Ann announced to Taylor , "" isn 't this fun ! """
tr	2	Alfred learned of her return and hounded her to meet with him at NET corporate .
tr	1	To be loved like that was her one goal .
tr	1	But right now , he had no way to prove it .
tr	2	It was indeed an entrance to a cave , or at least a tunnel .
tr	5	George stood there the memories running through his mind like a fast forwarded film , Malaya , Sarawak , Bradbury Lines , Harry , Peter ... . .
tr	0	"Is that creepy , or what ? """
tr	2	Sarah stared at the car as if she were in a trance .
tr	5	' That 's odd , ' said Duke , running his hand over the seamless surface , ' there doesn 't seem to be any opening . '
tr	0	Her pants and sandals were brown .
tr	5	Chapter Seven : Knowing Death The next few days passed quickly as they traveled on , descending the mountains but still surrounded by dense forest .
tr	4	""" I left the Fortress nearly twenty years ago now , give or take a few , "" the Exile said ."
tr	5	""" We don 't have enough soldiers to cover every approach , and there are several possibilities , due to the way this whole thing is built ."
tr	4	Kevin had already opened it and was taking things out ; a dress , two hats , some strange looking pants .
tr	0	What brings you out this way ?
tr	0	I appear to have lost my way .
tr	3	A Spy Like Me is the most fun we 've had in Paris since Anna and the French Kiss .
tr	5	I could feel Susan 's fear as she breathed hard , the surprise at being so close to getting Joey out of there and now this .
tr	2	A grin stretched his tanned face and Benjamin seemed to agree with him .
tr	1	Pedro always had a bigger love for the sea .
tr	3	""" I think I 'm going to bed ... "" Abby said , stifling a yawn ."
tr	2	He was busy reading something or other and not paying much attention .
tr	3	""" Is what does the rightful owner of the Lady Grace wish to do about these trespassers ? """
tr	3	' I can walk , you know , ' the wounded man protested feebly halfway up the stone steps .
tr	4	Then we 'd line up in a circle and I 'd show you how we danced in the old country .
tr	0	Rand hesitated and then smiled .
tr	5	""" There is no other positive we killed our fellow classmates instead of going after who we really should 've been going after , "" I shout ."
tr	3	~ ~ ~ Chapter 43 Family David arrived the following morning looking none the worse for wear .
tr	2	His goatee was also braided and decorated with the same colorful beads .
tr	3	' Whatever they have , they 're carrying it in transport containers in four silver cases . '
tr	1	His parents were wealthy and did not believe in God .
tr	4	I always thought of them keeping our enemies out , but now it seems more like they 'll trap us in .
tr	3	He had brought a tray with him loaded with six shot glasses filled with an ominous looking clear liquid .
tr	5	He was pushing himself even though the blood rushing from his shoulder was dripping out of his sleeve and staining the top of his jeans .
tr	2	I threw open the doors to her closet to find half of her clothes gone .
tr	3	"It is the responsibility of capable men to take control for the benefit of all . """
tr	3	It was somehow encouraging to think that the weight of everything wasn 't squarely on his shoulders .
tr	3	"There was a light tap on his door , and Riki whispered , "" Neil ! """
tr	4	Since their parents were both dead and they had no living relatives there would be no family to refute it .
tr	0	' They play cards Graham ' .
tr	2	Malcolm played with the cap of his water bottle and studied a pile of dirt .
tr	0	""" No cider while on trial . """
tr	3	I followed him out the tent a few meters , to a clearing signalling the end of the forest .
tr	0	But I must be on my way .
tr	1	He was not sure he wanted to know the truth .
tr	4	From there , he could see the woman being handed into the boat , which was captained by three other men .
tr	4	""" Come to me , little human , "" the giant said - his mouth filled with a double row of teeth ."
tr	4	The truth is that I have them so rare , but when I do have it , the people around me are happy .
tr	2	""" But you could perform that mind control thing , "" Miriam argued ."
tr	5	"But , this thing is obviously from the past , so it could be proof of Atlantis or some other ancient race rumored to have existed . """
tr	2	I have to admit , I nearly gave myself away the second time . '
tr	2	It was no use ; she was caught like a worm on a hook .
tr	0	I talk to grandma all the time .
tr	0	I gently kicked open the door .
tr	4	""" Oh ... I 'm sorry , "" the Prince said loudly , his own lips lifting , but in contempt ."
tr	1	So do his eyes , and that scar .
tr	2	""" Grand was Thane 's eldest son , and he wanted revenge . """
tr	2	When they enter the store , I throw the rabbit down a sewer grate .
tr	0	I need to post a confession .
tr	1	When I handed him the papers he was shocked .
tr	0	We need some facts .
tr	5	He 'd spent one especially dismal afternoon cooking up a pot of boiling animal fat and mud , subsequently basting the tent with the obscene concoction .
tr	1	Sam had his head over my shoulder looking in .
tr	5	The restoration artist does not know all the details of your mission but does know that he needs to help and protect in whatever way he can .
tr	2	' You 're right , ' I stated , more to myself than to him .
tr	5	Soon as I 've done that we 'll drive over to the Command and Control Center and get a closer look at the Brixton Operation .
tr	2	The reporter wrote down a note or two before composing his next question .
tr	1	""" I was almost five years old at the time . """
tr	4	Treading on shadows , Garo moves without sound or essence , intending to deal the final blow to his prey .
tr	1	""" You 're from Indonesia I presume . """
tr	4	""" It 's what we all do , "" Lilly Ann had a neck of making the most incredulous statements sound self-evident ."
tr	0	""" We will right this yet . """
tr	4	The most distinctive feature of the machine , however , was a ' ball ' that rested over the curved piece of paper .
tr	3	I came upon the home and slipped up the entry staircase to pound on the door .
tr	5	""" A lifetime ago , I went to Australia for work and over the two months that I spent there I came to love it ."
tr	1	There 's Danielle , Lindsay , Courtney , and Alicia .
tr	1	He was not one for wild goose chases .
tr	1	A pale fuzz of light blurs the lines of his fingers .
tr	5	""" Sir , the brain ... it needs to be extracted and then placed into the cortex receptacle , we can 't do that here ."
tr	4	Quickly rolling beside the large doorway , he presses his back against the cool stone , briefly peeking into the sunlight .
tr	2	""" John , "" David moaned from his side of the big bed ."
tr	3	"Abby stumbled for a reply , figuring none of the children had any , "" Um , nothing really ."
tr	0	' I know . '
tr	3	I jumped back and forth and shook out my arms like a boxer would before a match .
tr	1	What if children were born out of this union ?
tr	1	""" Isn 't this great , Mom ? """
tr	1	"Back of my head is getting itchy . """
tr	0	Scott smiled at the coyote .
tr	0	I stared at the crimson liquid inside .
tr	5	The stranger stepped forward , the loose brown wraps from his cloak falling close around his large frame , his forearms clad in bright metal .
tr	5	Lucas 's eyes darted around the landscape as he closed the front door behind him and made his way around the side of the house .
tr	2	I look at Gabe , at his free smile and bright elf eyes .
tr	4	The mattress was soft and more comfortable than the one I had been forced to lie on for the last three days .
tr	2	"I 'll sit on it until I hear back from you , "" said Ron ."
tr	3	She pounded weakly on the door a few more times , and backed away and sat on the floor .
tr	5	It would be a leisurely two-day trip , and we could partake of our time together without being thrust in amongst a bunch of passengers .
tr	3	Smiling grimly , I holstered the gun , renewed my grip on the landing gear and pulled myself up .
tr	5	I peaked in on the barn and saw the dim back lighting of the few lanterns burning oil at that late hour of the moonlit night .
tr	0	""" Not you too , Abby ? """
tr	3	Power and insanity was not a good combination , as he learned from the history books .
tr	4	She turned back to the kitchen and pulled out a covered bowl of dough and began forming it into biscuits .
tr	0	Happy to be alive I think .
tr	5	He liked the idea and had even started to cultivate it by encouraging a tattoo of a spider 's web on all those that worked for him .
tr	1	The finish hastened toward him with the promise of his release .
tr	5	"I know for a fact that we will have a very smart kid , so she must have had her good reasons , right ? """
tr	3	I moved to his back and pulled out the knife tucked into my sock and under my pant leg .
tr	2	Give me a healthy dose of swearing , loud-mouthed , impatient Americans , thanks .
tr	4	He liked to keep the front door in sight and the kitchen door was just five feet to his right .
tr	0	Her cry had done her good .
tr	2	""" The coroner still has not made a determination concerning Dickie 's death Gema ."
tr	4	At this point , Nathan hesitated to even think about that daunting task , he had enough to worry about already .
tr	4	They tried having the prisoners hooded , but it didn 't help much and Harold just couldn 't bring himself to gag the men .
tr	3	She imagined this was how an old oak tree would sound , if one ever decided to speak .
tr	1	Cider splashed out of the plastic , fluted glass .
tr	0	Gabe 's voice breaks through my stupor .
tr	3	My head propped up by the roots of a big tree at the inner edge of an enclosing forest .
tr	5	The Carpathian Mountains are a range of mountains forming a long arc across Central and Eastern Europe , making them the largest mountain range in Europe .
tr	5	She could feel the determination underlying his grief , and she knew that he would do whatever it took to find out who had killed his father .
tr	1	""" I went to visit me Mum , "" she said ."
tr	1	""" How can I refuse that request ? """
tr	2	Something was there , but Echo couldn 't quite latch on to it .
tr	0	"Who 's with me ? """
tr	4	"It 's likely they 'll overtake us , and it wouldn 't do to be found on this path . """
tr	5	""" Shhh , "" she said pointing to the second floor , which rang with loud footsteps as the guards tramped into the various rooms upstairs ."
tr	0	""" Maybe it 's the creature . """
tr	0	I have endured too much from you !
tr	0	"You know what you 've done . """
tr	4	That was all that remained of the High King : his greedy crown of gold , and his blackened remains .
tr	0	I choked and froze .
tr	1	She just stood there , holding his head letting him breathe .
tr	1	One of his men handed him a large roll of paper .
tr	1	She stood abruptly , indicating that he was to follow her .
tr	4	"Without meaning to , he followed her swaying hips with his eyes , which earned him a "" back to business ! """
tr	2	Anna paused at the door : she was the last one to leave the room .
tr	4	The first document was a receipt made out to a Judson Poole , dated that evening , for ' services rendered ' .
tr	2	""" We have agreed to the HS and the clone process , including a demo ."
tr	3	The barren streets ran back and forth through the buildings , all stepping down to the harbor below .
tr	0	""" She was . """
tr	2	An ' ta be fair , they 've every right ta be .
tr	4	Liquid splattered the table , and a massive clanging resounded as the kettle rolled from the table to the floor .
tr	1	Okay , working with him might not be that bad .
tr	4	""" We 're recommending universal training of all able-bodied men between the ages of 18 and 45 , "" said Anderson ."
tr	5	"Kneeling in front of her , he softly said : "" I was never so scared in my whole life because of what you did ."
tr	1	I don 't want anything to happen to any of you .
tr	1	""" What is this pirate doing here ? """
tr	4	The dam sits right at the top of the park and makes electricity from the water flowing northward from those two manmade lakes .
tr	4	"It 's difficult to accept that everything I was taught was a lie ... "" "" And that makes you angry . """
tr	1	Sure enough , it only went just past her waist .
tr	4	"Then we find Phillip -- he 'll be in the west wing -- and we get the hell out of there . """
tr	0	""" What are his capabilities ?"
tr	5	Claire let her mind drift , wondering where Robert had disappeared to , and whether Carl had noticed yet that she hadn 't blogged a new hostel .
tr	4	From this side it looks almost new , but the rest of it is a ruin and has been for some time .
tr	1	What if she only accepted that sort of comfort from Rand ?
tr	2	"They just never let me take her out for a spin . """
tr	5	It was a nice tight spiral but it didn 't have the power of mine and we had to slow up to meet the ball .
tr	3	""" Mr. Neil , I 'm sure , would like to make up his own mind ."
tr	2	And I especially liked that he was a cute boy who could speak English .
tr	0	Death for even the smallest relief ?
tr	2	She eased Jimmy back down into her lap and started rubbing his temples .
tr	1	Roberto saw the fury and it drew him .
tr	5	However , she has given us no cause for offence , no reason to let her off , unfortunately , aside from the incident the other night .
tr	0	"You see that ? """
tr	3	General Motors , I have never owned anything but GM automobiles and trucks throughout my life .
tr	1	I was surprised at the anger that suddenly surged through me .
tr	4	She wasn 't about to tell him that the door was still locked , it just hadn 't been closed all the way .
tr	3	Within half an hour all four were back in the thicket all sign of their entrance swept clear .
tr	0	' Is someone there ? '
tr	3	""" Sir , do you mean to say that you are taking away my command ? """
tr	5	Here the dirt was patterned with hoof marks , as if a man sat a restive horse that would not be still and held another .
tr	4	This gives them the opportunity to learn about the people around them , to form friendships , and understand individual personalities without being overwhelmed .
tr	4	The room was adorned with various pieces of equipment consisting of monitors , dials and buttons all accompanied by flashing lights .
tr	3	It started a few feet ahead of us , way too far up for me to consider crossing .
tr	3	""" I was sitting in my tent , trying to forget the bloody mess that existed outside ."
tr	3	I watch one man lurch across the street , putting his hand on car hoods to keep himself up .
tr	2	She cocked her head for a moment before smiling and taking it .
tr	4	Usually he was so tired from riding and playing tennis that he slept soundly all night , and barely stirred .
tr	0	""" I hate to ask ."
tr	0	Now Taylor heard it too .
tr	3	Therefore , as far as the ranger was concerned , that was the end of it .
tr	3	For many nights , I stood at the edge of the vision and felt a rush of warm wind .
tr	2	At the moment , the street was dark and empty under the glowing street lamps .
tr	2	Tears streaked down her cheeks , along with most of her eye makeup .
tr	3	All of a Guardian 's power would be sucked into the impossible web , all of it .
tr	4	I don 't think I 'm allowed to take that coin ; it 'd take too much trouble to exchange it .
tr	3	The wound in her thigh had started bleeding afresh , and she had another gash across her ribs .
tr	3	Virgil looked up from the ledger , huffed with relief , and kissed his fingers to her .
tr	1	"There is no doubt in my mind . """
tr	4	""" And then he took off out of here like a bat out of a sunrise , "" Sidney finished ."
tr	1	""" But so could you , Daddy ! """
tr	3	If they are as good as is said , they don 't need to mind Landon .
tr	0	""" Indeed , master Toby ."
tr	2	"That 's the point I was trying to make , "" he said ."
tr	5	Having fixed that , he looked into her eye again , stroking her , and she seemed to relax ; she knew he was a friend .
tr	2	""" Drink up quickly , now , and give me back my cup . """
tr	5	Still , Sam had made it very clear to his superior that there were unforeseeable risks involved with letting semi intelligent machines mess with personal correspondence .
tr	4	He turned and walked out the OR doors , oblivious to all , in a state of shock and disbelief .
tr	0	Steve Lyndon nodded his approval .
tr	5	"If you do not willingly surrender the intelligence I seek , you can rest assured that I possess other methods with which to extract it . """
tr	2	Someone was on his or her way , maybe to the sea .
tr	3	Here on the open seas he was fairly safe but once on land he would have to stay hidden .
tr	1	Chris smiled again to see pirate democracy in action .
tr	0	Victoria listened to the fans power up .
tr	5	She dabbed the fresh blood away and then did the same to the back of his shoulder , since the bullet had gone straight through .
tr	5	Anna came out of her room , still in her nightshirt , as he was cracking the second egg , her timing impeccable as usual .
tr	4	"I 'd believe you if you told me it was all some sort of mob front for money laundering . """
tr	4	' Let the others know where we 're headed , ' I said , gazing at the other pictures on the monitor .
tr	1	Sarah decided they needed to be able to see their sheep .
tr	1	Water streamed into my mouth and dripped into my ears .
tr	1	Pierre returned Nora to Mozambique where she had been abducted .
tr	1	""" It ran into trouble after a storm ."
tr	3	Leaning against the church , he took a sip of orange juice and then began ravenously downing his pastry .
tr	3	"He turned around , looked into Donato 's eyes , and asked , "" Where did he go missing ?"
tr	3	He could operate without pain and without considering what he had lost ... except during Noni 's visits .
tr	1	""" You mean to say this city is inhabited ? """
tr	2	When I finally woke I looked for her and saw her crying .
tr	3	He suffered greatly from fever and did not recover until Lady Adele and Lady Eda managed to cool him .
tr	5	With the size of the explosion on the sun , the activity may drop off to nothing as the sun settles into a quiet period .
tr	0	Harry disappeared out of the thicket .
tr	3	"He jumped up and yelled , "" Lilly , come on out , Mr. Geronimo is here ! """
tr	2	' I 'm surprised a patrol car didn 't pull us over . '
tr	2	""" I 'm positive someone found him last night after you left ."
tr	0	It will explain everything .
tr	5	Having visited the area before , I should have been prepared for its size and scale , but I was still taken aback by the immense space .
tr	4	""" This isn 't Mandarin , "" she said to David , referring to the neighborhood in Jacksonville where they lived ."
tr	2	Lights came on in the neighbouring house as we stepped onto the lawn .
tr	1	The quiet subservient slant of his shoulders was gone .
tr	4	Americans , who had watched their incomes shrink over the years , were quick to jump on the housing bandwagon .
tr	1	""" Wait up , sport , "" he said ."
tr	3	""" Now , Riki , you may help yourself , but put it on a plate . """
tr	4	The weapons and equipment allowed them to outfit an army , which would be instrumental in rebuilding the new world .
tr	0	' Don 't ask ' I replied .
tr	3	Beads of water rolled off her body as she walked angrily towards me , muttering under her breath .
tr	4	We have several scenarios worked out they all require cutting the head off the snake that is getting Vella out-of-the-way .
tr	0	""" Okay , that 's enough water ."
tr	3	I search for my sunglasses and shove them on my face even though it 's dark outside again .
tr	5	""" We threatened your plans so you hunted us down , I get that , but not for the reasons you would have admitted to publically ."
tr	4	For a moment she lay tense in her cot , wondering what sort of creature had intruded into her tent .
tr	4	In a dusty courtyard with solid walls below , the three men who marched between grave Pakistani police were mere specks to Alejo .
tr	5	Ethan looked back and forth between them and settled his gaze on the mother , who looked a little more together than she had before .
tr	0	This guy had completely lost his marbles .
tr	5	"Then I 'll give it a lot of gas and hopefully we 'll make it to the woods before those goons come out and see us . """
tr	1	We plugged in a portable charger and used the boats generator .
tr	4	He turned to face Keen and Josie , surprised a mortal would even try to shoot him in this form .
tr	0	This feels like flying .
tr	2	""" It 's beautiful George but how can I possibly accept it ."
tr	2	""" Everybody close your eyes and point in the direction you think we should go ."
tr	4	The huge man Nathan had seen outside earlier on the wall walked close to Nathan and looked down at him calmly .
tr	1	The knowing smile on Jolie 's face reflected the truth .
tr	3	He fumbled for his rifle as the crouching man fell onto his side , twitching but already dead .
tr	0	Who could the intruder have been ?
tr	5	Andy looked towards the voice and saw a thin , pale man , immaculately dressed in a business suit with a bow tie and round spectacles .
tr	0	He appeared ready to strangle Ahmad .
tr	2	He 'd neglected to tell me a bit of information he picked up in town .
tr	5	"I know it 's easy for me to say because I am out here and you are in there , but you can 't give up . """
tr	1	""" No , it 's called electromagnetic pulse ."
tr	2	"How will we find -- "" I held up a piece of paper ."
tr	4	We 'd learned exactly who are attackers were and what they stood for , and we 'd seen the king executed before our eyes .
tr	5	Attached at every angle , was a beautiful intricate spider web and on it sat a beautiful tiny black spider with a large red hourglass .
tr	1	I blocked his second , then his third blow .
tr	3	Mike refilled all of their glasses although Sarah hadn 't taken the first sip from hers .
tr	1	""" They cooked the tomatoes , "" he said ."
tr	2	""" That 's what she told you ; wan na know what she told me ."
tr	3	His phone buzzed with an automated selection notice before he had even logged off from the terminal .
tr	4	Hai Hai leapt about at the stairway 's exposed side , her sabers darting in and out , and wherever she leapt men bled .
tr	4	George promptly called David and brought him up to speed who in turn alerted the teams on the other three .
tr	3	Toby sat his cheeseburger down and took a long pull on the straw leading into his chocolate milkshake .
tr	3	The worst thing that could happen to you is a beheading , and I won 't let that happen .
tr	2	Tool bags left behind with no visible sign of where they 'd come from .
tr	5	The rest of their caravan had stopped early in order to join a little country fair , which real wine merchants would not have passed up .
tr	0	ET phoned home already !
tr	0	""" Dead serious , boy ."
tr	3	""" You 'll never catch the train , "" Simon said , looking at his watch ."
tr	5	He had assumed that the girl was his in every way even before the ring found her finger , but now he wasn 't so sure .
tr	5	They began to slow as they approached the barricade on the island side of the bridge , stopping at the seemingly standard distance of angry crowds everywhere .
tr	5	He 's dripping sweat , face flushed , but it 's his own fault for wearing long sleeves and pants on such a warm day .
tr	0	I climbed down and down .
tr	5	""" We 're getting too old for this type of crap , "" said Rafferty "" it didn 't sound too bad the way Paco described it ."
tr	1	He fell backwards , sprawling on the carpet of leaves .
tr	5	A little panicked , her gaze flitted around her little sanctuary of trees , the cedar bench that had been there as long as she could remember .
tr	2	He had watched the entire occurrence with both lightness and heaviness in his heart .
tr	4	' This is taking too long , ' he murmured , absent-mindedly rubbing the bloodied knuckles on his right hand .
tr	1	"Jessica perked up , "" Yes , definitely !"
tr	3	I 'll give you something else to think about , see the swing set behind those trees ?
tr	4	He would have to count on the element of surprise and hope there weren 't too many to deal with .
tr	2	The flies were still thick in the pool of dried blood in the dirt .
tr	0	""" Jimmy , "" Josie said ."
tr	5	Most of the time they missed - their weapons were really terrible -- but every once in a while one of Hank 's buddies got shot .
tr	5	The historic hospital housed one of the city 's foremost trauma centers and it was next to the cathedral , only a few hundred meters away .
tr	1	""" Maybe that 's exactly what we could do . """
tr	2	Before she could pour the contents Roberto got up and took it from her .
tr	3	""" You were right , "" Rob said , "" and I think they 've got a flashlight ."
tr	5	After a few moments , the first team relayed the signal from the second and the third team moved past the positions of the first team .
tr	4	The others hid themselves in the trunk of a great hollow tree , crawling deep within the bowels of its scorched frame .
tr	3	He reassured them both as he made for the door , clutching the Book with one hand .
tr	4	And , that 's not taking into account the nasty tariffs and import costs and the recent wars in the Orient .
tr	5	"I don 't even know who I am anymore , "" I say lifting myself up from the ledge of the roof heading for the exit door ."
tr	0	""" I knew something wasn 't right ."
tr	1	""" Is she still in danger from your father ? """
tr	0	I finally break in .
tr	4	"When he mentioned Professor Cobb and the artifacts he 'd collected , Barney said , "" Arthur Cobb , huh ?"
tr	4	Lilly grabbed his jacket and started to drag him down the street directing them to the house that she knew Lilly Ann lived in .
tr	1	As ash moved , sun glinted off something metal .
tr	3	She wore a beautiful pale green dress , her skin glowing and hair shiny , looking magnificent .
tr	1	While I thought he might be dead , he played jokes !
tr	0	Alejo 's tone turned bitter .
tr	1	There is one letter I haven 't written .
tr	4	This whole thing , starting with his faked death , could have been engineered to steal the technology and sell it on his own .
tr	4	It seemed to take forever for the shot to come and Beau suddenly knew why , whoever was in that tank was alone .
tr	3	""" And now I have given so freely of my great acumen , I will leave you . """
tr	0	David introduced the three of them .
tr	5	I loved the old-time feel of Aimee 's family 's cottage , the paint chipping off the sides and the old stone chimney and crumbling walkway .
tr	1	If they touched her ... he clenched his fists .
tr	5	A decade later , he became one of the youngest Air Force test pilots and his father , now retired , was extremely proud of his son .
tr	4	""" I accept your challenge , as befits my honor , but I shall set the terms , "" he said ."
tr	2	he panted with difficultly as he stopped to gather his senses -- and breath .
tr	0	Her eyes rested on Gavin .
tr	0	A savage grin crossed his face .
tr	5	The Baron couldn 't argue with her logic , not really but he also felt like he detected a certain glee creep into her tone .
tr	1	""" Okay , "" said Toby , working fast ."
tr	5	Under Cartwright 's supervision , the hired waiters removed the dishes from the fish course and then placed lemon sorbets before the diners to cleanse their palates .
tr	4	God , what a woman , I couldn 't believe that she had a temper when she started to throw rocks on me .
tr	1	""" Out in the desert ... "" Carlos blurted out ."
tr	3	Trusting the laborers to their work , we left the platform , walking into the city .
tr	2	"You are a wonderful man , and I love you very much . """
tr	1	' You lost a lot of blood . '
tr	1	Two of the team are still alive plus their old CO. .
tr	0	""" But -- "" "" Everywhere ."
tr	0	I stood back and lowered the swords .
tr	0	Malcolm spoke in a husky voice .
tr	5	She thought about trying to have that conversation with her mother , and whether she would choose to raise children the way she was raised .
tr	4	' To this day , we are still nowhere near the number of immortals that existed prior to the plague . '
tr	5	Although the events that preceded were at first sketchy , the excruciating pain from various areas of his body ensured that his memories came flashing back .
tr	5	The Prime Minister of Britain had cornered him on the wet tarmac as they were boarding a modified Osprey for the short trip up to the Hannibal .
tr	3	Her knuckles were white and Mason could see the tiny tattoos stretched on the backs of her fingers .
tr	2	To him , it was one of those moments in life when everything stands still .
tr	1	oh yes , I know ... terrible business ... .
tr	1	""" How do we cook ' em ? """
tr	1	""" It 's because I believe you 're not an angel ."
tr	2	""" There 's some fruit and cheese on that table there . """
tr	2	""" Let 's go to the back garden and let them fight it out ."
tr	4	On her hands and knees , shaking , Elaina was grateful to be free of that stare , even for a moment .
tr	0	He pushed his plate away .
tr	1	I could feel tension spreading through the group .
tr	5	My younger sister used to hang around me all day wanting to play with her dollies , and she was still prettier and cleverer than me .
tr	0	Lilly Ann continued to ask .
tr	0	Not that I care .
tr	1	""" Here , "" Gabe offers his PSP ."
tr	5	He was mad , he was furious and he jumped so hastily at Jonas that Jonas was pushed away and smashed against the opposite wall .
tr	5	They also bore looks of grim determination , as though they were ready to march off to the ends of the earth if need be .
tr	3	The man ahead suddenly stopped and turned his horse about , confusion evident upon his face .
tr	4	"The warrior stayed and fought , but it does not seem as though they killed him , there is no blood . """
tr	1	""" I think you will find we have every choice . """
tr	2	Slowly , he turned and faced me , his face worn and weary .
tr	5	With a furious swing , he intends to obliterate the woman , but it stops short as Zelda invokes a much more potent shield than Link possesses .
tr	4	""" That 's the trouble with the systems in this country , "" said Jennie , "" there 's no central information data base ."
tr	2	Exciting was about the last word Chris would use to describe it .
tr	2	You have written orders giving us priority to requisition , use them .
tr	3	He rose from his seat and stepped forward with a purposeful stride , a heavy frown clouding his face .
tr	1	He recognized that he missed the girl Jules .
tr	4	After a moment of discomfort , the strips of tape came loose from his skin and the needle slid out of his vein .
tr	2	' Looks like you still lose , half-breed , ' Thorne gasped mockingly .
tr	0	""" Aye , I do ."
tr	5	They had been traveling quite far but the path they were on seemed to be darker and darker as they draw closer to their journey 's end .
tr	5	""" That adds to the grand you lost on day one , or now ten percent of your part of the stash , "" replied VIN ."
tr	0	The blood is rushing in my ears .
tr	0	""" I know nothing of it . """
tr	3	""" I like to wear loose clothes when I sleep , "" a perturbed Carlos replied ."
tr	2	He spoke again before exhaustion and sickness carried him back to unconsciousness .
tr	0	You were supposed to be happy .
tr	4	""" That is grievous news , and you have my condolences , "" he concedes , obviously uncomfortable in this informal setting ."
tr	3	""" What are you waiting down there for , you misbegotten offspring of questionable parents ? """
tr	3	She sat back in her chair to watch him roll his eyes and puff furiously on his pipe .
tr	0	His leg slowly descended to the floor .
tr	1	Sunlight crawls up my knees and flows across my hands .
tr	4	Somewhere down there was a river , but the carpet of trees made it invisible even from this height up on the rise .
tr	0	Lord Brogan glanced around the tent .
tr	1	""" His reasons for his behaviour were honourable . """
tr	4	Chapter Three ' The Offer ' I swung the door open with a smile , ready to welcome whoever had knocked so sturdily .
tr	3	One afternoon a new pilot had a problem with his Hunters landing gear and its right undercarriage collapsed .
tr	5	Listening to Dane talk about being born again was just like her dream , running and trying to catch the meaning , but never quite achieving it .
tr	1	I hunched down and helped her gather the scattered folders .
tr	5	Rand knew that it was a perfectly reasonable sentiment , but still felt that a few words with Adele would have settled his mind considerably .
tr	3	The huge wood fired stove gleamed with polished steel hardware and deep blue enamel lacquered panels and doors .
tr	0	They absorbed into the creature 's skin .
tr	0	Barney sighed to even think about it .
tr	3	She had forgotten how hot and humid it could be , she almost found it refreshing .
tr	1	' Besides , that was strictly for medicinal purposes .
tr	5	When that pair failed , they sent more guild members , which would explain the delay between those initial attacks and the one on your father yesterday .
tr	2	The markets have become in many respects the largest criminal enterprises in human history .
tr	0	He wants to die .
tr	4	I held in my laughter as she kicked open the door and the jug of water drenched down on top her .
tr	3	There were people lying in the street , knocked down from the force of the blast .
tr	1	Maybe today at the finals , they 'd finish the job .
tr	0	"I earned his respect quickly . """
tr	2	The center of the once wide road was still smooth and almost free of vegetation .
tr	3	Now they came back to find those men in residence and most of the town gone .
tr	1	""" I 'm making you my daughter . """
tr	3	Scott relayed what they 'd found in the gorge and how he 'd found no ID in either backpack .
tr	5	""" It 's similar to the Link , I think I found a way to mimic it , but it may hurt as that did . """
tr	0	Allah had saved him by a miracle .
tr	1	I started the engine and engaged the transmission .
tr	2	The two friends quickly washed up and headed back to their lockers .
tr	3	""" The sensor mesh network in William 's lab can be isolated from the rest of the mesh ."
tr	5	The wind abated to a gentle breeze ; the sounds that once haunted the forest had ceased ; and the chaos had finally come to a halt .
tr	5	"Jake stood close to the edge of the pit , standing over Frank , his face intent , "" Those look like skulls , Frank . """
tr	0	a pile of blackened rubble ... .
tr	0	Refused to carry a gun .
tr	0	""" Alexandra Williamson ! """
tr	5	Lady Adele did not feel disgruntled ; she had not taken offence at Lord Rafe 's refusal to escort her to his home in person .
tr	0	""" Oh , yeah ."
tr	1	But I may be naive in such matters .
tr	4	Atticus and I had snatched a bounty from some goons who cut off our escape so we took refuge in a ratty old house .
tr	3	Adele had not really noticed his presence before , but now she smiled at him gently .
tr	5	' You were also involved in the incident at the Hauptbahnhof in Zurich , ' he said abruptly , having evidently decided to switch tactics .
tr	0	Just what I needed .
tr	5	""" No , Adele , please , not the ear ... "" Adele dropped her hold on him , the movement betraying her distaste and fury ."
tr	3	I just wanted so bad a shower , I would give my soul for it in that moment .
tr	1	I don 't know about Leeds or Ireland .
tr	0	' Are you Pierre 's friends ? '
tr	3	""" Well , you can read a book at the same time , "" she said with a grin ."
tr	4	"The French priests and bishops were corrupt , didn 't really care for the poor , and they had to go . """
tr	2	I sighed , shook my head and settled back in the seat .
tr	2	The one John had crowned with the manure shovel howled the loudest .
tr	4	Reaching the docks , he wound his way through the support columns until he found what he was looking for .
tr	3	Victoria and I thought we could smell a rat from the beginning -- there were some strange circumstances .
tr	1	It was going to be a long day of hard work .
tr	3	A notice to the reader ; this theory has not been written for the express purpose of direct publication .
tr	5	19 It took him awhile to sleep again , with his pregnant wife in his arms , just holding her as if his life depended on it .
tr	0	Alex asked when she noticed .
tr	0	""" Will we , Rafe ? """
tr	2	There was a wrapped packet as well , and Neil opened it eagerly .
tr	5	Many attendees nodded or bowed to Di Luca as he passed , and more than once , our progress was halted as introductions were offered and received .
tr	5	After the death of grandma Zofia , she had at least two afternoons off and she felt comfortable enough to sit in his apartment and read .
tr	0	The books , the maps , everything .
tr	1	I struggle to filter it into a coherent message .
tr	0	""" Perhaps she was mistaken ? """
tr	2	He remembered wondering why he hadn 't heard anything before the blackness overcame him .
tr	5	He took his time , swinging his legs over to the other side of the bed so he could face her , eyes flickering back and forth .
tr	2	""" There are many things which I have never seen , that is true ."
tr	5	She repressed the urge to call him closer ; he settled just far enough away to exclude himself , and it was obvious their hosts resented it .
tr	2	She crossed the floor to a writing desk and removed something from a drawer .
tr	0	""" Can 't say I blame her ."
tr	5	""" And when you signed that confession written for you , we wouldn 't have pressed the matter further , "" the policeman muttered to himself ."
tr	1	""" They won 't know he 's telling the truth ."
tr	3	But part of her well caved in and she can 't repair it on her own .
tr	2	Pulling up a chair nearer the fire , he spread the cloak to dry .
tr	3	She shrugged away from him and began to pick her way carefully through the tangled mass of plants .
tr	2	Though his face burned red , he really couldn 't blame them .
tr	5	Mac even suspected that Chester was on his Imp in the living room just now , but he was better at disguising his zombie face .
tr	1	""" Though , perhaps it doesn 't matter ."
tr	1	He reached for the knob but it wouldn 't turn .
tr	4	"He stuck his nose to her and sniffed for effect , then turned to them , "" Because she doesn 't stink . """
tr	1	It told him how much they had missed him .
tr	1	The cords that confined his were apparently unbreakable .
tr	1	Her whole being cried out to be with him .
tr	1	Even in death , the face seemed peaceful .
tr	5	Sitting at a half empty table next to Calvin Pickett , Seth was determined to enjoy his desert of vanilla ice cream and pastry puff .
tr	5	The people that she 'd see there mash-ups were only vaguely familiar , but for the most part they stared blankly as she walked by them .
tr	1	They formed a large circle around Mark and Josie 's table .
tr	3	Monster Maya might get to help him with some science experiments if he doesn 't kill her first .
tr	4	Dashing forward , Rift unwittingly avoids a fierce swing stabbing into the rocky ground , totally focused on finishing his wounded prey .
tr	2	He looked at Edie May with a mixture of challenging her and hoping for answers .
tr	2	Could he possibly believe this story , this tale from someone he had met ?
tr	0	""" The Secret Service ."
tr	3	While pouring himself an orange juice , he heard a booming laugh from the vestibule leading into the gym .
tr	3	William has assured me the technology is sound , so it 's the money , right ?
tr	5	After a longer while , Julian asked : - I know what 's bothering you and I decided not to involve you in this story .
tr	1	""" Isn 't that Noah 's ring ? """
tr	4	' If you wouldn 't mind filling the rest of it in for me at your leisure I would be much obliged .
tr	1	""" Yeah , I like your thinking . """
tr	5	This easy , flat part of the journey would last the better part of the day , but after that it was a rough road .
tr	4	He jumped off before the horse had come to a complete halt , ran up the stairs and started banging on the front door .
tr	2	"She made it "" family friendly "" when needed as she read ."
tr	2	He winked into the mirror and then slid his dark glasses back on .
tr	3	Avalon is the product of a reckless idealism that can only blossom in our naïve university seclusion .
tr	5	You 've read all the books and stories based on their adventures , and yet you 've missed one of the most basic things about your family .
tr	3	"He continued , "" Although , it won 't do any good if it 's like the last time ."
tr	3	""" He 's not gon na want to answer questions with his severed thumbs crammed up his ass . """
tr	5	Hell people are still dying ; by the time it all is sorted out , they 'll probably be less than 50 million of us Americans left .
tr	4	Then he turned and limped off towards the carriage without another word , blood dripping onto the gravel after him .
tr	5	When the Congressional Commission on Electromagnetic Pulse had issued their report in 2002 , everyone expected the Federal government to act quickly to protect the nation .
tr	2	"A button would have some kind of rim or space to move in . """
tr	0	""" It 's not personal . """
tr	3	Her frayed mind whirled around a single thought , faster and faster , polishing it to a weighty obsession .
tr	2	~ Asleep in his bed , Arthur Cobb felt a gentle tickle at his throat .
tr	0	he shook her off impatiently .
tr	4	""" Sorry this took so long , "" a young sounding voice over the phone , "" had us baffled for quite a while ."
tr	0	Who else could they be ?
tr	4	He had sent him to their consolidated supply warehouse in Paducah to bring back every single mine of any type they could find .
tr	0	Finan pressed his horse to move faster .
tr	4	Brazen spent considerable time trying to figure out if he was the good man doing nothing , or part of the evil .
tr	3	He was afraid that , as tired as he was , he would fall and break his leg .
tr	3	That was something he knew of , only his chains were not of stone , but blood .
tr	5	""" The manor 's staff is well aware of her ' mental condition ' and they have orders to apprehend her if she attempts an escape ."
tr	3	The journey he would take would be a long one for us though not as long for him .
tr	5	We are both lost , tears sliding down our faces , stomachs stitching up , our manic laughter peeling out and fretting the birds nearby .
tr	2	Up to then , she 'd been so sweet and gentle like .
tr	1	Kayla was still very young and I felt responsible for her .
tr	2	My blood and dried vomit pigment the water then wash down the drain .
tr	3	If they needed the lock doors to open , they could deal with that issue later .
tr	0	Not since Pam died .
tr	3	""" You 'll stay in one of the maids ' rooms , "" her great-grandfather added ."
tr	2	She ran after him with sandwiches , or a hat , or something .
tr	0	' Here 's the first file . '
tr	4	""" Don 't talk with him , don 't ask him questions , don 't tell him why , just shoot the bastard ."
tr	2	He was the captain and he ran the ship as he saw fit .
tr	0	Not everyone survives the infection process .
tr	2	""" Immediately "" turned out to be a quarter of an hour later ."
tr	2	""" In any case , I am hungry and I smell supper . """
tr	1	I apologize for sounding so callous but I have little option .
tr	4	He had a scar that ran right down his face , from eye to chin , that snaked across nose and mouth .
tr	4	Ear splitting sirens suddenly echoed through the complex as red and yellow spinning lights rotated wildly , creating a dizzying effect .
tr	3	"An ' yet ... on the other hand ... "" He turned to look up at the captain ."
tr	2	Sidney seemed to think about that for a moment before she shook her head .
tr	3	""" I 'm worried he 'll become overwhelmed with emotions he 's never had to deal with ."
tr	3	Sorry to get you out of bed but something has come up which you need to know about .
tr	5	"Michael and Ben felt the rays on their skin and they felt as if they could literally hold them in the palms of their hands . """
tr	0	""" What stunt ? """
tr	1	""" And you don 't have any theories about what happened ?"
tr	2	""" If there 's anyone home , we can find out about our caretakers . """
tr	3	"You should have seen the show when Kevin and Gary got married , "" he winked at Taylor ."
tr	3	At the turn Tony was up by a couple of shots on the rest of them .
tr	4	Lost and cold , they sat in the snow , staring helplessly at the sodden tree branches they had collected .
tr	2	""" I had noticed , and I am glad of it . """
tr	3	I focus on the energy of my brothers , amazed at how tight and locked each are .
tr	2	Finan watched Rafe finger the edge of the parchment before him again and waited .
tr	1	He simply had to get out every day for a while .
tr	5	The men were drooling over her and she doubt they heard a word she said but she had to keep them occupied until Roberto rescued the men .
tr	2	""" We don 't have anything to cut the shirts with . """
tr	3	""" You have to understand , Grand still wanted revenge for the death of his father ."
tr	1	""" That 's what I don 't want you to see ."
tr	3	""" My people tell me that the NRA website has crashed , "" she continued as the President nodded ."
tr	5	"Many of them are already intimately familiar with the ground from hunting , farming , and other more nefarious activities such as poaching or growing marijuana . """
tr	0	Life was good for right now .
tr	2	""" They only have a few coins , no jewels at all ."
tr	1	"I said , "" Skipper drop that , right now . """
tr	5	""" Evolution can be slowed but not stopped for along with spirituality there are other forces at work such as higher reasoning that drives mankind relentlessly forward ."
tr	1	Five agents tentatively stepped out of the broken window .
tr	4	"And if they don 't , I 've fielded a dozen other requests , with more coming in daily . """
tr	1	""" Thanks , I just got it last weekend ."
tr	1	There was never a dull moment with him around .
tr	3	""" I am painting rings in the water with my feet , "" Lilly replied enthusiastically ."
tr	1	' Do you understand any of this stuff ? '
tr	1	I know , I know ... pure genius .
tr	4	Landing with destructive force , the warlock bashes his glowing fist on the ground , a shockwave of displaced stone rocking the entire room .
tr	1	Lord Rafe was a kind , generous man .
tr	0	But she wasn 't here .
tr	2	We did , our feet carrying us through the throng of party-goers .
tr	1	Lord Brogan listened to the husky tones in appreciation .
tr	2	"He 'll basically just sit in the chair like this and behave himself . """
tr	5	Hours later she had showered , made herself some breakfast and changed back into a sweat suit and trainers that she had upstairs in her bedroom .
tr	2	""" Pleased to meet you , young man , "" Mac said ."
tr	4	A torrent of money gushed from his mouth as he fell to his hands and knees , retching his previously eaten wealth .
tr	4	""" Well there 's nothing for that ; we just need to watch him and avoid interaction until his seconds arrive ."
tr	2	But his mother was so proud he just kept that to himself .
tr	2	""" OK Dad , we 're coming , "" she easily agreed ."
tr	3	She lifted the paper in the air , perplexed , angry , and bitter at this unknown Falcon .
tr	0	The summer is better for him .
tr	5	Once there , he found a nurse who happily informed him that her station computer showed that his mother was located upstairs in wing 2E .
tr	5	All the crew present , cabin boys and wenches , formed a circle around the table , curious to see who Scarborough would spin to kiss .
tr	3	David Williams my Director of Security informs me that you have come across something incredible in your travels .
tr	4	I replaced the picture on the desk and hastily left the lab , with the Trojan Keeper heading up the rear .
tr	0	How empty must the future look ?
tr	4	Torn between guilt and annoyance , Elaina resolved to keep her mouth shut no matter how demanding and rude he might be .
tr	2	Rafe chose to ignore his enjoyment and returned to the subject at hand .
tr	0	""" Just do as I say . """
tr	4	He had always disapproved of such liberties and so he drifted past them to find one of the heads near the forward battery .
tr	2	"They advertised for a governess , and she arrived on their doorstep . """
tr	3	All the agents started in fear , each taking a step back and nearly drawing their pistols .
tr	0	If they ever found a body .
tr	0	They moved through the open paddock gate .
tr	5	Being entirely honest , though , Mirai realized that she had neither idea nor right to judge what passed as normality in the ever-changing world .
tr	0	Scott chuckled at the playfulness .
tr	1	Rupert held up his hand to stop Alejo .
tr	0	She was pale and worn out .
tr	5	""" She reminds me of somebody , like I said , but I just can 't put my finger on it , "" Tori said ."
tr	5	' Oh , and by the way , not that I 'm rushing you or anything , but it looks like they 're closing on us . '
tr	2	Sarah cleaned Dan 's feet and ran her hands down all four of his legs .
tr	3	"Reggie turned back at Nathan , "" That is a very good recommendation , thank you ."
tr	1	He stopped suddenly and turned to face me .
tr	2	Adele turned the full power of her gaze upon both men and each bowed deeply .
tr	0	I passed the paper across to him .
tr	4	Halfway up the stairs leading to the throne room , another sacred incantation is murmured , and another influx of light engulfs her .
tr	2	' We should know within the next twenty-four hours if you develop any symptoms .
tr	4	I had worked out the watch schedule , it allowed each couple to spend time together and we could all share breakfast and supper .
tr	4	It had taken all his self-control not to leave earlier , so excited was he to tell Finn what he had overheard .
tr	4	"This kingdom cannot withstand another blight of darkness , "" she sighs , a tired expression stealing over her face ."
tr	3	""" You may write for ten more minutes , and you will finish it after lessons today . """
tr	2	The body on the first bed was that of a young woman .
tr	2	At first , I couldn 't find him ; the man was gone .
tr	1	At that moment , an explosion rocked the building .
tr	4	He wasn 't surprised to see the half-dozen or so motorcycles normally parked out front were off the road today .
tr	0	"Like in Seattle , and stuff ? """
tr	2	""" Well , you 'll get ' em tomorrow , "" he said ."
tr	2	""" When you tried to run away , when I stopped you ."
tr	5	""" Umm , just looking for something we saw in an old exhibit in the museum Dad , "" said Tim , looking a bit anxious ."
tr	3	I warmed them up in the microwave , not falling for Dad 's trick of changing the topic .
tr	4	Beginning to feel faintly dizzy from exertion , the boy collapses to the ground atop the strange stone emblazoned with the Triforce .
tr	1	""" I had a good feeling when I hired him ."
tr	4	Finally his senses sharpen and the ghoul has nearly reached striking range , dragging its blade and closing on the left .
tr	5	Every footstep on the stairs , every echo of a male voice , my heart rate spiked and visions of my death played with my emotions .
tr	1	"Do you see the differences between them ? """
tr	0	""" What did you ever do ? """
tr	0	He closed his eyes .
tr	0	""" Oh , okay . """
tr	5	That was the first time she got friction being a female rider and a non-native in this strange land , but it wouldn 't be the last .
tr	3	The feeling was like remembering the taste of your favorite food just before you tasted it again .
tr	1	""" The bitch is coming to us ! """
tr	0	Now no one was in sight .
tr	5	""" That is not what I meant , and you are not -- you saved me from it when you took that collar off . """
tr	0	I held back a sob .
tr	4	"Gema spread the blanket on the ground and kneeling on it said to Wendy , "" come kneel with me . """
tr	0	Just love those little guys .
tr	4	At first she had been too enthusiastic , encasing herself in a complete bubble that hugged tightly to her body .
tr	5	I hadn 't seen nor had anyone to talk to since I left Astor and felt almost giddy at the prospect of again making conversation .
tr	2	' Hey , he called us heroes , ' I said lightly .
tr	3	""" Ask what I know , that you don 't know , "" Lilly Ann cast her net ."
tr	5	It was cool to the touch now , but still slightly moist , and she laid it out on the bedside table to examine it .
tr	1	""" And just how do you expect to do that ? """
tr	0	She begged his advice .
tr	3	Men stood on ladders and scaffolding all around the ship with paintbrushes and buckets in hand .
tr	5	The force was so great it made the water around the barge shoot out in all directions and also blasted the barge from the surface .
tr	4	When they finally broke apart , her startled expression melted into the satisfaction of the cat that got the cream .
tr	3	"As she closed the door behind her , she heard him say , "" Charming , really !"
tr	1	' There 's a public telephone in the woods ? '
tr	4	Scott pulled his fingers out of the jammed trap then picked the metal object up and dangled it by the chain .
tr	2	Why did I feel like such a crab , pincers and all ?
tr	1	""" I 'm sure he 's fine . """
tr	1	""" You knew he had a master then ? """
tr	3	I sat munching on my bread for a few minutes before I finally glanced at the paper .
tr	4	""" The reason we have applied these limitations is in order to minimize wear and tear on electrical equipment and the dam turbines ."
tr	2	They retired late which made the sunrise seem to come that much earlier .
tr	3	The lights were on gleaming softly , the glow swallowed up as it raced into the gathering darkness .
tr	4	' Victor and I have both personally researched the extensive genealogy of the noble families of our two immortal societies .
tr	0	His smooth skin became rough , pitted .
tr	5	I pulled my riding hat off , the one with the gold circle on the top , and I shoved it on Preston 's skinny old head .
tr	0	""" I was trying to sleep . """
tr	1	"Why 'd they have to give me the headache ? """
tr	4	I 've lit a fine fire in the grate upstairs , so there 's no reason to kick up a fuss .
tr	3	He worried less about someone sneaking up on them with several dozen ravenous , desperate dogs roaming the area .
tr	4	I rushed away on wobbly legs , scared I 'd give in to my impulse to slam my tray of delights into their faces .
tr	0	"And check this out over here . """
tr	0	""" What did you just say ? """
tr	5	Although we don 't have much time we 'll coordinate with the West Yorkshire police and take down Avi 's entire group plus the illegals .
tr	3	I would also like to thank everyone who has , and continues , to stand by me through everything !
tr	0	"How alone must you feel ? """
tr	3	Rafe smiled and gripped her waist , pulling her from the chair to perch on his knee .
tr	2	she asked , pulling away her fingers , slick with her blood .
tr	4	For weak casters it takes longer , but for a Creator it will be a matter of weeks or days before they change .
tr	2	Military helicopters had flown in , armed troops spilling out and forming a perimeter .
tr	0	Isaac had not been swept away .
tr	3	Back at the cottage , a hot breakfast of scrambled eggs , biscuits and tea awaited him .
tr	5	One of them , throw himself over Lars , but he didn 't wait a second and sticks the knife in his shoulder , making blood everywhere .
tr	2	Chris recounted the story , embarrassed there wasn 't much to tell .
tr	0	""" Good luck . """
tr	1	But this was not what he 'd expected .
tr	5	All three rays of light were encased by streams of black smoke and they all joined into one source located opposite the sisters ' cabin .
tr	2	I certainly hope not , because it 's not for sale and never will be .
tr	2	Scott was sure the bear was only issuing a warning but it did not matter .
tr	1	' This is quite a collection , ' he said dully .
tr	0	""" Where are you going ? """
tr	3	Things should be bound in strait jackets and chains and locked in coffins and encased in cement .
tr	4	These Exiled , they were lying to sow seeds of doubt in his mind , of that much he was certain .
tr	0	""" Move around some ."
tr	5	Not that anyone really cared at that stage , but Washington , as always , was all about not loosing face and covering their tracks .
tr	0	""" How you doing ? """
tr	4	If he had expected this pessimistic utterance to restrain the man before him , he was destined to be disappointed .
tr	0	Gustav frowned and shook his head .
tr	4	It was a deliberate distraction : my mind was not quite ready to deal with the overwhelming subject of having survived my seventeenth death .
tr	3	Jess looked at the President for a long moment , sensing that something was not being said .
tr	5	""" Folks 'll pay a lot of money for a real shipwreck ... One guy wants the whole damn thing for the floor of his study ."
tr	0	""" Uh , yeah , wow ."
tr	3	Yet more palaces , still a part of the Versailles ' grounds , waited across those fields .
tr	4	At my best I could take no more than five , maybe one or two more if they are unskilled .
tr	3	My body moved with the sway of the train , but he leaned away from me at every turn .
tr	3	I can 't say I 've ever known three happier , healthier girls in all my life .
tr	2	They had no neighbors behind them just some woods bordering a neighboring farm .
tr	3	""" Even if that nation only pays a few million dollars , every bit will help ."
tr	0	""" I knew it !"
tr	1	He unwrapped one of the biscuits and bit into it .
tr	0	"I can feel it . """
tr	3	Hopefully we will have found the Falcon and left this place long before she comes of age .
tr	3	""" I will follow his tracks to their finish as sure as the sun will rise tomorrow ."
tr	5	With her heart hammering loudly , Claire yanked her head up and she scanned the approaching faces until she located the source of the voice .
tr	3	Not a word was said , but one by one they each stole glances at one another in amazement .
tr	3	I look at the girl , who was still a girl even when she wasn 't .
tr	0	We won 't let Grand touch you .
tr	5	""" Well , I don 't have any bottles for the bottle rockets , so I just need you to hold onto them until they launch . """
tr	2	I blinked fresh blood out of my eyes and twisted on my knees .
tr	0	She paced their cabin nervously .
tr	1	""" She should be downstairs on the couch . """
tr	4	He stopped in front of me , opened his mouth to say something , took a look around , and changed his mind .
tr	3	The weather girls ' predictions of a change in conditions already showed promise to be accurate .
tr	5	Finally reaching the Queen 's room , her hero delicately places her upon the bed , backing away for the moment to allow the servants access .
tr	1	She was wiped out , barely keeping herself together .
tr	2	I don 't suppose the younger brothers would go back and move the stove .
tr	0	"He was the key . """
tr	1	As she watched , she realized she was praying .
tr	5	One false action , one wrong movement , and he could destroy everything that was precious to him and that he was supposed to protect .
tr	0	Tears sprang to her eyes .
tr	3	Nathan was temporarily thrown off his tirade which he had rehearsed in detail over several days .
tr	5	Through the window , Uncle Virgil and Mr. Cantwell walked into her line of vision , heading for the park on the side of the house .
tr	2	They couldn 't digest real food anymore ; could only drink purified water .
tr	4	Once everyone understood , the three began to slowly and carefully crawl forward in the snow toward the sounds of strangers .
tr	3	""" I don 't know you , "" Toby said , eyeing the group as they walked ."
tr	2	Sarah broke three more eggs into a bowl and turned back to the stove .
tr	1	All this time , I believed he could 've been dead .
tr	3	With rough hands he took her chin in his hand turning her head to both sides .
tr	4	"An ' if our paths don ' cross again , it has been me pleasure gettin ' to know ya , young Christopher . """
tr	4	The Brother shook his head and sighed with the air of a man weary with the predictability of young people .
tr	0	"Your death will save thousands . """
tr	2	The immortals were the only ones who could have executed such a smooth assassination .
tr	4	Unlike the others , she was smooth , with a thick , blue-black locks which fell almost to her broad girdle .
tr	1	But right now that 's the furthest thing from my mind .
tr	3	She smiled to herself and ran her hands up and down the arms of the fur coat .
tr	3	""" That basically means that we 're flying over there in case some shit goes down ."
tr	4	It 's your property , you pay the mortgage , and taxes , you maintain , improve , and protect it .
tr	4	"It 's nice to be able to back off a bit at last but having Robbie in Brunei had made a huge difference . """
tr	5	Like so many villages in Bavaria , its clustered whitewashed buildings and predominantly red roofs created a pleasing contrast to the forest greenery around it .
tr	4	It was a grey day outside as they walked together down the long laneway to the stone house at the entrance to the estate .
tr	2	A feast was prepared under the blue heavens for all to enjoy .
tr	0	Was that even his home ?
tr	1	On the Metro ride home we didn 't say a word .
tr	3	""" Go on , you take it , "" he shot back , shoving the cup into her hands ."
tr	2	"We learned much later from a friend that they never even missed the plane . """
tr	2	happened before I came home from Pakistan , we never really talked about that .
tr	3	Now that the dragon had flown away , he was going out to check on the Colonel .
tr	1	She headed out the door for school after breakfast .
tr	0	The woman knelt down across from Sarah .
tr	2	The sound of soft breathing reached me from the other end of the line .
tr	5	That seemed to satisfy Dr. Tudor and Mickey spent a few more seconds with the controls on her tablet , turning the screen behind her to static .
tr	1	""" We 're not ready for company yet . """
tr	1	"We 'll see you boys on Monday . """
tr	2	I felt that I was choking in my pain , but what could I do .
tr	4	Anyway , I make a bow at it , move along my way , making some people staring at me , and laugh .
tr	0	I felt my blood grow cold .
tr	3	Her gun in her hand , she made a quick scan of the forecourt before touching him .
tr	2	We hadn 't lived together as man and wife for a long time .
tr	2	Scott looked down at the little girl 's face and saw pleading there .
tr	1	"It 's not in your nature to take life . """
tr	1	George gazed into the fire the single malt warming his stomach .
tr	0	Sarah found Seamus in the back bedroom .
tr	2	Toby was peering back at him , grinning and obviously proud of himself .
tr	4	There is a group at the top that sees nothing wrong with turning America once again into a peasant society .
tr	3	He coughed and took a rasping breath , a stream of red bubbles staining his lips .
tr	0	""" Sit down . """
tr	5	She wore a long riding skirt , a white ruffled blouse and a short Mexican style overcoat , together with some really expensive looking riding boots .
tr	4	""" Why 'd you get caught in that storm and end up on the island , then , if you 're so clever ? """
tr	3	The lights of a great city , built on either side of the river , appeared before them .
tr	1	I 'd watched just enough spy thrillers with my dad .
tr	5	"He moved to protest , but she cut him off , "" Just because you 're not drinking , doesn 't mean no one else can . """
tr	1	"He said he came alone , like . """
tr	1	asked George his breath curling away into the night .
tr	1	' That 's a Swiss dialling code . '
tr	5	The four of us decide to rest for a while , so we all crowd in under the canopy , and what a difference this blanket makes .
tr	2	Alejo could picture Stalin shaking his head , scraggly hair dragging over his bulky shoulders .
tr	2	"Cody , do you mind going for some fire wood with Farmer ? """
tr	4	""" Yes - go straight to the first suited agent we see and tell him there 's a threat to the Vice President . """
tr	0	But why should he even do that ?
tr	3	She reached her left hand out and felt up and down the bark of the tree .
tr	3	He reached down , and she thought he might take the bracelet , but he grabbed only his blankets .
tr	4	"The elevator core is made of concrete and reinforced steel ; that 's the only place that can save us from the blast . """
tr	2	Somebody -- no , two people -- had entered the room while she read .
tr	2	Three sides were already clean and they could see symbols in the silvery metal .
tr	4	Brazen expected the mayor to come with an escort but did not expect it to be as large as it was .
tr	0	""" Now , Eda !"
tr	5	Her voice had changed somehow , and the Prince realized that all the heat had gone out of it , leaving the sound cold and dispassionate .
tr	5	Chapter Fourteen Explanations Melody sat with her back to the wall under the front window looking like all the wind had been let out of her sails .
tr	2	""" You 're American , "" he said again , studying her face ."
tr	1	Seeing the worried eyes of his friend made him glance around .
tr	3	Reid dropped to his heels a short distance away , in the lee of a white van .
tr	1	Spade and Farmer looked at each other rolling their eyes .
tr	4	The room just inside the door was cramped , graced with a burnt orange couch with torn upholstery and a few armchairs .
tr	4	It wasn 't just a clearing , it was a splendid garden , complete with an impressive portico whose columns dripped with blooming flowers .
tr	2	"He spluttered , "" The child -- threw -- things at me !"
tr	2	Pierre and Enrico stepped aside as he opened the door for her .
tr	0	"I wonder what it opens . """
tr	1	A deceased employee had never walked the halls of NET before .
tr	2	He wanted to see what was going on at the front door .
tr	0	""" Or any news at all ? """
tr	0	Seth couldn 't recall .
tr	5	Then it would be Jonesy 's job to match her tumbling , and gently bring the craft down to where he thought was the best landing site .
tr	5	Speaking of editors , I know this book would have been much harder to read if I didn 't have Rhonda Skinner edit it for me .
tr	4	I 've come to believe nature intended men and women to be in harness , working together as we have .
tr	2	I haven 't done one yet today , but I 'll learn it before dinner .
tr	0	Always a good excuse .
tr	0	As alone as the hunger will allow .
tr	4	He shuffled back down the bed , rested his head on the pillow , and took my hand in his .
tr	0	Tennis shoes , not wide .
tr	3	Please , don 't start to look after me ; I 'm to upset to talk with you .
tr	5	In the middle of a detailed discussion of genetically altered diseases beginning to sweep away entire populations in days , shouts erupted in the background .
tr	2	The black creatures were a new threat they were unprepared to deal with .
tr	3	""" If you keep breaking the rules and taking short cuts it 's bound to catch up with you ."
tr	5	Over the next few months , I , along with a few other of my brethren , shall be raiding several Spanish settlements along the coast .
tr	3	""" They 're looking to question an unknown female who was seen standing over the body . """
tr	2	Trae grabbed Lena around the waist and sprang from the edge of the road .
tr	3	"The frequency of your thoughts directly draws to you the matching frequency content in your life experience . """
tr	0	""" Okay , Brandon ."
tr	2	Most sane people would not choose to be out in this weather , he thought .
tr	0	""" Gave it his all ."
tr	1	No way would Dad work with a homicidal pastry chef .
tr	5	She had never driven a horse-drawn wagon before and it felt awkward trying to control the pony without the use of her legs or seat .
tr	0	"Wait a minute . """
tr	0	Jessica asked , confused .
tr	5	""" What is thy bidding , my mas -- "" "" I told you to knock that crap off , "" said the Shadow President ."
tr	2	I stepped out from behind the bush , my feet itching to run .
tr	2	""" He was introduced to you as Lord Rafe , I believe . """
tr	2	"He looked up , "" shit you don 't even see a plane ."
tr	4	Since none knew the truth of King Martin 's death , we were fugitives among those who should 've been friends .
tr	0	"I 'm hit ! """
tr	4	I 'm sure everyone has noticed that although a barter system may meet our basic needs it makes it rather difficult to conduct business .
tr	2	"He said , "" Yeah but they also say ... satisfaction brought it back ."
tr	4	Maybe wasn 't such a good idea to visit him , and I was guided just by a silly dream , a plan .
tr	5	""" Bit risky , Robbie , if the other guy comes out we 're screwed , if he makes a noise we 're equally screwed ."
tr	4	I stood outside in the tiny front yard , hoping our neighbors in the apartment building wouldn 't peek out their windows .
tr	1	""" What do I know about being a mommy ? """
tr	2	Only a fool would think it romantic to marry a complete stranger .
tr	2	He remained undecided for a moment longer and then suddenly strode after her .
tr	2	This land they all knew and with luck , it would also serve them well .
tr	4	""" Very good report , Lieutenant Myers , "" said Anderson to the pensive young man in front of him ."
tr	2	""" If it please you , I wish to speak with Lady Adele . """
tr	2	""" Alas , my sister and I are alone in the world . """
tr	2	"I said , "" Linda says you have something to tell me . """
tr	0	The hand of God in their lives .
tr	4	For the glory of the Empress , the glory of the Diamond Throne , the glory of Her Legacy and Her Will .
tr	2	A couple of students strolled down the steps from the floor above .
tr	5	Once done they sat down into a pair of weathered chairs and Mal 's face dropped the usual stern demeanor replacing it with a grave seriousness .
tr	3	Finally , we settled on standard so were left with almost a two and a half wait .
tr	5	He left them at the end of the wall farthest from , but still in sight of , the door on the side of the building .
tr	3	How had he been taken , and to what purpose had he been held for so long ?
tr	5	""" That 's awful , "" exclaimed one , "" How terrifying "" said another , and the crowd of men all gasped in unison ."
tr	3	I tried to scramble to my feet , but excruciating pain caused spots to tango in front of me .
tr	1	Fiona approached with two tin cups of tea .
tr	5	He waited for what he thought was an acceptable amount of time , even though he couldn 't be sure before he tried to answer .
tr	1	He slapped Taylor on the back , almost knocking him over .
tr	3	I saw the guy walk by on the sidewalk this morning , when I was setting up the caf .
tr	4	' I hate to rain on your touching parade here folks , but I think we should get moving , ' said Anatole .
tr	2	It was the stranger from the boat wreck who barely remembered his name .
tr	0	""" A sign for what ? """
tr	0	This is a first .
tr	4	He sheathed Malachi and with three quick movements of the dagger she was free , the bonds cut from her wrists and ankles .
tr	4	"I was scared and fell in my knees but I could not touch her just see and hear her : "" Why ?"
tr	1	It was nearing dark when they finally reached the last alleyway .
tr	1	He sipped his coffee , his eyes still on mine .
tr	2	Well , the only purpose I know of is to keep from selling the land !
tr	1	""" Go on back , Victoria arrived some time ago . """
tr	2	Seconds later , I reached the next landing and opened the fire door .
tr	4	""" I think we can cover our tracks as we help Toby learn , and avoid the bulk of Alfred 's monitoring schemes . """
tr	2	In seconds , he was nearly through the bone , as he began to slow .
tr	3	The words drove ice into my veins and rage into my soul ; Fuchs was going to rape Mercedes .
tr	3	Ahh , but if they only knew what we were after , the reason we come ta this place .
tr	2	The henhouse was a dingy gray and a distinct odor wafted between its walls .
tr	1	Our mother was the only one who could ever control her .
tr	0	""" The ghost is a myth . """
tr	3	I was always suspicious of engineering officers who didn 't have dirt or grease under their fingernails .
tr	1	I 'm in one of those moods again .
tr	2	Finally , he looked at me but still couldn 't find my eyes .
tr	3	There , waiting amid a wide grove of towering trees , was the chateau of the Faith .
tr	1	Gabe 's voice is heavy , skewed by the pillow .
tr	4	Still reclining against the wall , Ganondorf makes no attempt to approach the scout , eyeing him thoughtfully as he endures the lasting pain .
tr	5	By the day after tomorrow Connie will have been there three days and assures us we will have all the intel we 're going to need .
tr	1	A hurried grinding noise sounded inside as the door quivered .
tr	2	He really believed it would stop hurting him as soon as she ceased to exist .
tr	2	""" So I 'll call him Star , "" he said happily ."
tr	4	We met Jeffery and Linda on the dock and got into the pickup , two armed men climbed in the bed .
tr	1	Why was Toby leaving the building in the first place ?
tr	1	You can always tell by the look in their eyes .
tr	2	"Then she added , "" Don 't do anything to Noah 's parents ."
tr	2	There was already a team staking out the store and a tap on the phone .
tr	2	She had no choice but to use her real identity plus a credit card .
tr	4	Each link is farther away from the direct energy source , which means there 's a huge loss of energy .
tr	2	He was sitting , suddenly , gasping and leaning forward onto the pale blue blanket .
tr	5	In his River Sunday Romance Mysteries series , Tom honors the battles for love of land that have recurred over and over in the Chesapeake Bay .
tr	5	They had ten days of holiday left and I spent every night with them sailing port to port and meeting loads of other people . '
tr	3	Cade was fairly sure he had never seen her this scared before , which was astounding .
tr	5	""" Life will definitely not be boring with her around , "" he thought as he smiled , his eyes lingering on her enticing bosom ."
tr	5	""" If you were in on Melissa 's plan your body 's subconscious system would 've betrayed you when you moved toward Vivian with the knife ."
tr	3	It will not be long , I fear , before they begin to search the mountain passes .
tr	0	""" Hello Scott . """
tr	3	"I don 't want the ambassador running into him in the outer office ; angry words might ensue . """
tr	5	"Bax looked to the folded dodger , "" I reckon we 'll keep a low profile and just walk out of here as pretty as we please ."
tr	4	""" I promise you ; the day we wed no one will have any doubt as to my perfect satisfaction with my groom . """
tr	3	Misty said Sarah couldn 't wait to see him again , while Chris stared daggers at his mother .
tr	5	The hosts were saddened by the departure of their guests , and the guests did not want to show their eagerness to return to Italy .
tr	4	It was less than ten minutes before the black van pulled in off the main road , stopped and backed up to the dock .
tr	0	' Can I have your sword ? '
tr	1	""" Don 't even answer their stupid questions . """
tr	4	"You think you can carry Liquid Light past the security dogs , before you actually make it to the tube ? """
tr	2	He heard another low throaty growl and knew the bear was close by .
tr	1	"Can I stay in the van and play with it ? """
tr	0	Aimee grabbed the napkins .
tr	4	The next day they placed Harald 's body in a coffin and began an all-day procession to the Church of Vana .
tr	0	Why was he hesitating ?
tr	1	A good spy does not let emotions cloud her mission .
tr	2	She strode out and closed the door on Barbara 's soft laugh .
tr	1	She said she prayed they were , too .
tr	5	That anyone was even now questioning the justice in incarcerating the criminals that had been responsible for many of those deaths was incredible , Paul thought .
tr	2	Well , she thought , he 's not shy , stupid , or mute .
tr	1	""" Let 's see if they like some American music . """
tr	4	""" It looks like Mickey is ready to start , "" McCutcheon announced , bringing the low-level chatter to a gradual halt ."
tr	4	"I think the worse the name he calls you by , the more pleased he is with what you have done . """
tr	4	When he finally revealed the metal beneath , he discovered two of them were silver , the remaining three gold .
tr	1	""" What the ... , "" Cody started without a thought ."
tr	0	That man 's name was Canton Fox .
tr	4	He doesn 't understand just how hard some people will fight if you take away everything they 've got to lose .
tr	4	It 's because I see you are making a mistake and I want to spare you that , but you 're right .
tr	3	""" He can be ... well , sometimes it 's just better not to tell him things . """
tr	2	Anna brushed a hand through her hair and squared her shoulders determinedly .
tr	3	Take the goods to the dock , mind , and the next crew will be waiting for you there .
tr	0	""" The bastards are getting away ! """
tr	0	"bloody daylight robbery ! """
tr	3	""" Then there are the birds you want to train to hunt , the proud , dangerous birds ."
tr	4	An intuitive transformation begins , though Zelda doesn 't spend even a second considering the deeper meaning of her actions .
tr	4	"He faced the machine , "" T , how are we to communicate with the Romans and why are they speaking English ? """
tr	3	We could see servants shuffling about , performing chores , and generally seeing to the royal horses .
tr	2	Their struggling was fierce , and very soon both were covered in wet soil .
tr	4	My sisters didn 't want anyone to know about me , and time has proven them successful in their endeavors .
tr	4	If you want a scanner you will have to take along one of my boys to make sure you bring back something useful .
tr	0	There is no future for us .
tr	1	""" Back room , "" Arthur choked out ."
tr	4	~ Chris wasn 't at all surprised to read the article his mother had cut out and left on the table for him .
tr	4	""" Sit down , apparently we have to do this the grownup way , "" she was not happy about his slow comprehension ."
tr	0	Not a single poster on the wall .
tr	5	My mind is so fogged , the need so great that I 'm not sure just how much control I wield over my own limbs .
tr	5	Grinning widely , the phantom continues his workout routine just the same , his duty requiring him to wait for an answer before taking any action .
tr	3	Dim light was radiating from an out of place looking device in the middle of the desktop .
tr	0	This round was not about a hostage .
tr	2	Of course , that they were real silver and real gold was only a guess .
tr	4	Given the overwhelming amount of evidence , he will , of course , be found guilty and executed for his crime .
tr	2	""" John , please stop asking me that , "" Sarah said ."
tr	1	"Iain was killed by someone he knew . """
tr	2	There was a slight pause , and then Rand gave an abrupt nod .
tr	1	Dear Mr. Peters , or may I call you Aaron ?
tr	5	"They might be waiting in nearby villages , hoping that their lack of presence in town will encourage us out of hiding "" directed Beppe ."
tr	3	He was lost somewhere deep in his own unhappy thoughts , experiencing a pain of which she knew nothing .
tr	4	He opened it and placed it on the ground , brushing his hands over the paper to smooth out the wrinkles .
tr	5	""" This isn 't about the win , you idiot , "" she rasped , hunched over , with her hands resting on her thighs ."
tr	4	His dark armor does little to deny his probable sinister nature as he rests both hands on the blades sheathed on his thighs .
tr	0	I knocked on the door .
tr	2	Clouds passed over the moon , casting a shadow over the city of lights .
tr	3	Now I grinned as a I glimpsed the monks ' carriage in the trees by the path .
tr	0	""" You sure ? """
tr	0	More locked grilles appeared in our path .
tr	5	The rooms still have clothes in them , but there are no personal items that we can find to identify who might have been living here .
tr	2	' I have to do this , ' I whispered against her lips .
tr	0	' Yes , it is .
tr	1	""" He 's making the nails , "" he said ."
tr	4	But mostly , he needed a plan , needed a way to smoke out those who had stolen the Lady Grace away from him .
tr	2	"I have to leave the door open or they might suspect . """
tr	0	It was followed by a wild cackle .
tr	1	His words left a trail of dread wrapping around my body .
tr	0	""" What 's in the lockers ? """
tr	4	The now sweetly familiar and strangely intoxicating scent of oranges wafted from her hair and the skin on her nape inches from my face .
tr	3	For a while , they stood there , the thumping of his heart in her ears .
tr	1	The gun and the sword clattered out of his grip .
tr	5	There , up above , like the stars being revealed by the setting sun , hundreds of tiny green lights blazed across the roof of the cave .
tr	2	Our children have not been raised with the luxuries of electricity or modern frills .
tr	4	It satisfied a streak in him that he much preferred to the character he was obliged to display the rest of the time .
tr	0	""" I 'll ride Johnny ."
tr	5	The first charge of the enemy cavalry came from the ranks where the fluttering banners proclaimed the colors of the Yellow Knight and the Brown Knight .
tr	4	""" I am not permitted to displace anyone within five hundred years of that time until those memories are restored , Rick . """
tr	3	The FBI wouldn 't think twice about stealing Alfred 's golden eggs , if only they could be produced .
tr	4	True to Jacob 's count , three men waited in the stirrups of chargers , and the valet stood among them , strategizing .
tr	3	""" It 's going to be all right , everything is going to be all right . """
tr	1	A branch snaps behind me , and I shiver .
tr	1	A grim smile dawned on the immortal 's lips .
tr	1	"Did you get to talk to Wendy at all ? """
tr	0	They were going to spend the night .
tr	5	They had to carefully watch the balance of their souls to not lose themselves in corruption and cruelty -- and Onyx was close , too close .
tr	5	He then touched the baby , her eyes opening wide at the new experience , and he ran his fingers from her head to her toes .
tr	4	By the time dusk fell over the city , Elaina was winding her hair up on her head and squashing the hat over it .
tr	0	What 's the trick ?
tr	1	""" What are you going to do with it ? """
tr	3	Beyond the tactical military side , the mission of a central security service becomes more complicated .
tr	0	""" And what of the girl ? """
tr	1	But a strange thing happened when the final beam fell .
tr	4	""" No , "" his sister said in answer , "" it is not a crime to think about the future ."
tr	2	And you 're a bulging muscle man with bronze skin , Jimmy thought to himself .
tr	1	Suddenly the significance of her remark dawned upon him .
tr	1	Rafe sat upright , holding his head in both hands .
tr	2	He 's expecting a retort back , but my throat has gone tight .
tr	5	""" The roof of the van was constructed so that it could be electrically lifted to create a space large enough to view the scenery ."
tr	0	""" What happened to the man ? """
tr	0	""" Portable Two to base . """
tr	3	""" You weren 't down the beach like usual , so I thought you might be up here ."
tr	2	I tried the door handle ; it twisted easily in my grip .
tr	2	Glancing over the dune , he looked down at the conflagration below .
tr	4	He saw two large bags of dog food and after slinging the duffle across his body , picked the bags up on his shoulders .
tr	1	He held it in shaking hands , pointed at the stranger .
tr	4	He frowned a moment , thinking it wasn 't right for him to resent those who showed up at the wreck .
tr	0	' May we come in please ? '
tr	1	He suddenly slowed down and his shoulder sagged .
tr	5	The two friends headed down the path to the stables , but stopped for a minute to pet a couple of the horses in the corral .
tr	2	The hot coffee worked its magic to get Taylor 's brain into gear .
tr	1	We 're the only family we 've got left .
tr	2	' Maybe it wasn 't him they were after , ' I murmured .
tr	1	Rafe nodded , but his face was still troubled .
tr	1	The faded pinstriped sheets and lumpy pillows were still waiting .
tr	1	""" Should we get an ultrasound in here ? """
tr	1	"head wound ... "" "" Found me ? """
tr	3	Sweat covered him , dripping down his neck and his arms and moistening his undershirt and tunic .
tr	4	A faint but eerily familiar noise reached my ears above the clatter of the rotors and the blood pounding in my head .
tr	0	""" When are we eating ?"
tr	0	""" Why are we stopping here ?"
tr	2	""" Open it and you shall likely see that which is familiar . """
tr	4	There was one last howl , like a demon getting his tooth yanked by the meanest barber in the world .
tr	3	""" I waited so long for this project , is like a dream came true . """
tr	4	I trudged back to my room and curled up into a ball in my closet near the box of special mementos .
tr	1	He shook his head and looked at the cottage .
tr	3	""" Nothing , "" Fritz winked at him , "" Just think of me once in a while ."
tr	5	I knew what he was looking for more than he did and when he saw it , I sat up in my Chevy and tensed .
tr	1	* * * Ryan and I sit down for lunch .
tr	5	In this wilderness , touching Frank 's carefully shined shoes , were a mass of violets mixed with English ivy , their spring blooms long gone .
tr	2	Leaning against the wall , I breathed deep and tried to calm my beating heart .
tr	2	"You 're ... "" "" I 'm an ass , that 's who I am !"
tr	3	Something you could eat - right after you ripped it out of a man 's chest .
tr	2	The leaves of this incredible new tree were as blue as every other growing thing .
tr	3	Appetizers were served on lavish porcelain platters and everyone wanted Taylor to try their favorite treats .
tr	5	Sarah said a silent prayer of thanks to whatever gods were watching over them , although she was not sure why she felt such relief .
tr	4	When Adele next entered the room her dress had been replaced with something much warmer and of a more sober dark blue .
tr	5	That left her enough time for experimenting with new potions and improving those she already had , something she didn 't have enough time for before .
tr	0	""" I 'm going to check inside ."
tr	2	""" Maybe I didn 't strike the right tone , "" he admitted ."
tr	1	""" Where do you sleep in the wintertime Sidney ? """
tr	2	""" You weren 't exactly moving , dude , "" Carlos remarked ."
tr	1	The creases come out , and his mouth sets .
tr	3	""" Yes , that is my name , and a heavy burden it has always been to me . """
tr	0	It was the hood of some sedan .
tr	0	""" Okay , stop . """
tr	1	' I don 't know , ' I replied carefully .
tr	3	We waved in greeting , but he appeared not to see us and continued into the institute .
tr	5	Before anything more could be said , the other German noticed Angelique 's open eyes , said something in German and yanked her to her feet .
tr	5	In her haste , she didn 't notice that she had left the Crown Phoenix typewriter sitting out in the middle of the attic room floor .
tr	1	"And get this , a runner just went missing yesterday . """
tr	4	""" I will bond myself to a warrior and sing of his deeds ... "" "" And to which warrior ? """
tr	0	"Blah , blah , blah . """
tr	0	Things are still tense in the room .
tr	5	Both trails are generally established and safe , although throughout the years there have been occasional reports of fatal accidents and injuries , especially on the Sto .
tr	0	""" His girl ? """
tr	0	She looked much healthier though .
tr	0	They 'll probably be back tomorrow .
tr	0	David thought for a few moments .
tr	3	She always woke up blushing and yanking her blankets up so he wouldn 't see her in her camisole .
tr	1	You must come in to look at the pictures .
tr	5	""" I am sworn to an oath of respect as well as protection , "" he points out , standing up strait and relaxing a little ."
tr	1	""" Whatcha think , isn 't she a beauty ?"
tr	1	So for today I 'm just going to use beginner skills .
tr	2	""" If Finan needs to rest then he must rest , "" he replied ."
tr	2	He could make out the shadowy outline of the black bear against the brush .
tr	4	A figure came from it and crashed into the lake and soon after , the patterned light vanished into the nothing it came from .
tr	0	Gabe whines but his feet slide off .
tr	3	' Oh yes ' I said , feigning shock , ' and what 's the purple one for ? '
tr	3	""" Maybe this is no different than when Europeans started showing up in Asia , "" Lukas mused ."
tr	3	This wolf was a new turn of events and he wished to hear all that was said .
tr	3	I trembled , trying to build the courage to ask what secretly my heart wanted , needed to know .
tr	5	He 's important in the tribe , though ; before his father died , he built his horse herd up to one of the largest and best .
tr	5	She wrapped her weapons carefully , and laid them into the bottom of one of the trunks Marja was apparently expecting her to fill with her belongings .
tr	2	If they persist in this try and get a location from the Scouts .
tr	2	If they could just reach the large cavern they could duck behind the drapery .
tr	5	Ricky closed his eyes and felt the warm glow of the stones long after they would have passed from view and knew what he had to do .
tr	0	But she was right .
tr	0	Abe echoed my sentiments .
tr	2	The sheriff almost choked on his coffee when he started to laugh .
tr	1	Sarah saw a shadow cross the back window .
tr	3	I will promise that I will try to get along with a psycho , only for her sake .
tr	5	Unfortunately , creating more debt and deficit spending was not an answer to the largest ' credit bubble ' that had ever been created in history .
tr	5	The cab 's heater was on and a paper beaker of Starbuck 's skinny latte steamed in the cup holder next to a half eaten low-cal muffin .
tr	2	An epoch after that , the knife was removed from behind Arthur 's ear .
tr	5	"You are not realizing how much I worried and ... "" "" Listen , who the hell are you to tell me what to do ?"
tr	2	The high ceiling was golden with beams the size of oak trees .
tr	3	Adele nodded slowly , as though trying to convince herself that what he said was true .
tr	2	"She said , "" Don 't tell me you 're starting too . """
tr	3	""" Welcome to planet Earth , Lilly , "" Lilly Ann spoke the first words her daughter would hear ."
tr	3	Returning to Logan , I wiped away what blood I could and wrapped the cut as tightly as possible .
tr	0	Taylor announced to his travel mates .
tr	1	Then you can pour the coffee into small cups .
tr	0	Musing isn 't the right word .
tr	3	I looked into the eyes of my co-workers , pleading for someone to take my side .
tr	5	It was a dry march , the sun was baking the soil , and there were no clouds , dry leaves started to falling upon them .
tr	5	The Empty Handed : Some Foes Have Righteous Causes Another long groan fills the air as the cattle lazily shuffle out of the dim barn .
tr	0	I was just having fun .
tr	4	Sitting with his legs crossed in his lap , the ninja 's back reclines against the small chest , his position suggesting meditation .
tr	5	""" Yes , apparently my brother and his wife have separated and the boys are being shuffled from parent to parent during the long vacation ."
tr	1	"We go in , we take him out . """
tr	0	I studied her pale face anxiously .
tr	3	Vulcan slouched a little lower as the rounds slammed into the broken concrete wall he was using for cover .
tr	1	""" Wow , you actually think you 're funny ."
tr	5	"You are just being in a mess a little bit , "" she said , putting her hand over my clamped fist on the table ."
tr	4	""" We have forgotten the use of the bow , in years of hand-to-hand fighting , but we can learn again . """
tr	2	She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen , bar none .
tr	3	I needed to stop thinking of being a spy as James Bond and 007 and all that .
tr	4	He figured out how to tighten the cinch then pulled on the saddle first to see if it would hold his weight .
tr	0	"Billy answered , "" He did ."
tr	0	Where was the media ?
tr	0	He was alive for nearly two days !
tr	1	"She cheerfully asked then , "" When do we go ? """
tr	5	"Sneak preview of Abomination Spear Bearer : Book Two Chapter 1 -- The Crown of Stars "" You have the first watch , "" Mr. Long said ."
tr	5	As he closed the door Scott looked at the driver to see his brother 's eyes were the size of silver dollars and his face was ashen .
tr	5	"It 's been four months since we fought the gypsies and won and nine months since what people around here refer to as "" the Crisis . """
tr	4	It wasn 't until after they had completed a DNA test that he discovered something not announced in the news .
tr	4	Because I was holding his hands , his only option was to cry out in pain and drop to the floor .
tr	4	"Plus now 007 is getting all the advanced stuff the early commercial versions wouldn 't have for some time . """
tr	4	""" Neat , "" Lilly Ann interrupted , "" I have to come to Sudbury some time to play it with the kids ."
tr	4	""" That will be my job at the next big meeting , should we decide to go that way , "" said Reggie ."
tr	4	She should have been asleep , goodness knew she was tired , but somehow that oblivion was beyond her reach .
tr	1	Then Victoria realized we had missed the meeting .
tr	4	The details are sort of lost on me , especially when he starts jotting down some sort of equation on a napkin .
tr	2	Soft backpressure on the elevator control put distance between the wheels and the ground .
tr	5	Mason could not rely on Police support either ; the new Police Commissioner was out of his depth and just did as he was told .
tr	4	Rafe felt a sudden and uncomfortable sensation in the pit of his stomach , caused by the ruthless removal of all his solid facts .
tr	5	He was a pirate , strict and fierce , although she had seen a side of him that she doubted other people were privy to .
tr	5	""" Sir , with all due respect , I believe that neither option is the right one for us at this moment , "" Hawk replied ."
tr	2	"When that is done , we will be off on our walk . """
tr	5	He hadn 't proposed this to anybody else up to now and he hardly knew her , but he wanted her to be around him .
tr	2	We were the only ones whom King Ine could trust not to turn upon him .
tr	4	They both agreed that she must not do anything to attract their attention since they already had killed his second-in-command .
tr	2	Wings would be nice , but there are other ways to fly .
tr	4	* * * Gabe 's version of events : It was a dark and stormy night ... Yes it was ... .
tr	4	Inside the boathouse , the retractable floor to the sea below the ship had been opened , limiting available space .
tr	2	A light sea spray met her that was welcoming in the heat .
tr	3	He spoke to me of Logos , the life force , the word and the flow .
tr	2	Blackie was the smallest and friendliest and always available for a nose rubbing .
tr	3	""" That Lady Adele said that ... "" "" No , no ; after that . """
tr	5	""" But what about mum and grandmother aren 't they going to get worried when they find us gone , "" the brothers wanted to ask ."
tr	0	Then there was only darkness .
tr	0	The Hunter would not kill Reid .
tr	3	The road runs along the coast there 's a couple of town 's you 'll have to bypass .
tr	3	""" And the Lord Rafe who spoke to me just a moment ago was nothing like Finn . """
tr	4	When Nathan judged the time was right , he gave the signal , and fire erupted nearly simultaneously along the entire line .
tr	5	Also , once they get here they will need to get past the security system , and not even I know how to do that .
tr	3	I scramble up as she leaps off her branches and lands on the edge of mine .
tr	0	I am here with your brother .
tr	1	He looked up at Sarah and she nodded .
tr	5	By her calculations , eight hours had gone by since they left the vibrant garden city of Cochabamba , climbing higher and higher into the clouds .
tr	2	""" Yes , I sort of rattle around in it on my own ."
tr	2	""" And isn 't a duel for honor supposed to be an honorable occasion ? """
tr	1	Scott looked at the place where the two had disappeared .
tr	5	"This time , a narrow slice of land jutting into the bay that locals called "" Sully 's Rump "" was once again an island ."
tr	1	""" I 've seen her kind before , though ."
tr	2	David watched the three men observe him and felt , strangely , no fear .
tr	5	Rounds cut through the night toward the destroyer just as the first three-inch round went screaming over the cutter and landed a hundred yards away .
tr	2	""" Dad , I have a strong feeling she did not go backpacking ."
tr	1	Victoria squatted , placing her hands flat on the floor .
tr	2	"They have lost something , or , they wish to find something . """
tr	5	Bill paused , spat and , peering down at the spot where it had landed , seemed to be contemplating the import of his own conjecture .
tr	5	We won 't have any trouble figuring out Avi 's involvement in this and the illegals will be deported quickly to their country of origin ... ... .
tr	3	I filled one drum with diesel fuel even though it was already more than ten dollars a gallon .
tr	4	He moved forward to kneel by Finan 's inert form , shoulders slumped , and the hands he reached out to his friend shook .
tr	0	"We 're not safe here . """
tr	0	""" Are you a terrorist ? """
tr	5	The thought of himself a slave , dragged to the mines to be brutally used until an early , desperate death , sent a chill through him .
tr	5	""" I 've got some bad news for you Robbie , "" he said quietly , "" Dick Mason shot himself ... ... looks that way anyway ."
tr	1	""" I 'll live , "" he said hoarsely ."
tr	1	' We meet again , half-breed , ' he said calmly .
tr	2	But her heart surged to her throat , vibrating with what she realized was compassion .
tr	2	Tony sat in his Brixton office looking at the unidentifiable fax in front of him .
tr	4	"That would be very wise , wiser than I was when I was in your shoes , to include her . """
tr	0	The stranger subsided in his chair .
tr	1	I started to walk away , but Malcolm didn 't move .
tr	5	She made half a step forwards and added : - I don 't know who you are , but I know that I love you .
tr	0	This was a ranch , after all .
tr	5	Bob and Steve , on the other hand , probably have family and friends who will notice when they don 't show up for a while .
tr	4	The menorah dominated the lawn and was now overshadowed by the elaborate Christmas light displays in the lawns of his neighbors .
tr	4	Judging from the number of man-sized objects running around the area , he assumed that this site would also offer resistance .
tr	1	Droplets ran from the side of her mouth .
tr	0	Why a special camera ?
tr	0	""" Nothing , "" Chris replied ."
tr	2	Rafe leaning back in his chair fixed Finan with a mischievous smile .
tr	3	Taking a wrecking bar from the bench by the door he opened up the four crates .
tr	3	"She felt dizzy and said , "" I love you , "" which brought him to a fruitful climax ."
tr	0	The plan was under way .
tr	0	Her skin was still unblemished .
tr	1	Thin cuts and thicker furrows where the skin has grown over .
tr	4	"This is a curse , that 's all , "" he said , fingering the deeply etched lines on his upper chest ."
tr	5	For reasons I kind of understand now though didn 't at the time I had what turned out to be a sink or swim type of training .
tr	3	Anyone could do those , but it took something special to gain fame in the literary world .
tr	4	Soon everyone was in a terrible state , with only myself , Kayla and Alfonso to tend to the sick .
tr	3	"And I , uh , thought I could see where you live , maybe meet your parents . """
tr	1	Smoke curled from the suppressor on Reid 's gun .
tr	1	""" Aww , we 're sorry we scared you guys ! """
tr	0	A land called America .
tr	5	Following behind , Meatball ducked through the shallow opening , squeezed inside , and then took the box as Duke , Spike and Billy followed .
tr	2	Of course , the cloaked men had been seeking us at our lodgings .
tr	4	Bron recognised his master 's tone , and knew that he had better go about his master 's order without question or hesitation .
tr	3	The long , smooth muscles in her arms worked as she began to rock it back and forth .
tr	1	I raised the katana and blocked the fatal blow in time .
tr	4	And his eyes , looking at me , reflected in those fragments , a deeper blue than I 've ever seen them .
tr	3	I stand up , dizzy and weak , and drop the cat 's body into an alleyway dumpster .
tr	5	The remaining two men had spread out , waiting for the right moment to make a move , intending to come at Bax from different directions .
tr	5	The seemingly empty shells show no signs of life , but their massive war axes , clenched tightly in their hands , are far from inviting .
tr	2	""" Hey , Le : check out those moths over by the street ."
tr	3	She knew one thing above all else : the child stirring inside her would be High King .
tr	1	"Maybe -- "" "" Maybe , hell ! """
tr	3	Barbara , watching events with her strange , dark orange eyes , smiled to herself and said little .
tr	1	People fell down from exhaustion because the captain refused to stop .
tr	1	She looked at this rock of a little man .
tr	0	The soldier turned harassed eyes upon Finan .
tr	4	It wasn 't so much that she changed , really , she just became more of herself in every way .
tr	4	Sweat trickled down his ribs and he saw blackened fingers through tall white grass , fought the urge to gag .
tr	5	Another rifle through the bag produced a tub of powder , but for all Claire knew it was teething crystals or talc for the baby 's bottom .
tr	1	"Hard to tell the difference , I know . """
tr	0	' That was fast . '
tr	5	""" The magic of the Council of Elders makes it so that anyone without an Anchor is unable to see through the protections we have in place ."
tr	1	Isaac tugged again and drew me in from the corner .
tr	1	"They 're easy pickings for the angel . """
tr	1	Understanding exploded in my mind as her words sank in .
tr	2	After they returned to camp Scott went straight to the office and began his investigation .
tr	3	I reached him in time to see blood bloom across his shirt from a fresh bullet wound .
tr	3	I pressed my back up against the door , ready to kick any flying poultry that came at me .
tr	5	"Act like you 're meeting a king , do what I do , and you won 't offend anyone -- they 're a touchy people . """
tr	5	"Voice # 2 : "" If you had not blundered the first abduction attempt , you 'd not be in this predicament , would you ? """
tr	5	She had already applied the Rattlesnake skin oils to her pups , so they were safe from detection should any Snakes get into the burrows .
tr	2	"you gents get some kip , "" whispered George , "" and Harry ... . ."
tr	5	""" I 'll be down at the Mayfield Court House until tomorrow morning when I head back to Murray , and we need to talk . """
tr	5	The warmth of the soup and the love and care it was prepared and delivered with did wonders to Taylor 's physical and mental condition .
tr	5	Behind the bar , a walrus of a man stood polishing glasses while talking softly to a pair of wizened figures hunched on low wooden stools .
tr	4	""" We were talking about that cup of coffee , "" Miriam shot back , "" and how it was meant for Neil . """
tr	5	She opened the gym bag she was carrying and quickly changed from the gym clothes she was wearing into a business suit and high heeled shoes .
tr	3	The house , in the late sun , was immensely quiet , and he wondered where Neil was .
tr	1	George took the shell casing and looked at it carefully .
tr	4	Each of her words spreads perfume and music and she asks Please , learned one , will you help us ?
tr	0	His patience paid off .
tr	1	Alfonso had no qualms about resigning from his old ship .
tr	2	Images of me going splat on the cement floor flashed through my mind .
tr	2	In future , I would greatly appreciate it if you tried to follow them .
tr	1	What would it feel like to be a real teacher ?
tr	5	""" I saw the two of ye head this way when ye went off fer yer smoke , but I never seen him come back out . """
tr	1	' However , the question still remains , Lucas Soul .
tr	1	His wish makes the energy flow to get him the T-shirt .
tr	3	In return they and their families could enter the JP and settle in the park area .
tr	0	""" No way ! """
tr	1	an over-excited Christy shouted before they were even spotted .
tr	5	""" Look , I just don 't know what to do ... I mean ... umm should I do it ... the interview I mean ?"
tr	0	He was sure of that .
tr	4	He had said an inverted web that powerful would not work , because no one was strong enough to cast it .
tr	5	They looked a little embarrassed by this but Major Edwards - Mike still wasn 't sure if he was the Aussie or the Kiwi - was unconvinced .
tr	3	Phillip , Jacob , Logan , Eva , and I were eliminated right away for obvious reasons .
tr	2	""" I will keep that in mind , "" Taylor said jokingly ."
tr	0	""" You mean that ... ? """
tr	2	""" Oh , look , this is ridiculous , "" Neil finally said ."
tr	1	They have three adorable children and currently live in beautiful Cochabamba .
tr	1	' Forget I asked , ' he muttered .
tr	0	Anything you can tell me .
tr	4	She lives her own life , seems to dote on her daughter , obviously has her own source of income ... ... .
tr	1	There are quite a number of people on the ship .
tr	5	He winced as the healer began to clean the bleeding wound with one of her awful potions that she seemed to carry with her everywhere she went .
tr	5	He sat down in the chair vacated by Hill and , after a moment 's consideration , appropriated the cup of coffee that Hill had been drinking .
tr	0	""" Enough , "" intervened Rafe ."
tr	2	The next wave coming across the desolation of the wastelands would be to their rear .
tr	4	He 'd lost weight since he 'd retaken the throne , and the accumulated stress was more than visible in his haggard face .
tr	4	""" I had to do things I 'm not proud of , Elaina , I had to get you out of there !"
tr	3	Far below , beyond the house gardens , a deep , wide furrow plowed through the thick woods .
tr	1	""" "" He didn 't tell me everything about NET ? """
tr	5	""" This is where the occupants of the fort can come to escape in case the fort is ever over-run by an attack , "" Jenny explained ."
tr	5	He looked at her face , at her bright eyes and the stubborn set of her mouth , and he knew that she was deadly serious .
tr	5	They saw the shape coming with great speed as it made its way through the mountain passes , plunging in and out of the low peaks .
tr	4	Raised amid the hills of Ireland , he had come to enjoy the rights , privileges , and responsibilities of the upper class .
tr	1	""" Is that not good enough for you ?"
tr	4	The men would talk , ask for something in return for crossing , and the family would make it through unscathed .
tr	0	""" You swine ! """
tr	4	A barely perceptible hissing quickly fades into his subconscious , the grains tumbling over each other in a slow race to the bottom .
tr	3	He took her away from their father , kissed her soundly on the mouth , and she giggled .
tr	1	There is a strange glint of relief in his face .
tr	3	""" We 're ready , "" said Joshua eagerly , "" and we 'll be careful . """
tr	1	""" I am going to ask you to trust me ."
tr	3	Josie grabbed the phone and switched it to speaker mode , then laid it on the table .
tr	0	""" What do you mean ? """
tr	5	""" Yes , this flying thing totally transforms you , "" Bradley agreed , moving to the very end of his bed and told them about John ."
tr	1	Dad had strict orders -- no talking in the rafters .
tr	3	There was always a price to pay , he 'd learned , for doing what was right .
tr	5	The look on the young man 's face was frightened , yet he hadn 't raised a hand in struggle and lay still as he spoke .
tr	3	But by Vana , and by all the gods , and the Green Dragon , she 's helped us .
tr	0	"Is something amiss ? """
tr	3	""" Let 's just say that Sully 's Rump is going to get very popular very fast . """
tr	2	"Do you know why they are there , or what purpose they have ? """
tr	5	The giant dock doors are sliding aside and beyond that is the stark grey airless landscape , the perfect place to build a penal colony .
tr	1	Too much heat got lost with the fireplace .
tr	2	He shifted back and forth between his feet as if ready to run or attack .
tr	3	He noticed that Farmer had placed Helen Spade 's trunk in a corner of the living room .
tr	3	It was only three weeks but he now had callouses he never imagined owning back then .
tr	0	I followed Malcolm 's lead .
tr	5	They never left their barricaded castle except to steal forth into the Halls of Silence that lay between the opposing fortresses , to slay and be slain .
tr	1	His eyes grew moist , but he shook it off .
tr	5	""" You mean he isn 't just a selfish twat that never grew up , who has run away because life got a teensy bit hard ? """
tr	2	""" So , why doesn 't our car work in Ireland ? """
tr	5	""" I 've never seen that man around here before , "" she starts , still stunned by his ability to see right through her disguise ."
tr	0	""" Can you not see ?"
tr	5	The hat was in his hand now , to let the wind whip back his shoulder-length hair , but mostly , so he wouldn 't lose it .
tr	3	""" You must be Robbie McElroy , I 'm Wendy Mason I 've heard so much about you . """
tr	3	Jess and Ambassador Zhu welcomed the man and he sat , taking a sip of the proffered tea .
tr	2	It 's a good job that I already know my port from my starboard .
tr	1	He strode out of the room with the cell in hand .
tr	1	""" I had forgotten about that , "" he admitted ."
tr	4	""" I may have refused the quest , yet to do so would bring shame upon myself and my kin ."
tr	2	Eda saw the disappointment fill his face and realised he had not understood her .
tr	1	They fanned out , looking around the lobby .
tr	5	When he finally finished , Lewis was rather bloodied , but his breathing was noticeably stronger , less labored , and his face no longer bluish .
tr	5	It came loose eventually and he allowed the leather string to drop to the floor , before running his fingers through her hair , loosening the plait .
tr	3	He helped Dr. Cook with his research , helped him figure out how to do it .
tr	0	""" ... put together some wicked searches ."
tr	4	The man then moved the coin atop the photograph and Chris saw that except for the rough edges , it was a perfect match .
tr	3	With the order given they turned , following the ship with speed and in absolute dark silence .
tr	2	""" And you look as though birds have taken up residence in your hair . """
tr	2	""" Look for more cavemen , I 'm fascinated by evolution ! """
tr	1	""" So , tell me your biggest fear . """
tr	1	""" Did any of them say Ruben ? """
tr	1	We look at each other , defenses dented but holding .
tr	3	Despite these bleak circumstance , Karen and Henry are quoted again and again begging for my return .
tr	5	Not that he felt real hunger , which he was actually surprised about , but having a tasty meal would be a fun thing to do .
tr	0	Mark resisted the urge to double over .
tr	0	""" This is crazy ."
tr	2	Miriam walked over , and Mana put her hand on the girl 's arm .
tr	2	""" I don 't like the feeling of being out here by ourselves . """
tr	5	""" You 're doing great , Miss. "" The boy flipped onto his feet , tilted his board , and sailed off down the slope ."
tr	2	""" Duty , "" he repeated mechanically , reopening the door and stepping back ."
tr	0	King Ine demanded shortly .
tr	4	""" Commander , do you think it would be possible to transfer some of the evacuees to The Hub ? """
tr	4	Removing the lid he opened up the oily package to reveal the Browning High Power issued to him so many years before .
tr	1	Sun drizzles through the windows , and I drop into sleep .
tr	3	They should not rule , and they won 't die in a natural span of years .
tr	2	There was a sunken cruiser just the other side of the sand bar .
tr	2	""" He 'd have to have more information than we have , "" Scott relayed ."
tr	1	It was all he could do to protect himself from her .
tr	2	Mercifully , his mind shut down as he collapsed to the floor .
tr	1	An ugly expression dawned on the immortal 's face .
tr	3	It was something like inducing sleepwalking , and the weary travelers would never remember it had happened .
tr	4	When he looked up again , it was to see the tree trunk foot of the Daemon descending toward his head .
tr	3	By now the fire had died down slightly and both Gunnar and Brand were huddled around it .
tr	3	Harald , curiously , came with him ; but he was a notorious user of this filthy den .
tr	3	""" My hex brought my boy Shambles back alive , even after what them snaky deputies done to him ."
tr	5	Stories of people , passed down through generations , meaningful only in the context of the ideas that lived on long after their bodies had perished .
tr	3	Taylor and his mates stared after her until she disappeared around a bend in the road .
tr	1	""" So , what was the answer ? """
tr	0	She loved it ... . .
tr	3	There had been five of them in all , dressed in the strangest costumes Lucas had ever seen .
tr	1	I asked him the same question last night .
tr	3	""" He plans to tell the world in the initial press releases that we 're cloning electronics ."
tr	2	""" I still can 't believe you 're here , "" he mutters ."
tr	3	After a restless night 's sleep , the morning of the Extravaganza and Operation Save Prisoner dawned .
tr	4	On the other hand , he knew most of those missing were ones he 'd identified as having a hard time making ends meet .
tr	1	""" I 'm looking forward to this Christmas ."
tr	3	They 'd been instructed to travel by different routes although they all originated in and around Belfast .
tr	0	He looked quite the spy .
tr	0	""" You knew ? """
tr	5	She did not want to to leave her mother , but there was no time to argue so she had jumped into a tall basket .
tr	1	Being passed off as dollars on the Rump .
tr	4	Anatole waved from behind the wheels of the leading SUV ; Victor nodded stoically from the seat next to him .
tr	5	The Twilight Princess valiantly made attempt on Ganondorf 's life when the dark lord opened the portal , but she and her paltry army stood no chance .
tr	4	With quick , sure steps , I marched across the small side yard to the backyard not even glancing at the henhouse .
tr	2	Yep she 's tough alright ... ... still very much at home in the jungle .
tr	2	""" You so helpfully chose to meet your father at the hotel ."
tr	2	------ Finan knew he ought to do something even as he stood speechless .
tr	5	The simple statement was not enough to override Grace 's fears , although eventually she understood that Pat knew and Pat spoke the Goddess ' truth .
tr	2	You 'll have to learn to be more observant in my care .
tr	3	About the money , the Extravaganza , that I had no clue what they wanted to know .
tr	3	The main building of the farm looked like it had been there from the beginning of time .
tr	0	""" I will always protect you . """
tr	1	He put a hand up to hush me .
tr	5	said William , reaching for a bag near the bed and pulling out two black shiny full-body one-piece suits , one smaller than the other .
tr	0	The rescue had been timely indeed .
tr	3	Chapter 7 : Lilly Ann Three nights and three days Lilly Ann sat at Taylor 's bed .
tr	4	With the long boat prepared , ready and on the water , Roberto and Pierre were over the railing in no time .
tr	1	' Yes , we are , ' she replied quietly .
tr	0	her tears flowing freely now .
tr	4	It 's going to be a fighter so you 'll only be able to take a small bag -- pack only the absolute essentials .
tr	0	Valerian shrugged his shoulders .
tr	2	His voice was scarcely audible over the high wind and tossing waves .
tr	1	Pierre 's hand was almost touching the soldier 's hat .
tr	3	Snow Job and Iceberg knelt in the center of the perimeter , preparing to move out .
tr	5	The worst stain of all I save for last and scrawl it hastily on the bottom line , crowding the letters to make it fit .
tr	5	When the Idaho governor finally answered Ed 's inquiry as to the cargo that they would be responsible for , there was a moment of stunned silence .
tr	5	For an hour Penny kept quiet as Maggie monitored her position and the position of the Russian satellite getting nearer several thousand miles ahead of them .
tr	1	""" Your eye is swelling up , "" the passenger says ."
tr	5	Chapter 32 : The Ground Squirrels He whistled when he spoke , his breath coming in wheezing gasps from his thick chest through his two yellow teeth .
tr	3	A golden idol , shaped into the likeness of a hideous hag , sat on a table .
tr	4	She wondered where David was sleeping tonight , she hoped he did better than the barn or shed at Julie 's place .
tr	1	' Wasn 't this the way to the lab ? '
tr	5	David G. Burnet so infuriated Texans with his decision to allow Santa Anna to live that he spent much of the remainder of his life defending himself .
tr	2	It was strange to feel the powerful beast so tame and gentle beneath her .
tr	5	I did not want to see a pastry chef , this pastry chef , in the nude , with everything all hanging in the freeze .
tr	1	Rafe felt a chuckle well up within him .
tr	2	""" Yeah , man , why weren 't your pants burnt up too ? """
tr	1	she asked smiling , before going under again .
tr	2	""" I 'm trusting you with my life right now , "" Gabe says softly ."
tr	0	""" Yeah , "" Lonnie agreed ."
tr	2	The two visitors grinned a little , and the woman motioned towards Alejo .
tr	3	she repeated , moving so close one hand touched the edge of the bed near Alejo 's elbow .
tr	5	Defiantly , he put the bottle to his lips as the first officer grabbed his left arm , forcing him backwards into the vending machine .
tr	1	God , it was going to be a long year .
tr	2	Her heart thumped in her chest as she closeted the ball and left the room .
tr	3	"Nathan leaned on the table looking at the map , "" We 're going to need soldiers first ."
tr	0	""" When will that be ready ? """
tr	4	' Of course , I still need to take care of your delightful granddaughter and that bastard half-breed grandson of yours .
tr	0	Finn had slept very well .
tr	1	With the other she clawed and hitched herself along .
tr	1	The news Jolie had been spotted rippled through the teams .
tr	5	Quickly they retrieved their coats from the hiding place behind the rock and passed them around , then they walked back down the gloomy stone passageway .
tr	4	I surmised the fire had stared from a faulty electrical circuit or maybe an appliance which had been left on .
tr	0	""" I brought them back with me ."
tr	2	I have spoken to their parents and all 's well that ends well ' .
tr	5	Danny , like everyone else stared expectantly at the black screen where Raphael 's boot suddenly appeared kicking the bass drum as the beat started .
tr	0	Food was very scarce .
tr	4	Jennie and David sat there looking at each other , the Commander had hung up with the promise to keep them updated .
tr	4	As if one of the Death Watchmen hadn 't just tried to kill the Prince in the name of his Mother .
tr	4	Chris watched him squint against the harsh sunlight , then turn his head a few times until he spotted him .
tr	1	' The orders have just come through . '
tr	0	The odds are that they 're not .
tr	3	He realised that he had never really looked at a robin before , not really looked .
tr	2	""" That beggar who asked us for money ... He was telling the truth ."
tr	3	""" Men of great honor , I salute you , "" Brand said , choosing his words carefully ."
tr	1	Jack and Joe Jack looked at each other incredulously .
tr	3	The video oddly seemed to be recording from a camera mounted on a chain around his neck .
tr	1	She swiveled her head and looked at him .
tr	3	The first one held two sets of parents , none of whom even glanced at the fort .
tr	5	"He explained , "" And we have the advantage of difficult terrain at our backs , so we can retreat into the woods and regroup elsewhere . """
tr	3	She had to confess that she was more afraid of Roberto now , after he had rescued her .
tr	2	Tomas Godard appeared next to Anna and laid a hand on her shoulder .
tr	3	She was in a stone courtyard , dancing among men , killing men with her brother at her side .
tr	1	I looked up and saw his eyelids flicker open .
tr	2	Cisco is a joy to watch as he carries the infant from room to room .
tr	5	A stream of red energy blasts from his fingertips cutting a clean hole through the white uniformed man , who crumples back to the deck , lifeless .
tr	0	Suddenly , it whimpered .
tr	3	Though there was over a yard of clearance , it looked much closer from where the two men stood .
tr	1	There was not one silver tabby among them .
tr	5	How we can overcome the intransigence of individuals , institutions , and countries is beyond me for it appears to be ingrained into the human genome .
tr	5	He mocks another young boy while prodding him with his sword , and then he is sitting in a stream , rocking himself in the dark .
tr	0	He looked back at Kevin .
tr	2	""" OK , I 'll snoop through those while you search online , OK ? """
tr	4	She had drawn one of her daggers , and the steel bit ever so slightly into his neck , causing a burning sensation .
tr	4	""" Once the fleet is built , I 'll be talking with Tony here about putting my own freighters in space . """
tr	3	"Alex suddenly strode over and held out her hand , "" Give me the Universal Chronicler , please . """
tr	2	Lilly Ann 's voice came from the door that had opened silently .
tr	5	She had thought on it for several months now , and it didn 't seem to make any sense to just wait around any longer .
tr	2	Gabe spins his chair around , so that he faces me again .
tr	5	Getting down to a home rehearsal they chose five songs to master guessing their first gigs would be twenty minute spots supporting more experienced amateur bands .
tr	1	We have never set foot outside the walls .
tr	4	I slipped the overcoat from my shoulders , letting the garment fall listlessly into the snowy brush along the shore .
tr	4	"It would be a good opportunity for you to set yourself up pretty nice , if you wanted to . """
tr	2	Two down , two to go , was someone trying to tell me something ?
tr	1	"We 'll need you to get through this . """
tr	1	She is wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with my face .
tr	1	And then he gave the typical cryptic response .
tr	0	At least not the one I like .
tr	4	People who had been watching the proceedings with open mouths from a safe distance rushed in to retrieve Frank Turner from his trap .
tr	3	""" I have no intention of placing any trust in him at all , Finan . """
tr	5	"Rick gave her an appraising look , "" You two are extremely smart ; I trust you to figure that out , "" he told her confidently ."
tr	2	"Otherwise you will not make the deadline , "" Captain Jean gasped ."
tr	2	' Thanks , ' I gasped gratefully and looked up into Costas 's grim face .
tr	3	It had been over five months since we had left but in some respects , felt like a lifetime .
tr	3	Thank the heavens the people on the train hadn 't seen the fiasco on the platform .
tr	3	"Regaining her confidence , Victoria asked , "" Why did you plan to kill us on your own ?"
tr	4	"The good news is that I think I scraped off an elf that was clinging to the underside of the sleigh . """
tr	0	Arthur couldn 't , but nodded anyway .
tr	3	Cade knocked softly on the door to their cabin , not wanting to intrude on her privacy .
tr	4	She 'd been crushed by a stray American missile back in 2008 , massacred in the same day as her five siblings .
tr	3	It was Eda who had begged for rest , for food , but never once had Adele demanded anything .
tr	0	' You 're right . '
tr	2	He couldn 't even think about looking behind to see where the others were .
tr	5	He pushed the barrel of the gun harder into my head , a brittle irritating pain that made the energy in my back seethe beneath the surface .
tr	1	That was all that was said for weeks .
tr	0	Rafe shook his head .
tr	1	How could he be late , today of all days ?
tr	1	She took a moment to compose her question .
tr	5	""" You really don 't know what you 're getting yourself into , don 't you , "" says Bruce looking straight ahead into space ."
tr	0	Jimmy shook his head .
tr	4	""" You have requested audience with the king , and he shall hear your requests , "" said a female voice ."
tr	4	""" Is this the rig -- "" Before he could finish the question , he let out a cry and stumbled to the ground ."
tr	4	"And finally , "" Butch drew in a breath , "" we have no system to train these new militia ."
tr	4	""" Most regal -- a lot he never wanted ... "" I said , my eye on the black princes and the rose ."
tr	2	""" At least you 've answered one question for me , "" she said ."
tr	1	"not sure why but let 's do one anyway . """
tr	2	The woman from the island disappeared , leaving Miriam with the other workers .
tr	3	It was now time to scout the land with a hawk 's eye and determine their next move .
tr	4	"he thought , "" half of Mudd 's Sarawak team is dead no wonder he 's getting a bit itchy . """
tr	0	It 's much worse than we thought .
tr	3	I have probably lost my only chance to ever attend school and help support my family .
tr	3	He ended his daily report and gave me the same sly grin I had seen on the bridge .
tr	0	"* "" So where are they ? """
tr	4	Federal United Express and other delivery businesses had long been available to the North Pole , but Santa had steadfastly refused to use them .
tr	2	The men around the campfire were unshaven and their clothes virtually rags .
tr	2	With my eyes closed , my brain struggled to understand and remember .
tr	3	These giants had grown so powerful they could exert more influence over a government than could its citizens .
tr	0	I said with a frown .
tr	1	"I 'll go get the Gatorade bucket ! """
tr	5	Gerald and I made the trip to the old base ; Jeff was right there was a collection of rag-tag vessels from patrol boats to sailing yachts .
tr	0	"That 's the end of it . """
tr	3	Olmec came toward the seated princess with a swaying , undulating walk that was mockery in itself .
tr	0	""" It 's about Spy Games . """
tr	0	What was done was done .
tr	5	As they moved along the bottom of the gorge he watched Sidney go from rock to rock and realized she had done this many times .
tr	1	So when it rang now , he startled .
tr	2	It wasn 't just him and his kind feeling the lack but everyone .
tr	4	At the top of them , stood a man who took my ticket and smiled , wishing me bon voyage .
tr	5	"I 've been worried that I have been leading you on , developing a relationship with you knowing that I could be leaving at any time . """
tr	0	""" He 's a growing boy . """
tr	1	Fifteen minutes later , I opened the safe door .
tr	0	' I 'm afraid that 's impossible .
tr	4	"Let 's go find Farmer , I bet we 'll find him about three miles from here in this direction . """
tr	4	""" Does this mean I can 't tell any of my friends about -- "" "" Absolutely not , Anna !"
tr	4	I 've no idea if we were seen , for the men slowed their mounts to a walk as they approached our hiding spot .
tr	0	""" Thanks for asking . """
tr	1	She bowed her head and finished her prayers .
tr	3	""" Good , "" Taylor agreed , "" come on , let 's have a look around . """
tr	1	That definitely would 've made me look guilty .
tr	1	"She 'd laugh and say , "" About time . """
tr	5	He wondered how Bax 's would fit between the uprights ; however , the thought abandoned him when it occurred to him that everything had fallen quiet .
tr	3	""" I wish I could take the praise for so excellent a throw , but I fear I cannot ."
tr	5	Satisfied that there was nobody waiting for him , he rose to his feet and as quietly as possible slogged the remaining way to the beach .
tr	1	A new land lay not far to the West .
tr	3	"Well , I 'm not the sort of man to go merrily on my way , little sorceress . """
tr	4	More than one vet had lost theirs , had sworn that their OS had told them to slaughter their family .
tr	4	Two of them had already begun running back toward the boats , and Chris knew it was time to light the final fuse .
tr	4	McCutcheon looked as though he was considering whether it would be worth the wait to fly Mike 's cousin to Hawaii .
tr	5	Bradley and Megan got out and hid under the train for the entire time it was unloading , which took almost the entire day again .
tr	0	He lowered his head and left .
tr	4	The hate that she felt for him had melted away and in its place love shone in the depths of her own eyes .
tr	0	Dad sighed in exasperation .
tr	0	"It 's for you . """
tr	4	Anderson normally arrived first and casually waited for Sampson who arrived late , probably thinking it established his superior position .
tr	1	""" They do not , but it makes little matter ."
tr	0	""" What 's going on ?"
tr	3	His energy was fading quickly and he wasn 't sure how much longer he would last .
tr	1	I ask in a thin little girl voice .
tr	1	Once again she has blessed me beyond measure .
tr	2	Anger filled her and she stood up straight , looking him directly in the eye .
tr	0	The food was forgotten on their plates .
tr	1	Maybe instructions were waiting up at the table for me .
tr	0	' That 's definitely bad . '
tr	0	His voice is smooth and low .
tr	1	""" I need that eye , Mark , "" she pleaded ."
tr	4	The tall , lanky former Texan who was dressed in the typical tan uniform extracted himself from the squad car .
tr	4	The pyramid the Triforce once rested upon ceases to be discernible , the only source of light twinkling from the dimensional doorway behind them .
tr	2	Neil grabbed one , thrust it over his head , and fell onto the bed .
tr	5	What did it matter that Brand 's father took care of pigs , and Hilda 's father was the patriarch of some unimportant noble house ?
tr	5	There was a faint electronic hum as the clear liquid inside was aspirated into a piece of glass tubing and started to move along a narrow pipe .
tr	2	""" It 's just that ... "" David ran his hand over his chin ."
tr	2	I removed the katana from the Hunter 's body and walked to the fallen pair .
tr	1	Reid and I stepped behind the bar and followed .
tr	4	"Since there is still no electricity , we should rely on what is traditionally referred to as "" low tech "" ."
tr	3	Roberto looked at him with a glimmer of a smile , but kept his voice low .
tr	5	""" That 's exactly what I 'm asking , "" said the Commander , "" something 's going down and I 've no idea what it is ."
tr	1	The man was protected from every angle you can imagine .
tr	5	He glared at the back of Stu 's head with a frustration he 'd not felt for his best friend since their vehement introduction years earlier .
tr	0	The other two nodded their heads .
tr	5	Rick shook off his jacket to reveal a white t-shirt that was completely soaked through with blood on the right side where Adam had shot him .
tr	3	At lunch they had a snack of honey loaves , and a helping of fresh farmers ' cheese .
tr	5	"Maya even had a dad who would say "" hey there kid "" when they passed each other on the roads of their very separate lives ."
tr	2	His eyes are wet , shining onyx hiding behind his long bangs .
tr	1	""" You look good , "" she said ."
tr	1	What am I thinking , how could I forget that !
tr	0	"So I gave it to her . """
tr	5	"I think my offer is more than the United States Marine Corps ever paid you , plus I 'm only getting half a body ! """
tr	2	It had taken only five seconds to set and verify the sensor .
tr	5	We decided to let the rains abate and checked in a lodging house around seven in the morning after a bus ride from Cuenca to Sto .
tr	4	A Christian fish , like Josie had seen countless times on the trunk lids and bumpers of cars around town .
tr	1	Gema nodded her agreement with Wendy looking on in amazement .
tr	3	The man was pleased with the discovery of Roberto 's envious emotions and gleeful , full of mischievous behaviour .
tr	4	Many of the homes had been wood and thatch , but she didn 't know enough about holding a building together to use those .
tr	4	The night sky was suddenly filled with sound as though a thousand giant linen sheets were being torn slowly in half .
tr	4	There were no reports of any missing or lost children in the last fifteen years that had not been found .
tr	4	Flames from torches once , and then a sickening blow to the head that caused the world to heave and spin .
tr	5	The space was larger than she had imagined : the lights emphasised the vastness , as their eerie glow illuminated the contours of the ceiling .
tr	0	The board of Decatur Heath had not .
tr	0	""" These are pajamas ! """
tr	3	""" Ah , no , "" he heard himself reply , catching Riki 's beseeching glance ."
tr	1	Jennie went outside to talk them before they entered the house .
tr	4	Her husband had been recently killed in a freak accident ( on horseback ) and she had two children under five depending on her .
tr	3	Gods knew the earls used to fight with equal ferocity until the Oster dynasty came into control .
tr	0	Roberto chuckled to himself .
tr	5	If I 'd come here a few months ago I would have stayed one night and run away to a refurbished city hostel with relief .
tr	3	Chris thought long and hard , but didn 't even venture a guess , merely shook his head .
tr	4	Anderson also told Nathan to go ahead and call President Philips and tell Philips that Anderson approved of Nathan 's plan .
tr	2	The car turned in a sickening lurch until we were facing the right way again .
tr	2	He moved in to kiss me , but I pushed him away .
tr	5	The boys had the impression that one only needed to step into the screen to be transported to the scene depicted on it in real life .
tr	1	"Think of how pleased the king would be . """
tr	4	""" If that 's what you 're after , the man you want to talk to is my father . """
tr	0	But here was an entire ship .
tr	5	He had finally been able to overcome his grief and had put all his efforts into finding the bastard who had murdered his beloved big brother .
tr	1	We were treated and entertained in a manner befitting visiting royalty .
tr	2	Taking baby steps , I moved as close as I could without being obvious .
tr	3	Very few people could afford the extravagance of fuel , and any working vehicle attracted lots of attention .
tr	1	""" Too fast , too fast , "" she thought ."
tr	2	""" You know , we can eat the sheep , too , "" David said ."
tr	1	Reid indicated the monitor with a cocked thumb .
tr	1	""" Did she tell you , Eda ? """
tr	1	The cold water went down his throat quickly .
tr	1	Kaylie asked , half curious , half worried .
tr	1	Maybe even some of the men if they were being honest .
tr	5	She was happy , though , that they did confirm the exit existed and were now on a mission to find their friends and lead them out .
tr	2	His hands were glowing , and I knew he was getting ready to feed .
tr	4	Mark stepped over to join them just as Josie turned the item over in her hand for a better look .
tr	2	It was far out of your control , on this you can trust .
tr	2	She swallowed at the bile threatening to rise and plastered a smile on her face .
tr	1	The immortal cursed , the weapon dropping from his wounded hand .
tr	2	""" Thought you might like a friendly face , "" he said laughingly ."
tr	0	""" That might take months . """
tr	0	Then you both lose out .
tr	5	Being there he had a chance to gaze from time to time with love at one foreign Chick Bird , even sometimes tweet with her .
tr	3	Still , I felt a sharp sting across my shoulder ; he had managed to cut me .
tr	5	With that the new crew of the Charles II readied a boat for all those who did not wish to join the now pirates on their adventure .
tr	4	No one can know how strong I am unless they are going to be a span under the ground by nightfall .
tr	2	David could see the old man 's forehead furrow as he thought .
tr	0	""" Ask what ? """
tr	1	Gabe 's voice carries to my sensitive ears .
tr	0	I 'll be around .
tr	1	We thank you for the letter and your bravery .
tr	2	Sweat poured down his face and he breathed heavily from his run around the island .
tr	1	""" Okay , let 's go check out our room ."
tr	0	' How much time ? '
tr	3	""" Here , help me , "" he said as they pushed it into the corner of the room ."
tr	1	""" You 're right , something has happened to him . """
tr	2	Despite the dark weather and the increasing heat , Neil felt incredibly cheerful .
tr	5	Elaina 's heart sank -- there was no way he 'd survive it ... The Watcher did nothing more than narrow his eyes in warning .
tr	5	Catching the briefest glimpse of the ninja 's hands , Link sees they are wrapped in the same disgusting cloth as his legs and feet .
tr	3	""" Right you are , "" George agreed , "" otherwise we 'll be let go ."
tr	4	When the charge blew , they would surge forward into the bunker to confront those who were surely waiting inside .
tr	2	No one was allowed to touch her mail or go through her things .
tr	0	""" A lot of people sigh . """
tr	4	I can 't send a search party out after dark poking around not knowing anything about the area and who were dealing with .
tr	1	We came to look for you afterwards . '
tr	1	I was surprised at how calm I felt .
tr	0	' What 's going on ? '
tr	5	After a time , how long it was he had no way of knowing , he suddenly heard something -- a rhythmic , liquid noise .
tr	5	This time , it was about me being lost in the forest that I imagined looked like any other forest I 've seen on television .
tr	1	""" No one 's messing with us . """
tr	5	After some minutes of conversation Raphael asked , ' Is everything okay , I 'm guessing you weren 't just ringing for a chat ? '
tr	0	The line went dead .
tr	3	He pulled it out and hit the button to answer but continued to watch the race .
tr	5	"I want go home and train and when we all are ready , we 'll all go after Eden together and kill him ... for Essa . """
tr	1	""" Alejo , I was a loser and a coward ."
tr	4	""" Why don 't you think about how wrong your actions were , and I 'll be back later . """
tr	4	The guard retuned shortly with another man in similar dress , only he wore wide bands of gold above each elbow .
tr	0	""" Hmmm ... Light ?"
tr	4	The once level room takes on a noticeable slant as the oncoming water shifts the balance of the floating temple .
tr	0	I kept my eyes on the room .
tr	1	I needed a quick ride out of there .
tr	2	"Don 't you want to see all those same things I do ? """
tr	1	He hung up the phone and turned to face Maria .
tr	0	It was a big one too .
tr	1	Trailing wisps of clouds slithered around boulders below .
tr	5	She wore her hair short , and she was exotic and beautiful , the kind of girl that made Chuck gulp involuntarily like a frog .
tr	0	""" Sounds like fun ."
tr	3	""" Would you be wanting me to give herself a call and ask her to come in ? """
tr	4	As one enemy warrior fell two more came in his place , inevitable the attacking force overwhelmed him and his kin were felled maliciously .
tr	0	Darkness stirred up and tasting sweet .
tr	0	Who drinks too much .
tr	0	Victor 's frown deepened .
tr	1	Chris stared at them and shook his head .
tr	5	She was wearing her street clothes , so today had to be her day off , meaning she 'd come in just to see him .
tr	5	"I used this baby to drill a door into the closest wall , "" replied Alex with a smile as he lifted an automatic grenade launcher ."
tr	1	Personally , I think they 're extremely mature .
tr	3	Roberto knew him well , and the mere thought that the woman was at his mercy was devastating .
tr	3	They couldn 't have been interested in Strauss 's research just for the financial gain . '
tr	5	In either case , you should have a new traveling companion , a young acquaintance of mine from Michigan whom I am eager to meet again .
tr	2	Even so , we kept watch , alternating sleep for the rest of the night .
tr	5	When Mia was laying in the bed , she looked at him and asked with amazement in her voice : - How was it possible ?
tr	5	I know it sounds pretty far-fetched those cute little kids could 've eaten all those overgrown lizards but , well , they couldn 't help themselves .
tr	3	The feat had drawn massive attention within NET , where small miracles seemed to sprout with great frequency .
tr	1	The rescuers thought it wise to withdraw quickly .
tr	4	But in order to earn it , you had to put your hand on a Bible and swear yourself to secrecy .
tr	5	The great wolf covered the stretch below the forest with the swiftness of the winds , holding ever so gently the body of the hawk .
tr	4	Promptly the police opened fire , Nuru waved his other hand and they exploded ; their guns , their cars , themselves ... Bastard .
tr	3	He hoped the man hadn 't noticed him shaking a little as he took the coin from the page .
tr	1	"You are more impressive in real life . """
tr	5	""" Your armour is a good design but it is lacking in some areas , I have modified it to improve your chances of survival ."
tr	5	He was also carrying the latest in seamen 's knives , made by Bowie , and a Steyr AUG assault rifle , made by Steyr .
tr	5	He had killed Billy in front of thousands of people and he would not be able to easily escape the country if he stuck around .
tr	4	They had lain quietly and patiently in their positions since midnight and it was almost noon of the next day .
tr	3	Just as popular were the little mirrors , and in each one she looked over her shoulder .
tr	1	The blown-out front tyre destabilized the leading SUV .
tr	1	' Yes , we are , ' I replied .
tr	1	Men grabbed them and hoisted them over the railing .
tr	5	As she arrived at the car park , she saw a girl load her camera into her bag and climb into a rusty red hatchback .
tr	5	The door on the side of the building , which Ted had seen from the roof of the school bus , was hidden from view .
tr	2	The driver is over there , smoking , just outside the door .
tr	5	Henry Mason looked a little uncomfortable , ' in fact Sir most of my men are engaged in more global activities and matters of national security .
tr	2	He again glanced into the rearview mirror as he talked to Jimmy and Josie .
tr	3	""" This , "" he laid a single finger on the chronicler , "" is the Universal Chronicler ."
tr	4	Once inside with the door closed he offered her wine , since she was still trembling , and sat next to her .
tr	2	' My dear Tomas , why ever should I do that ? '
tr	4	He was tough and serious at the same time he was kind , sincere , and generous in all he did .
tr	0	Or maybe a package !
tr	4	Expose children and inculcate within them an appreciation for the finer things in life , broaden their horizons and inculcate manners and civility .
tr	5	Mac and Jace didn 't care that the creature was in the middle of a conversation and his comrades would know that someone else was there .
tr	1	He held a large biscuit in one hand stuffed with jam .
tr	5	Something he couldn 't put his finger on ... Then he realized what it was ; it didn 't feel as if anyone lived there .
tr	0	The blonde head bobbed .
tr	1	' Does something strike you as odd ? '
tr	0	What if he knew where we lived ?
tr	0	"You 've been so restless tonight . """
tr	5	Claire willed her eyelids to close but they remained fixed wide , and she felt as if her eyes might disappear into her head completely .
tr	0	He held them out to Chris .
tr	5	Cal had planned to use his next captive in conjunction with a new attack but her escape had forced him to go on the run .
tr	2	"With him gone -- well , perhaps Miss Cantwell will find other interests . """
tr	5	I 'd found out in my short time on this earth that there are a lot of unwritten rules and games people play with each other .
tr	1	"An ' I canna say I don ' deserve it . """
tr	0	""" Of the extra equipment ?"
tr	5	Agent 2C had entered the bedroom and moved within metres of the bed where he had paused and for some reason had failed to fire his weapon .
tr	0	That had been nearly two weeks ago .
tr	4	"I told him I couldn 't help him the decision was yours to make , what was the deal on that anyway ? """
tr	0	Use the potted plant ?
tr	5	""" Perhaps , Mr. Gray , you could explain the orbital airship concept that your administration has been holding back for the last few years ? """
tr	1	She held the cane high , over her head .
tr	3	She was staring at him open-mouthed and blushing at his state of undress , he noticed .
tr	0	I 'd been doing it for months .
tr	3	""" Well ... it was almost like he was runnin ' from the devil himself . """
tr	2	Chris smiled , because he 'd been thinking exactly the same thing .
tr	4	She was about to head out the back door when she remembered that Mana had not eaten since breakfast that morning .
tr	3	Rick asked as he wormed in between Alex and Kaylie , putting an arm around each of them .
tr	0	""" Yeah , "" Austin agreed ."
tr	3	Her vital signs displayed in the lower right-hand corner , the simulation mirroring her every move .
tr	3	Taylor wanted to avoid direct contact with anyone until his rapport with Lilly Ann was solidified further .
tr	4	""" Hold on , "" he hissed back , pausing until Barbara , Simon and his mother had moved on a bit ."
tr	5	""" I 'd like you to take notice of the fact that I have removed the waterproof cover from the back of the GPS . """
tr	4	He kicked his brogues off , onto the hallway tray , and hung his damp raincoat up in the closet .
tr	2	She watched the pony 's ears flick backwards to catch the sound of her voice .
tr	5	"Startled out of her thoughts the old lady replied , "" Sorry my bird , it 's my age you see "" she chuckled to herself ."
tr	2	My path wound through the fields and lonely hills until it reached New Orleans .
tr	1	Had Alejo cleaned blood from her face while she was sleeping ?
tr	0	There was that voice again .
tr	2	""" I didn 't know why you were always talking to us and stuff ."
tr	4	Tommy rested his hand on the base of the eighteenth torch , but didn 't lift it up out of the holder .
tr	1	It availed his nothing against her brute strength .
tr	5	Bradley felt like he could eat everything that was served after not eating anything in the World of the Unknowns for such a long time .
tr	4	""" After you 've sent me the list you wait one week and then call the number I just gave you ."
tr	4	Ignoring the sign with a big circle and a line through it , I started across the bridge , my eyes on the temple .
tr	4	Suddenly spinning to face the confused hero , Garo takes a deep breath , like a dragon preparing to cook its dinner .
tr	1	He disappeared forward and closed the door behind him .
tr	5	As they started driving cross country , going up and down the ridges and across the rough terrain , Angelique was being thrown from side to side .
tr	1	His pants landed on the floor outside me .
tr	0	""" Did he have dogs ? """
tr	4	I stopped rushing around and let my eyes wander the kitchen , taking in everything slowly , not missing an inch .
tr	1	"I would love to hear what you think of it . """
tr	2	"Don 't know how you drink that stuff , "" he replied ."
tr	1	' Down here if you please , gentlemen . '
tr	4	She knew this was ridiculous , but in for a penny , in for a pound , her mother had always said .
tr	1	Taylor looked at him with a quizzical look .
tr	5	It was the day I first met him and my mind drifted ... I looked around me , noticing first the Moon low in the sky .
tr	5	We follow a wide path past trimmed fields and what a sign tells us is a community garden before finding a trail and moving into the woods .
tr	2	"Come now , I find that impossible to believe , "" he determined ."
tr	1	Gabe stays in the shower for a long time .
tr	1	"We 'll see where his loyalties lie , "" said Jacob ."
tr	3	His gaze shifted back to Adele and he found he derived great enjoyment from watching her .
tr	3	Two days later , he found himself leaning against a pillar inside of the great cathedral .
tr	3	""" You look better with a shaved head , "" Josie said , trying to smile ."
tr	0	Who knew her here ?
tr	1	A pompous jerk and a tad bit too emotional .
tr	3	' You 've got ta be kidding me , ' he muttered , stalking past in a huff .
tr	1	""" A bus went over the mountain ! """
tr	1	The low rectangular outlines of furniture slowly appeared around us .
tr	0	He signaled to his guards .
tr	2	Even Finn , usually an early riser , hadn 't shown himself yet this morning .
tr	2	Anna joked , not looking forward to the long , sad walk back .
tr	4	My friend 's face was briefly illuminated by the light of the moon , which had just emerged from a bank of clouds .
tr	1	""" No ' tis naught like that . """
tr	1	At first , I stood in the doorway and observed .
tr	4	The events of the last few days were finally catching up on me : I had rarely felt so exhausted .
tr	3	""" Until now , because she 's going to find out that two of her best friends are dead !"
tr	1	""" No , but please don 't publish it anywhere ."
tr	2	They can 't simply abandon their lives to come chase us down .
tr	5	Placed on the grid were a series of proposed test pit locations measured out from the datum point marked in the center of the outline .
tr	1	Every bone in his body came to life .
tr	0	"It was titled "" Red Death "" ."
tr	2	Rupert plopped down on a chair in front of the extra-wide flat screen .
tr	4	Butch only thought for a few seconds before walking to the front of the convoy and laying down his rifle on the road .
tr	4	Valerian sat dumbly , watching the man in whose slim hands , the pirate realized , his destiny now rested .
tr	1	""" I cannot think how you managed to stay upright . """
tr	2	""" And sir , I believe you already know why we must search again ."
tr	3	It was a difficult situation and , whatever people said , this betrothal was not in the least romantic .
tr	3	I tug against my cuffs and concentrate on the pain that runs hot laps around my wrists .
tr	0	It was like , their dream .
tr	5	Whoever he is , he hasn 't learned my brother 's smiles or the way his energy is supposed to take even strokes around his thin frame .
tr	2	Her frown deepened while she gazed at the last entry in the diary .
tr	5	At the moment , whether his dead body would be laid in the ground facing Mecca or not was the last thing on Sami 's mind .
tr	4	""" Our task is not to ask questions , but to see that orders are carried out , as usual . """
tr	3	He cursed in frustration imagining what was going on above them and yelled for his men to come help .
tr	1	Josie had never seen eyes like the stranger 's .
tr	4	He had left 007 , thirty minutes earlier , with instructions to passively guard the lab , recording all physical and system based access .
tr	0	He still carried the Glock .
tr	1	""" I never thought logging would include fixing coyote paws . """
tr	0	My skin breaks out in goose bumps .
tr	5	It was dark , pitch black , blind , and Tommy screamed , too , trying to winch his way back from where he had come .
tr	4	You can supervise me , or you can tie me to a tree with only enough slack to perform the task .
tr	1	"That 's kind of sad , "" I retort ."
tr	0	The change is astounding .
tr	4	' This kinda reminds me of a hospital , ' said Reid as we walked down the cool and clinical hallway .
tr	0	He 'd love it .
tr	1	""" That 's in Wales isn 't it ? """
tr	4	I suppose it would have drove a lot of men mad , riding with a man as quiet as that .
tr	3	""" Ya ' got a mighty long wait darlin ' , "" he teased as his eyes twinkled ."
tr	2	' But first , we have to consider the small matter of logistics . '
tr	4	They watched in anxious fascination as the Confederates on the opposite side of the river worked to unload their delivered supplies .
tr	2	""" Do it yourself bitch , "" he hissed at her in Malay ."
tr	2	' It 's good to see you again , ' I muttered .
tr	2	He saw Paul Wilson and Ron Fernald , and the fisherman , Clem and Perry .
tr	4	As they rounded a boulder completely covered in snow and ice , she spoke again , her voice misting in the air .
tr	5	Too many coincidences ; she remembered Robbie telling her that coincidences get you killed , expect the worst and anything else comes as a pleasant surprise .
tr	0	Voices floated in from outside .
tr	5	She didn 't know exactly for what , but she knew there was a person in the world , which she never ever wanted to see .
tr	3	As they marched her up the long line of wagons , Elaina felt her heart sink .
tr	0	Were they all demented ?
tr	0	' How long is post haste ? '
tr	1	""" They gave you Noah 's ring ? """
tr	5	""" Jesus Christ we follow them all over God 's half acre , then they meet and we still don 't know what they 're up to ."
tr	2	"Mudd quietly , "" we jump at ten thousand feet which is kinda low ."
tr	2	The air was icy cold but she didn 't bother putting her shoes on .
tr	3	She had replaced the gag after assuring him that she would do what she could to rescue him .
tr	5	As I ran , the jarring of it caused Pepper so much pain , I switched to lifting her with my telekinesis and carrying her that way .
tr	3	And those children are that hard on their smalls , Mrs. Williams , I 'll have you know .
tr	1	I shut the phone and jammed it into my bag .
tr	1	Anyway , he 'd have to think about that another time .
tr	1	""" Sorry , "" Gabriel barely whispered as he leaned closer ."
tr	5	"You will be a staff master if you accept my invitation and can observe the first day of fighting with me in my box . """
tr	4	A large chunk of the ceiling had fallen on a diagonal at the far end of the passageway , blocking entry to the opening .
tr	3	He must have slept for well over twenty-four hours , and yet he felt quite clean .
tr	4	He wore a shamrock green hat with two red feathers , a tuxedo shirt , purple pants , blue leggings , and athletic socks .
tr	1	Josie bit her lower lip for a moment .
tr	1	Flashlights cut through the branches , diluted with distance .
tr	2	""" I was the leader of a team in an organization that kills evil men ."
tr	2	I finally shifted on the leather seat and reached for the door handle .
tr	1	Gustav 's eyes glinted when he spotted the roadster .
tr	1	""" You 're crazy , "" he said ."
tr	0	Something on the advertisement mentioned prize money .
tr	4	Before the first bullet could even register , a second bullet struck him in the right shoulder , rendering his arm useless .
tr	3	""" It must be the wind , "" Mana said , giving her a quick prod ."
tr	0	""" Good , "" Gabe smiles ."
tr	4	""" Connie it 's over , behind you , if you continue to look back I 'm afraid you 'll be consumed by it ."
tr	3	""" I 'm looking to cross the bridge ; I 'll pay whatever toll you 're asking for . """
tr	3	A small herd of cattle , all identically white , appeared suddenly out of the mist .
tr	0	He reached for a cookie .
tr	5	When I finally managed to have my first conversation with them , I learned that they were a member of a group called the Spades .
tr	3	As he walked up , content and relaxed , Elaina peered into the night behind him .
tr	3	Fresh eggs meant a decent meal even if there was nothing in the rabbit traps today .
tr	5	His gaze rested on his bag in front of him until , in a flash of awareness , he realized he was drawing attention to it .
tr	5	I removed the skull from the post , and with all the gentleness I could muster placed it next to the femur , and covered them up .
tr	1	"John Taylor 's eyes flew open , "" Geronimo ? """
tr	4	We watched him come up to you , and as he reached out to tap you , I turned to Jacob .
tr	3	Toby had connected into the network , and found 007 when William started the surveillance session .
tr	3	""" The water 's not cold , "" he assured her as he skinned his shirt over his head ."
tr	5	Any sting his words may have contained was softened by that smile , which invited the sharing of some jest between the two of them .
tr	4	He followed them out of the bathroom , stuffing their discarded clothing into his ripped plastic market bag on the way .
tr	3	Oh God , I really need some help right now , cause I 'm really angry .
tr	1	I leaned against the head rest and closed my eyes .
tr	1	His energy pulses fast as he leans over me .
tr	5	The plan , which had seemed good in concept when Elder Crane sent them off in the capital room of Vale , now seemed terribly foolhardy .
tr	1	"If we leave it he will never know for sure . """
tr	1	"What 's the story that people are telling ? """
tr	4	While Brendan assembled a mealy sandwich to share with him , David couldn 't help but watch him in wonder .
tr	0	Toby noticed her eyes were jet black .
tr	5	trapped in a broken body , in pain all the time , living in a shit hole part of the world and entirely dependent on other people .
tr	3	Eva came next , and the look Kurt gave her was enough for me to growl .
tr	4	"I don 't know how in the hell Bright came across them , but I wish he hadn 't . """
tr	5	""" Would you agree that the bullet entered the abdomen , broke the rib and continued through the spleen , pancreas and out the kidney ? """
tr	0	"You 'll see . """
tr	2	Agent Keen appeared at the broken window , barely able to stand .
tr	3	"I never knew what happened to the other guards in my detachment , but I fear the worst . """
tr	0	But could I trust Aimee ?
tr	0	""" Gentlemen , "" he began ."
tr	1	Last words had been spoken , last tender gestures exchanged .
tr	3	""" I think the bullet you put through Fuchs just might have something to do with it all . """
tr	3	Your people are among those who are after me , I am most likely on the most wanted list .
tr	5	"And ' pointed , ' as the Traditions say a Dervish must be , ' like God 's own sword at the heart of injustice ' ! """
tr	1	Don ' know quite how he 's gon na do it .
tr	1	"What the hell is going on , Malcolm ? """
tr	4	The third one came and smacks me , hitting me very close to the temple , to arcade , breaking it .
tr	5	Samantha White was the newest face of the show , which seemed to cycle new , young , attractive women into Jordan 's evening news show annually .
tr	3	He possessed decent looks and a natural charm that never failed to work miracles with his sub-contractors .
tr	3	After carefully placing one drop from it into a smaller tube , she turned to me .
tr	5	Facing the conductor 's window , the clump left his fingertips , giving him an instant to set its course sailing toward the unsuspecting conductor .
tr	5	"Not wanting to correct the Prime Minister on the point of the 6 instead of 2 days , he simply replied "" All of them Sir "" ."
tr	2	The curve of her breasts was visible in perfect roundness under the shirt .
tr	3	""" A very dangerous choice , "" he said with a barely perceptible shake of the head ."
tr	0	The boy looked away .
tr	3	""" I just don 't want to put your sons in danger , "" Neil muttered ."
tr	5	When we first crashed , it was okay -- actually , I was relieved that no matter what , I wouldn 't be saddled with a baby .
tr	2	But the moment they left the fever once again swept through the group .
tr	1	""" Well , no chance , I guess . """
tr	4	He wasn 't interested in radical fighters and all their petty battles over slight differences in religion or generational blood feuds .
tr	5	The thought that he 'd arrived too late , and was too distraught to contact her , ran over and over like a stuck record .
tr	3	They did not allow for the occupant to stand or lie down comfortably and were completely dark inside .
tr	3	""" About the party , "" Lilly Ann gave up just enough to bait the trap ."
tr	3	It has been fifteen years since we left the Isles , perhaps even now the Empress is in danger !
tr	5	Hazelnut eyes met ochre ones and for a few seconds they just locked before she answered , her eyes revealing her shock at the invitation .
tr	0	Just the monster dancing to the song .
tr	1	I was so tired of being lied to .
tr	4	""" We don 't know if these horses are used to being ridden -- "" "" There are saddles all over the barn . """
tr	1	I sprinted the only place left to go .
tr	4	Afterwards , I curl up on the sidewalk , rocking back and forth and shuddering with the need to keep feeding .
tr	5	""" Yes , "" replied the dove , "" soon you shall have your human form back and your soul will be purer than ever ."
tr	2	I didn 't like lying , but I don 't have a choice .
tr	1	I never thought I would love this so much .
tr	2	""" Now that 's what I call a party , "" Taylor exclaimed ."
tr	5	Returning to the intersection inside , the curving hallway spans out before him while the remaining two doors rest on his immediate left and right .
tr	0	Julie looked back at David .
tr	4	Over the next two weeks , several more , similar murders were reported by the FBI - from Florida to Arizona .
tr	0	She was hiding behind the bravado .
tr	0	She shook her head .
tr	5	We paused , collecting ourselves and allowing another ten guards to join our party before we pushed through the massive doors and ambled onto the palace grounds .
tr	0	Anything could set her off .
tr	5	He hadn 't had the opportunity to thoroughly wash himself since he 'd left the Fortress - he , who had taken sometimes two baths a day .
tr	4	The horse must have belonged to one of the three men she 'd incinerated , but Elaina didn 't ask .
tr	5	She grabbed her bag and pulled Daniel to the third floor , to a big portrait of a beautiful lady with black hair and glowing green eyes .
tr	4	"She must have despised me ... "" and finally the words are gone , and I 'm surprised that there are no tears ."
tr	2	I don 't really know what happened to him but John thinks he fell .
tr	3	The crabs had been caught by Neil and Riki , who had returned to the sea the following day .
tr	5	Matthew was terrifyingly aware of several large pieces of the obliterated riverboat as they came to within inches of hitting him , Bax , and Cordelia .
tr	2	I blinked slowly at the clearing haze and stared at the bodies covering the vestibule .
tr	1	""" Medusa 's eye only works on men . """
tr	3	Bite , kick , scream , the cat was back on the floor quicker than even he had anticipated .
tr	4	If at that time it was satisfactory , it was bottled and stored for use , mainly at festive gatherings .
tr	0	""" But wait ! """
tr	4	Once she was up , he followed in a quarter of the time ; Elaina tried to hide her consternation .
tr	0	This time is different , though .
tr	5	It seemed as good a solution as any , and Julie envisioned concealing herself in her lonely bedroom to ward off the memories of too many nights .
tr	0	""" You saved my life . """
tr	2	Taylor nodded in agreement eager to hear the other part of the equation .
tr	4	When two halves were placed together , it would look exactly like a hollow pyramid , with the capstone missing .
tr	0	""" Are you feeling any warmer ? """
tr	4	Running footsteps , and then the doors to the truck were opened , letting in florescent light from an overhead street lamp .
tr	3	"I need you to hold his leg , "" David heard just outside the door of the elevator ."
tr	1	His grip tightened on my arm until I groaned in pain .
tr	4	Gas mask , knife , canister holsters and canisters -- I think I 'm actually fully prepared for a change .
tr	5	The manager at the hostel had said a visit to Tintagel castle would be all the more impressive against the backdrop of the rough sea .
tr	4	She sat with her arms out in front of her , palms facing up towards the shadowy beams of the barn roof .
tr	1	I gripped the straps of my backpack and studied the house .
tr	2	The air is chilled but warming , and the birds are waking up .
tr	3	He trod off to rejoin the main camp as he had other duties that needed his attention .
tr	2	Just then a deep , reverberating growl rolled up from the underbrush .
tr	0	Adepts hated to be questioned or mocked .
tr	1	The vehicle spun to a skidding stop and two doors slammed .
tr	4	"I warn you there will be consequences if you don 't , not the least of which is criminal trespass . """
tr	3	An hour goes by , and his energy is still sparking up and down , his heart thumping fast .
tr	0	"It is awesome . """
tr	5	Some of the others , William and Marco , drew up next to Gabriel , laughing too loudly , and snickering something to the guys behind them .
tr	2	The shapeshifter walked to the rear of the small two-door , and opened the trunk .
tr	0	""" Great job ! """
tr	3	Do you think that stupid get my daughter married was going to go looking for your horse ?
tr	4	He had to chuckle at the realization that again his past had caught up with him and tripped him up .
tr	1	""" Why did you leave the documents out for me ? """
tr	2	I glanced down at it , and gave an almost imperceptible nod .
tr	1	In his long career , he 'd seen a lot .
tr	0	"What could I do ? """
tr	4	"If everyone was strong and smart and there wasn 't disease and stuff , maybe we could fix our other problems . """
tr	2	He had prepared for such an eventuality and had the parts on board .
tr	1	They both were seasoned military men who understood each other implicitly .
tr	5	While the horses enabled the group to travel much farther in a shorter duration than on foot , the monsters still proved to be a restricting obstacle .
tr	4	The moment the final syllable passes through her lips , the ninja is rocked by a sudden punch finding her jaw .
tr	1	Taylor asked without really knowing where he was headed .
tr	0	Not very comfortable clothes for traveling .
tr	4	"Anderson shook his head , "" Graves County consolidation was before my time , I went to Wingo High . """
tr	2	' We 're in a safe house outside Prague , ' said Anna .
tr	1	Rain pounded the roof of the Monte Carlo .
tr	1	John scrambled to his feet and ran to Sarah .
tr	4	That is not my motive , he told himself harshly as he laid back and rolled up in his blankets .
tr	2	She was tall , unlike her mother , easily as tall as he was .
tr	4	He objected to everything Barney did , from the size of his estate to the design of his house to ultimately , the animals .
tr	3	She was still there , facing the wall , huddled inside the long sleeves of her black sweater .
tr	4	He threw a second blanket to the Prince as he pulled out a needle and thread and began a small fire to heat water .
tr	4	Shaking her head , she appears to be alright , but the duo have failed to keep the man from achieving his goals .
tr	3	I am sorry , Mr. and Mrs. Southington but I see no other avenue at this time .
tr	3	Standing on the porch he fingered the button under the speaker set into the red brick .
tr	4	The investigators were not gentle as they scrubbed his skin raw in an effort to remove all of the evidence from his body .
tr	5	I even knew the course : you mustn 't let the horse run away down the hill , because the ground rises towards the finishing line .
tr	5	Later they would be joined by the more occasional and blasé gamblers whose aim was not so much winning but to feel the thrill of the game .
tr	2	Just as I reach his door , I wonder if he locked it .
tr	0	Those are Mayan numbers .
tr	5	"Coming back to the story from the past , I went down to the reception and called Laurence : "" Hey , where are you ?"
tr	2	""" One of ' em said this guy Finn was looking for me ."
tr	0	Missy and Kevin were in luck .
tr	3	Well , he thought , staring down at the treasures he 'd surreptitiously taken from the sand .
tr	0	A frown clouded his face .
tr	4	Reaching the central pedestal , Rift sees the small platform is covered in symbols , but there is no portal to be utilized .
tr	0	Olmec is old -- centuries old .
tr	4	Simultaneously , Hyperion crashed through the rear room of the motel , smashing through the wall into the shapeshifter 's room .
tr	3	Years earlier , MARS Research and Development had managed to produce a working tank / helicopter hybrid .
tr	4	""" Well , "" said Jacob , letting out a long sigh , "" that 's worse than I thought ."
tr	1	""" It 's just got one room , "" he said ."
tr	5	""" That is not a question you want answers to , my dear "" replied the seer , the smile disappearing , her eyes turning to ice ."
tr	2	"I said , "" OK , Linda can Ned collect blood ? """
tr	4	Seize control of the sleepers ' minds , plant a command for them to get out of bed and walk across the street .
tr	4	The slightest noise , the most insignificant excitement or commotion , could cause his tenuous hold on life to break .
tr	4	They made their way as quickly as possible staying in the hollows , only the shadows of early morning hiding them .
tr	3	he wondered , considering her skinny wrists , which looked like twigs poking out of her turquoise tunic .
tr	4	My father would scoff at the notion ... But in all of it , we have changed , haven 't we ?
tr	1	""" Do you think it could be Bill Gates ?"
tr	5	""" After Joe had put him at ease , the guy became very forthcoming , I think a little too forthcoming for his own good ."
tr	2	""" Gon na check on the sheep in the far pasture . """
tr	5	Jimmy stood drenched at the edge of the lake , his eyes bulged in fear as he attempted to run away but , something was wrong .
tr	3	Just to be on the safe side he decided to step off the path and hide behind the tree .
tr	3	The town of Murray was mostly quiet , which he thought of as a good thing .
tr	1	""" Way to go , Dad , "" I whispered ."
tr	4	Elaina saw that the ring of guards had turned , facing the greater threat from a broken world before her head dropped again .
tr	5	Sharon Heller finished setting a plate at the breakfast bar , and she wiped her hands on her apron when she saw Julie in her travelling clothes .
tr	2	If they tortured me , I couldn 't be as strong as Mom .
tr	2	he said in a hoarse whisper and felt a chill cascade through his body .
tr	3	""" Sure , you can spend some of that Captain 's pay buying me sodas . """
tr	1	"He sighed , "" OK , OK ! """
tr	2	He ran upstairs , calling for him , but no one answered .
tr	1	""" Any time now , he 'll leave us again ."
tr	3	""" If it is darkness you want , I can fill all your idle hours . """
tr	2	""" Oh , we 'll find something better , "" Neil said ."
tr	5	But there was one spectacle that particularly stuck in Michael and Ben 's memory : a squadron of open topped aeroplanes parading along the boulevard .
tr	4	Each one had a stone chimney but only the first two had smoke , and , she now noticed , footprints .
tr	2	It looks as if it is searching for something ; most likely us .
tr	5	Her eyes widened , completely caught off guard , but slowly closed as she wrapped her arms around his neck , returning the display of affection .
tr	4	It seemed an almost impossible task and she shifted her pose , stifling a groan as her aching muscles protested .
tr	2	"I 'm glad , actually ; I was worried it would take all night . """
tr	2	Victor 's bodyguard and the driver of the Skoda came into view .
tr	2	' Soul did , ' Victor stated loudly above the furore that followed .
tr	2	"Miriam started forward and asked , "" Are you from the Island ?"
tr	2	Ironically , Olsson 's demise at Reid 's hands had also been his final one .
tr	5	"I 've been looking online -- apparently there 's a miniature railway that runs from here to a place called Walsingham -- "" "" Walsingham ?"
tr	0	""" All the time ."
tr	3	The weapon was pointed directly at Nathan , but the man was so surprised that he froze .
tr	0	Mark hurried to keep up with her .
tr	0	""" I don 't do tights ."
tr	0	I motioned him inside .
tr	5	The shuttle 's first flight will be to fly up to another space station already in space , a dormant Russian satellite in a much lower orbit .
tr	3	This went on for several minutes until they had over thirty questions scribbled hastily by a happy Christy .
tr	1	Behind him , Bruno and Anatole caught my glance and tensed .
tr	1	Tomlinson stepped out of his cruiser as Lucas came screeching alongside .
tr	0	He hands me back my hat .
tr	2	Alejo made out Gabriel 's pale face at the front of the line .
tr	4	memories Sighing and shaking his head , he flips the chest over and shoves the lid open to claim his key .
tr	1	Then I heard the unmistakable voices of Jolie and Malcolm .
tr	1	""" Call it , "" he mumbled quietly ."
tr	4	Closing the distance hurriedly , Link 's sword finds nothing but air as the warlock launches himself skyward once again .
tr	0	He smelled the top .
tr	1	"Bet you wish you had three more ! """
tr	1	He patted her hands as if to comfort her .
tr	3	Stalin sighed dramatically and then ran a finger down the girl 's bloodied cheek , almost guiltily .
tr	3	""" He 's a war horse , "" answered Rafe , "" one of several belonging to Lord Rafe ."
tr	0	""" What kind of problem ? """
tr	2	The ensign on the top of the main mast certainly was her father 's crest .
tr	0	He has a runner 's lean physique .
tr	4	Utilizing Rift 's body like a hammer , Mai slams him downward , his fist hitting the blob with incredible force .
tr	1	""" But ... "" "" Now , Eda ! """
tr	5	Cole puts his hand up to the glass , and I put my hand up to the glass , smile , and head toward the hazardous area .
tr	1	""" Lay the blanket in front of me ."
tr	0	I could grab him .
tr	3	I reached for my phone as she reached for hers , it seemed we both had calls .
tr	4	Alejo , however , had the pained grimace of a man who had just escaped the dentist after a root canal .
tr	4	""" They may be country thieves , but they 're good enough to survive in this large a group for some amount of time ."
tr	0	The sunlight was blinding .
tr	4	The only thing that matters now is Zelda 's safety , and should he find her harmed , he will never forgive himself .
tr	3	He squeezed his wife 's hand and made his way up to the platform and a podium .
tr	1	It sank to the bottom of the pool .
tr	4	""" I wanted to sit next to Simon or Neil , but Simon was too busy turning pages for that sister ."
tr	5	He began to walk again , slowly at first , but then more quickly until he was nearly running , the Guardians following close behind .
tr	4	Her voice was brisk , trying to hide how much this man 's concern for his friend had moved her .
tr	3	I guess lots of old married couples don 't talk when they reach a certain age .
tr	3	""" I saw what your goons do to us if we don 't obey you . """
tr	4	"It seems to be a great waste of time and energy to bring us the wrong stuff all the time . """
tr	0	Heck , why stop there ?
tr	0	"That 's my mirror ! """
tr	1	But with a laugh , I stepped back .
tr	1	""" Put these on in here , "" he instructed ."
tr	2	Chapter Ten Reid tried several lock pins in the keyhole of the oak door .
tr	1	His head was aching and he felt so weak .
tr	4	Not caring that they could see what she was doing , Sarah dug into her pocket and fished out a third round .
tr	5	The xenon gas for the ion drives on return flight , which was six days shorter , was already in the inner hollow walls of the spacecraft .
tr	3	""" May I please wear your comb on top of my head like a conquistador 's lady ? """
tr	0	The latter nodded nervously .
tr	4	""" I think your butt is about to turn nasty shades of red , "" Rick teased , and then turned to Abby ."
tr	3	""" I 'll do the lines , and I won 't pull faces at Aunt Theodosia anymore . """
tr	2	"Evil genius , Frankenstein science , and ... "" He stops and looks at me ."
tr	4	""" For your curiosity , yes , I care about him and I think we are much more then friends ."
tr	4	Next , I moved to the fallen soup kettle and dipped the cloth into the hot water , soaking it .
tr	4	He had come to believe that his true role was in helping mankind to capture the secrets of the aliens .
tr	4	Harold also released the least violent men first to give them time to get on the road before the more dangerous types came after .
tr	1	""" There 's also a woman , "" she said ."
tr	3	Rylan watched him as he led the way off the hill , slinking in the shadows .
tr	0	""" Then what is this about ?"
tr	4	There , on the bow of the Pamela , stood once crisp , now soaked white uniformed men , coffee cups still in hand .
tr	2	""" I 'm not gon na hit ya , "" Chris said ."
tr	0	""" What are you doing ? """
tr	0	Rick added a menacing glare .
tr	4	I can still feel his energy vibrating through the whole house , or maybe it 's just the heavy clang of my own heart .
tr	2	It lets a person in one city contact another person with relative ease .
tr	0	""" Yes , sir . """
tr	1	CHAPTER TWO It happened sometime during their first night .
tr	0	""" Was Sammie your brother ? """
tr	1	""" It 's different for guys , is all ."
tr	5	Ted couldn 't remember them ever being so young , but they had never stopped looking as happy together as they did in that photo .
tr	2	No one moved a muscle as he marched outside , with me trailing bemused behind .
tr	3	""" The assassin your government sent to kill President Phillips said he worked for a man called Gabriel ."
tr	0	""" Go back home ."
tr	4	While keeping his weapon leveled on the woman , he ran his other hand along the wall flicking on a light switch .
tr	5	Dresden gets off the deck holding his broken forearm , a piece of bone sticking up out of the skin , blood staining his lab coat .
tr	0	It was still raining .
tr	0	""" Despite your constant assurances otherwise ? """
tr	5	His team strung a few passes together but they had to deal with Puyol in defence and he wasn 't having any nonsense that day .
tr	1	""" Lord Rafe mentioned that someone had been hurt . """
tr	1	Although what lunatic would be out in this weather ?
tr	0	"Talk to me . """
tr	4	He went into the bathroom and took the two plastic wrapped drinking cups that were provided and tossed one to Rob .
tr	5	Now any sane person would think that I had enough to keep myself busy , what with my boats and planes and golf course and ... ... .
tr	0	""" You girls did an excellent job ."
tr	2	Amphibious vehicles had already crashed onto the shore releasing dozens of men .
tr	3	I had to reach Damian , before he could make a reckless act and to regret all my life .
tr	5	Henderson gets up and walks to the tail section of the airplane , retrieves an orange duffel bag and brings it back to the fire .
tr	1	""" I wondered if you ever did any shooting ."
tr	2	"And now , in the immediate future , what are we supposed to do ? """
tr	0	"Mostly , "" Mark said ."
tr	2	They were forced to pull their knives and hack a path through the tangled shrubs .
tr	4	Every time she flipped past that page , Elaina would smile back at the perky little thing and wonder if they still existed .
tr	3	"The little Roman girl spat and sputtered and angrily glared at Rick , "" What was that for ? """
tr	0	' I can build this . '
tr	5	In the Devil 's Kitchen n the other side of the door was a small , sanded yard , surrounded by four heavy , tall brick walls .
tr	0	And they needed news .
tr	0	He couldn 't wait .
tr	0	The following morning he was gone .
tr	0	You are mad to suggest this .
tr	3	""" Before you two end up heading for Tia Juana , maybe we should go through the deficiencies ? """
tr	2	Dad gave me this when we arrived in Paris as a welcoming gift .
tr	3	"You could get lost or killed if you don 't know what you 're doing . """
tr	2	The thing is , LOA as the name suggests is a Law of the universe .
tr	4	""" But never let it be said that I don ' take orders from the rightful owner of a vessel ."
tr	0	Brogan had such a son .
tr	4	But no such noise came , and he made it across the room and through the large glass doors without incident .
tr	4	Walking forward , he showed them the galley and the crew cabin , fitted with hammocks and tables and wooden lockers .
tr	2	""" Oh , yeah , well ... "" Ricky thought some more ."
tr	4	For some reason she had expected something different , something evil -- red eyes , or black sockets like those creatures in the Book .
tr	4	He lets her get away with the most embarrassing scenes , because he 's afraid of her , I think .
tr	3	David looked at the picture in his hands , then back at the man beyond the elevator .
tr	1	He couldn 't get the words out fast enough .
tr	1	Once again , night closed in around us .
tr	0	He was dead before he knew it .
tr	3	This arrangement provided the families greater protection from the increased acts of robbery and violence outside the prison .
tr	3	"I know four of you are going to bed as soon as we get home , "" Abby determined ."
tr	1	""" Can we get this guy some clothes ? """
tr	5	But they had only managed to take a few steps before they were greeted by the howl of a siren and a terrible racket behind them .
tr	2	""" What are we going to do when we run out of coffee ? """
tr	5	They will become the most populated of the earth ... but if the spirit of Wolf Eyes is not broken , he will single-handedly destroy you .
tr	5	"The bigger guard looked to the smaller one , passing a nod , the smaller one said , "" Show us this necklace , street rat ! """
tr	1	Which meant it would have a heart the shapeshifter could consume .
tr	5	It was the first time I saw her openly speaking to an older man as she did to the giant sailor , with such familiarity .
tr	3	""" The mayor isn 't coming back , at least not when we need him . """
tr	5	He set off at a run , his feet digging deep trenches in the soft ground as he shot through the glen with inhuman speed .
tr	4	""" It is the ones we love best in the world that have the greatest power to hurt us . """
tr	4	It was dark out but whether that was really the case or just her head , she couldn 't tell .
tr	5	' The thing is I 'm confident that we 'll get a video as good as any imaginable for a number of reasons I 'll come to .
tr	1	The captain 's silence lingered for what seemed like forever .
tr	1	Finn stood up and stared down at the man .
tr	1	A cynical smile dawned on Olsson 's face .
tr	5	It was obvious he had rehearsed it several times , not wanting to get bogged down in questions before he could present the essence of his plan .
tr	4	Maria and Caroline aided me and the three of us spent the whole night just talking to her , and being there for her .
tr	5	After a few minutes , Dane breaks contact and sits down at the small table in the tent and asks me to explain what happened .
tr	3	As she stepped onto the colorful carpet she hesitated for a moment as if changing her mind .
tr	4	While the men checked and rechecked their tack and guns and studied the weather , Sarah closed her eyes and prayed .
tr	0	He finally cooperated and got out .
tr	3	I wanted to speak , to apologize , or retch -- I didn 't know which .
tr	5	By the time he had taken two steps the other door of the sedan was open and Billy hopped out with his snake oil smile .
tr	0	Kevin was still whispering .
tr	1	""" He 's not a pony , "" Missy said ."
tr	2	She put a biscuit on the saucer , and she handed it to him .
tr	2	""" Umm , I think I 'm the only one entered in five events ."
tr	4	Just the thought of calling Lilly Ann ' my wife ' made his heart sing and his eyes filled with tears of joy .
tr	2	She listened intently for any sound of her boy and his flock .
tr	1	"Looks like ... "" His words were lost in another crackle ."
tr	4	He looked around wildly , breathing hard , and after a few confused seconds saw another falcon two houses away .
tr	1	Behind me , Frankie mumbled something but I couldn 't focus .
tr	1	Chapter Fourteen It was some time later that Rafe regained consciousness .
tr	2	She came off but got right back on and finished the course .
tr	3	she tried again , more serious this time , but he only shrugged and looked away .
tr	1	I know this , and I 'm going anyway .
tr	4	I ran my fingers over them , and the pulse shocked my fingertips and spread like wildfire up through my arms .
tr	0	""" Hey , it 's Malcolm ."
tr	5	""" You probably should sit down over there , "" Rita said , nodding at a seat on the other side of the stern of the boat ."
tr	2	His hair was dark and a beard covered the lower half of his face .
tr	4	I heard the jingle of the pirates as they moved up through the ship zapping crew unconscious with a taser .
tr	5	He took one last long look at the guy at the end of the bar before leaning forward again and looking up toward the television .
tr	5	said Sophia trying to stop her sister but Natalie had already left the cabin and she had no choice but to follow Natalie 's proposal .
tr	5	""" No sir , there ain 't no silver , "" and it was clear that Hawk was not the least bit happy at this revelation ."
tr	3	If you accept , I would like to propose a time of discipleship here , at the farm .
tr	5	When the door closed behind me , she turned and moved close , pressing her body against mine as she wrapped her arms around me .
tr	2	With my hand cupped around my ear , I turned toward the voices .
tr	1	That was when my mobile phone entered stage left .
tr	3	Taylor slept a lot and enjoyed hot baths in the bath shed next to Lilly Ann 's gingerbread house .
tr	0	What if some accident had befallen them ?
tr	2	""" Aha , "" Barbara said , sitting back as if satisfied ."
tr	4	He tried running his hands through his hair to at least get it off his scalp but it just dropped right back down again .
tr	4	""" Sorry , "" she said , slipping back into bed , careful not to let her cold feet touch his ."
tr	2	""" You give everyone a lot of entertainment , "" it whispered ."
tr	4	Tobias , the other Australian , was scrubbing reddish eyes , obviously trying not to cry as he gave her a quick hug .
tr	5	Dropping to the ground , the smell of damp earth in her nostrils , her heart pounded so loud that she was sure she would be heard .
tr	0	""" You following protocol ? """
tr	4	The people stepped back , leaving us a corridor to approach the scaffold , which waited at the center of the city square beyond .
tr	3	"It might have been digging out food and feeding the child with what it brought out . """
tr	4	If I was lucky , Malcolm and Jolie didn 't even know who it was spying on them from the stairs .
tr	3	The song reaches all through me , echoing in weird ways inside my head until Gabe speaks again .
tr	4	Having forgotten about his faintly glowing triangle , Rift takes a moment to determine the best way to conceal it .
tr	4	He managed to land two hard punches to Jeff 's face , splitting his lips open , before the other three seized him .
tr	2	and she vanished into his embrace as he devoured her lips once again .
tr	2	Neil gasped for air , but Riki only allowed him a few seconds ' rest .
tr	1	""" That 's the idea , "" said William ."
tr	4	Legs flapping in the air , his back slapped onto the floor , the weapon slipping out of his grasp .
tr	1	They secured their lockers and walked briskly to their bikes .
tr	4	The driver dropped Allan , and I off and whisked the two women away before I could say goodbye to Connie .
tr	0	She felt at home .
tr	2	"Signed , Your friend ' ... And what 're we to make of that ? """
tr	0	One round ricocheted off the wing mirror .
tr	5	But Noah would always say that he thought maybe God wanted him to be single , since God hadn 't brought the right girl along yet .
tr	4	He heard Steve 's disgusted sigh before the older Lyndon went to the back of the truck and dropped the steel tailgate .
tr	5	He started walking again , but took only a few steps before he had to bend down and spit the awful taste out of his throat .
tr	4	The North feeling isolated , with a starving population , was left with no alternative but to join in the chaos consuming the globe .
tr	3	"A couple could still ride in the truck if they needed to , couldn 't they ? """
tr	4	I hit one over the head and the other lied down and put his hands up -- some scourge of the seven seas .
tr	0	""" Is that true ?"
tr	2	Looking around he marveled at how time seemed to stand still in this place .
tr	0	There was no humor in her laughter .
tr	5	Two men climbed out of the back and , without a word , disappeared in the direction of the playing field off to one side .
tr	0	I didn 't stop .
tr	3	If you preach to those who didn 't ask , they will not want to know .
tr	4	He had sought Rafe out with the express intention of discovering what had passed between his foster brother and Lady Adele .
tr	5	"It sure does a body good to be fretted over , "" said Bax , a broad smile hoisting his mustache as he stepped into view ."
tr	1	There was no need for larger vessels for this haul .
tr	2	They were about ten feet away when they caught sight of Chris .
tr	0	I probably looked like one too .
tr	0	I had to know .
tr	4	They stopped talking for a moment , Victoria and Jacob absorbing the fact that young Toby was roaming freely throughout NET 's systems .
tr	3	Like if you get shot , it can only tell if you will be killed instantly from that wound .
tr	0	""" I 'll be right out ."
tr	2	A low chuckle left Anna 's lips as she stared down at her hands .
tr	0	Well , him and the university .
tr	2	As a result , the rent on our office space was overdue by a month .
tr	0	""" Poor Dan , "" she said ."
tr	2	We loved one another and the joy of working in the fields made me content .
tr	3	He gave Chris a wink and a half-smile before removing his hat and bowing his head .
tr	4	There are only two people in the building , Tony Wei plus the driver that does the run to Amsterdam .
tr	2	He said my name again , and I dug my fingers into the stone wall .
tr	5	My feet slid into the mud under the cow 's hooves ; I 'd spilled warm milk in my distraction , and it now churned the earth .
tr	3	"My father , ... "" He paused here , but gathered his nerve and quickly continued ."
tr	0	she said , trying to look around .
tr	3	""" With bows and poisoned arrows thirty women could slay all the dragons in the forest . """
tr	2	Cobb knew most of the two dozen or so people gathered around .
tr	2	Chapter Two A persistent ringing brought me out of a deep sleep .
tr	0	You guys sit tight in my office .
tr	5	"I 'm going to make an incision through the back of the calf to inspect and then repair any damage I might find , "" David started ."
tr	1	""" It 's becoming a trend now . """
tr	5	When my fear let me , I crept back in , little by little , listening like a deer -- smelling the air like a deer .
tr	4	He watched as she listened to the conversation at the table , smiling sweetly at the men , and another emotion surged through him .
tr	1	"Tony watched Avi carefully over the top of his Guinness . """
tr	0	There was nothing as she expected .
tr	4	""" Not quite always , "" she said , "" but it 's been a long time since I haven 't . """
tr	5	"I could wind bandages , and wipe her forehead , and spoon gruel for her ... "" Her voice faded away and she stared into space ."
tr	2	I sighed , slipped the container inside the pack and followed in his footsteps .
tr	3	Jenny never even thought about who would eat all the dishes that she liked so much to cook .
tr	3	The voice that had once caused my heart to flutter now made it race with fury .
tr	0	John gave her a barely tolerant look .
tr	5	He stopped after a bit and turned to the gardener , appearing to berate him by gesticulating wildly and pushing one finger into the man 's chest .
tr	3	He started up the path toward the Spruce trees but stopped when he neared the top .
tr	0	""" Shit , "" Gabe whispers ."
tr	2	I figure it might make the difference to us down the road .
tr	3	Nathan raced over and pulled Bethany back , but she was straining , furious with anger .
tr	4	None of them were cowards , but six men were not likely to last long against a force more than ten times their number .
tr	2	I hope Maria wouldn 't be too upset if it cluttered up my desk .
tr	3	Perhaps they 'll even be waiting on the platform when we step off this very train !
tr	4	The blade and silks inspired respect in the cautious , but fools saw the scrawny boy and not the dervish .
tr	0	"He made good time . """
tr	3	""" 1st platoon has the center , 2nd is on their left flank and 3rd is on the right ."
tr	1	""" Can you locate the HS units ? """
tr	3	""" If 'n ye don 't mind me askin , I fear the name has slipped me mind ."
tr	1	He was holding the squirming kid in his arms .
tr	4	""" You don 't mean , "" Mido starts , losing his voice when Fado 's eyes latch onto him for the first time ."
tr	3	She stepped forward , holding the axe by the end of its handle with both hands .
tr	5	""" Oh , no one in particular , just a precaution , "" Elaina added hastily , voice getting higher pitched as Darin moved closer ."
tr	3	~ The small sloop began harassing the tall ships just a few miles outside of Boston .
tr	3	No helmets or spearheads gleamed on battlements , no trumpets sounded , no challenge rang from the towers .
tr	1	Now , Gema , would be twenty three summers old ... .
tr	4	Neil , staring at the men and Mana , thought he had never seen anyone look more magnificent , or nobler .
tr	4	He saw four men running their way , one tall , thin and fleet in the front , the other three trailing behind .
tr	5	""" And shut that damn dog up before it draws more attention , "" he added as he took off at a run after David ."
tr	4	He had never seen the need to keep his true thoughts in check , or camouflage the less desirable of his traits .
tr	3	Crawling , like vermin in the deep , dark , hidden places of Paris fit him perfectly .
tr	1	"For now , it is this organization . """
tr	3	Three weeks of sitting around , looking at the same videos and trying to look busy .
tr	3	"You make lame people look ... uh , much less lame or ... just shut up . """
tr	0	Gabe is called irresponsible .
tr	5	Living like the poor was a mark of the lower orders of the Seeker society who sought to understand humility and a way to the Light .
tr	5	Compared to the others he had only sustained minor injuries -- a broken nose and a nasty bruise on his back from his scuffle with Rick .
tr	2	Then I thought I 'd stop off at Cliff 's for a couple of beers .
tr	3	There was a cot in one corner of the room , and Miriam plopped onto it .
tr	1	Chris almost smiled to see Sykes leg was still uplifted .
tr	0	A smile tugged at my lips .
tr	4	"I 'm taking you home , "" she assures , briefly glancing around before slowly situating the boy onto her back ."
tr	3	I smiled as I turned to face our mutual enemy , with my spear in hand .
tr	0	They kept up the baby steps .
tr	0	He can 't be smothered by earth .
tr	5	""" Not my fault , "" the Prince said , shifting from foot to foot , his hands wringing each other over and over again ."
tr	3	A few nicks were a very reasonable price to pay for not feeling like a bandit .
tr	5	I don 't know why he 's looking for you , but I don 't think he 's the long lost friend he claims to be .
tr	2	""" Just go back to bed and stop playing about , will you ?"
tr	1	She abandoned her purse and duffle bag near Rick 's door .
tr	5	Stopping before a wide , long set of stairs leading into the palace , the minister threw open our carriage 's door and bolted for the palace .
tr	3	It looked like there were two people sitting in one beached canoe and another couple on the sand .
tr	5	""" These folks over there with that flag , they want trouble , they can have it , "" said the scared man , becoming braver . """
tr	0	I didn 't care .
tr	5	"I wonder if being infected directly with the parasite versus being infected with bodily fluids , like I was from the dingo , makes a difference ? """
tr	1	""" Those provisions are from the fort ! """
tr	4	Every organism has developed some means of protection yet none of these proved effective against an incoming meteorite or comet .
tr	4	Turning , Chris saw the captain had been relieved of his noose and been lifted off the floor onto the shoulders of his crew .
tr	1	""" Do we walk or take the van ? """
tr	2	But the captain said no , kep ' insisting we stay bound for the north .
tr	4	He was ' the traveler ' , the only one by which news of the outside ever reached their lands .
tr	4	""" Millennia , dork , centuries are a hundred years , a millennium is a thousand , "" corrected Kaylie ."
tr	1	So far , no one was after me .
tr	2	Eduardo smiled at her , motioning for Tobias to be a gentleman .
tr	1	He was going out on his own terms .
tr	2	Was it her imagination or did he actually wince hearing his own words ?
tr	2	"Allow her to stay and see you recover as quickly as possible . """
tr	0	Asst. Fowler just nodded .
tr	1	""" Bringing in the ships , are we ? """
tr	3	Her eyes looked awkwardly into his , as though she were trying to steel herself for something .
tr	3	On the settee , unseen by his parents , Simon rolled his eyes and held his nose .
tr	2	However , it does not change the fact that I have feelings for you .
tr	3	With that thought he jiggled it a bit and figured it was at least half full .
tr	0	So this wasn 't a dream .
tr	2	"He looked at Missy and said , "" You won 't believe it ."
tr	4	""" Perhaps it isn 't my ignorance you should concern yourself with , "" he declares , selling the bluff well ."
tr	4	They had tentatively reached a deal in principle where the WTR gave them compensation in corn and other hard-to-find items .
tr	0	No biggie either way .
tr	2	""" It 's weird , especially that you ... you know . """
tr	3	And , quite frankly , with that shitty attitude of yours , I wouldn 't blame him . '
tr	5	Not only did I feel like the luckiest guy in the world , I felt as if my world was going to crumble around me .
tr	2	A green light blinks on above the door , and Lo pulls it open .
tr	3	After what seemed like an extremely long time , I pushed up and peeked around the cart .
tr	0	"You were looking pretty down yesterday . """
tr	3	Long tables on both the balcony and the porch held small figurines done in the same style .
tr	1	""" We 're working on some dangerous shit in here Troy ."
tr	4	Beginning slowly , but gradually increasing its pace , a consistent flow of water works its way up Rift 's body .
tr	2	I closed my hands over the back of hers and lifting them gently .
tr	0	Nothing happened right away .
tr	1	""" Else the rain 'll go straight down your back . """
tr	5	While Eva , Logan , and I selected a carriage immediately inside the building , Jacob roused some servants and ordered them to prepare the vehicle .
tr	2	""" No , "" said Ben , "" Ahmad looks familiar to me ."
tr	5	""" Now , if we can just turn some bags of sawdust into a rump roast , I 'll be good , "" he said ."
tr	4	The stone soldier sailed a good ten feet through the air before hitting the ground and rolling several times to a stop .
tr	0	I left my brethren .
tr	1	It had to be him , Campbell thought to himself .
tr	3	They wrapped the blanket around Rick 's body and over his head to form a hood .
tr	2	Staying in one place too long was generally not to his liking .
tr	5	Feeling a bit like a ripe beetroot , he took a sip of coffee to fortify himself ; Riki was right -- it was now or never .
tr	4	Rafe looked from one to the other of their matter of fact faces ; he felt angry and sick at their gloating .
tr	5	Its long , flexible stem becomes a collar of sorts , Rift 's leg just out of reach as the boy painfully climbs back to his feet .
tr	4	he squealed , prying at the hand around his neck just as he felt for the pillars -- neither effort worked .
tr	2	He wasn 't quite sure what was so special about the sixth contract .
tr	0	""" Do you have a car ? """
tr	4	You can visit my website to contact me , read more of my work or follow the link to my FaceBook page .
tr	2	""" This is it , the first test of the Universal Chronicler ."
tr	4	The uncomfortable thought occurred to him that he had taken quite a while to lift a finger on Elaina 's behalf .
tr	4	Concerning the death of your husband nothing has , as of now , been concluded therefore this entire property is a crime scene .
tr	1	The door was made to stand the battering of a siege .
tr	0	Dictatorship or democracy she cares not .
tr	4	"I would gladly end my own life rather than live under their foul lords "" "" How long will we wait ? """
tr	5	""" In times of struggle among Creators , it was dangerous because it explains the mysteries of the pillars , as much as they can be explained ."
tr	1	""" How did you know where Adele was ? """
tr	1	The pain was excruciating for Jimmy and the telepath .
tr	1	Christy almost yelled in his ear from the excitement .
tr	0	Chris looked up at the professor .
tr	0	Now what would he do ?
tr	2	With the slightest of throws , he sent the two pieces vanishing in opposite directions .
tr	2	Gabe takes off his cap and runs his fingers through his wavy hair .
tr	2	Both women clung to the horse and prayed that they might keep their seat .
tr	4	""" It 's fine , "" the Exile girl said hotly , "" what do you think they 'll say ? """
tr	5	My grandfather was murdered for them , my mother was sent to another world for them , my friend is lying in a medical bed for them .
tr	0	She could not deny it anymore .
tr	0	She extended her hand .
tr	5	Still , save for his eyes constantly looking for movement , and his ears listening for something that didn 't belong , he was invisible .
tr	3	Colorful paintings and mosaics covered all outside surfaces creating a stark contrast to nature 's colors all around .
tr	4	The storm becomes even more intense , the downpour shrouding the entire dome as more shifting stone rumbles in the distance .
tr	2	""" Here , Willie , take this hat and bring me two riding hats . """
tr	5	Once the tents were set up and the stew was warmed up enough to eat , Charles went to the car and told her dinner was ready .
tr	4	I thought back to the last few months ... The nature island of Dominica was a relatively untouched beauty among the buzz of civilisation .
va	0	""" What did I do ? """
va	2	You were crying , but only as little babies cry because they can 't talk .
va	5	"Rowan talked : "" I tell myself we all run the risk of horror ; any child can be a monster , a bringer of death ."
va	3	One of the other soldiers was quietly scoffing , and the mean soldier held his peace .
va	1	"Little Symeon shouted , "" The fire , the fire ! """
va	5	Maybe it was New Orleans holding me in its arms , just because it was old and creaky and nonsensical and deliberately and accidentally picturesque .
va	0	""" I know , "" I said ."
va	4	""" There , there , come in here , Yuri , "" he said , without so much as looking up ."
va	3	There was no change in her , except the breeze caught a few strands of hair .
va	0	Joseph went after him .
va	2	""" How are we to know the will of the Lord ? """
va	3	But he had too good a head start , and his legs were so much longer than theirs .
va	3	His cough came and went but he was hot all the time , and thirsty and restless .
va	1	I rolled over , my head on my arm .
va	5	"I think I know who she is , but the point is , I came on her unexpectedly and I lay with her . "" """
va	5	But he refused to run , refused to scramble out like some frightened bird , awkward , humiliated , perhaps even injuring himself in his haste .
va	0	No one heard me .
va	2	""" It was a good moment to die , "" he said ."
va	2	""" Listen to what I say to you , my child , "" she said ."
va	1	Slowly as I watched , the village disappeared .
va	5	And both the women in his life had praised his writing to the skies , and lectured him at length on what he failed to grasp .
va	2	He stopped and looked at me to make sure I understood him .
va	3	There was a little wall there , just high enough so we couldn 't fall - .
va	5	The music was low , furtive , patient , like the breath of a beast who was dozing , and dozing they were , Laura and Reuben .
va	3	""" Do you know how quickly our population doubles itself and then triples and then quadruples ?"
va	2	I knew it when I watched the other children that morning at play .
va	2	His car had crossed the river , and was speeding towards the airport .
va	4	""" Eventually we 'll have to find some more remote place , some other curse or legend to protect us ."
va	4	"You cannot think of me in those terms , Rowan Mayfair , even if my voice reminds you of him . """
va	5	When Philo offered a gift for my education , a little purse that he wanted to put into Joseph 's hand , Joseph said no .
va	0	""" Okay , I 'll bite ."
va	3	""" Ah , so I remember , "" said the Rabbi , "" and you are so right ."
va	4	""" Now you go back and sit down , "" said Mary Jane , "" the lights will be on in a jiffy . """
va	4	""" Not some evil that stole its way in , some lying , deceiving thing that nourished alienation , madness ."
va	5	Should he simply drive the back roads in the vicinity of the kidnapping , listening with his new acute hearing for the victims , cries ?
va	4	As soon as I did , it was as though I suddenly gained both weight and mass , and was free-falling to my death .
va	1	""" How is this helping , exactly ? """
va	0	Maybe I should have looked inside .
va	5	She stretched out her arms and ran , through the pantry and the dining room and down the long hall , and then up the stairway .
va	3	""" Stop it , you can 't keep us here , you can 't put us here ! """
va	4	Slowly she sat down in the chair at the table , across from Rowan , the same place she 'd taken every day .
va	0	""" Is it always like this ? """
va	3	""" Go there , and sit with your mother and the children , "" he said ."
va	1	This was good for my mother because she was fearful .
va	1	Maybe I saw the light coming through the lattices .
va	0	""" Like ... this ."
va	5	We make blunders , we make mistakes , and somehow new doors open , new possibilities arise , opportunities of which we 've never dreamed .
va	0	I walked out with my head down .
va	3	""" Well , I don 't really understand the mass-production methods , but I know your dolls ."
va	1	Suddenly , we were pushed this way and that .
va	1	""" I say Joseph Caiaphas is a fine young man ."
va	4	Now in Alexandria , I had , like any good Jewish boy , never let my eyes stray to the pagan temples .
va	3	"Besides , I 've got more courage than imagination , that 's always been the case . """
va	2	He meant the money changers , and the people who disputed with them .
va	1	""" Picture it , "" he said in Greek ."
va	1	and they were gone , tiny dots against the sky .
va	4	I couldn 't help wondering if there were other messages for me , scattered throughout the world or on the other ships .
va	5	A glistening gaggle of teenage girls passed him , giggling and laughing and then rushing into the dining room , obviously on a mission to explore .
va	1	""" I 'll make my words quick , "" Elizabeth said ."
va	5	And he did so love the skies over New York City , the full panoramic skies which the people in the streets never really saw .
va	2	Little Salome was shrieking with excitement the way she shrieked when we played .
va	1	An old woman without teeth stood there laughing .
va	2	It had been rough , though , and sort of terrible to watch .
va	0	""" Acacia Jones . """
va	1	""" You spoke the truth , "" I said ."
va	1	I didn 't want to flee into sleep .
va	3	Rowan , you 're arranging all this as if we were pawns you 're moving on a chessboard .
va	5	When Joseph raised his arms in the chanting , I managed to get out from under him , and I got up on my knees .
va	3	I 'd Walked by accident the first time , and had drawn the attention of HEX .
va	4	Once again the light changed , darkening , and the trees expanded , crowding out the sky and breaking it into tiny glowing fragments .
va	4	He drank some of the fresh drink , about half , and licked his heavy crooked lower lip with an amazingly pink tongue .
va	0	Take those words to Herod .
va	3	But maybe I 'm arguing for sensitivity - on the part of those who read these books .
va	5	I knew this because I knew every little move of her face , of her eyes and her lips , and I could see it .
va	1	I didn 't want to look at him .
va	4	He had taken off his tweed jacket , and the white shirt pulled painfully over his stunted arms and hump .
va	0	All of us knew .
va	1	The voice seemed to be coming from Hue .
va	1	Joseph hadn 't spoken one word to me about it .
va	3	Old Sarah was the place where my father 's family and my mother 's family were joined .
va	5	""" Come outside now , "" he said in his now practiced lisping whisper , as his eyes moved over the crowd before the bank 's entrance ."
va	0	said another forcing his way towards us .
va	1	And even then I slept most of the time .
va	2	""" Yes , grovel while we fight for your freedom , "" said another ."
va	2	""" Michael , you 've never been in the Bayou Country , "" said Celia ."
va	1	But I knew the truth of it , nonetheless .
va	2	The fear came up in me , and I pushed it back down .
va	1	""" They gave me the power to fix everything . """
va	5	I came as a lone Scotsman wandering through the land , eager to talk to the bards of the Highlands about their old stories and legends .
va	3	""" Well , if you want to buy two birds , then you change to this ! """
va	2	And again there came over her a sense of how bereft he really was .
va	2	Absurd conclusions were reached on the basis of little or no data at all .
va	3	The wires that fed from his machine were glowing blue , and I could hear them .
va	3	Too perfect , he thought , it 's as though the powers that be were on our side .
va	4	""" The way that he once belonged to me , the spirit who came to me , full of lies ."
va	4	And that was probably why I was circling these same places more and more often , free of my many disguises .
va	1	So this is what they kept from me .
va	3	""" Yes , "" said Tommy , "" we 're all too cold now to speak anymore . """
va	4	But the two had been so careful with each other ; it had been lovemaking , yes , but in the safest way imaginable .
va	0	I could barely see him .
va	0	Adam didn 't even have a mother .
va	2	""" No , but I saw another boy step in one . """
va	5	He lay back against the old rotted tree and listened , urging the boy again to be silent with the firm grip of his paw .
va	0	""" The city of David . """
va	5	He tried to pick her up off the ground but she threw him over and they wrestled , rolling into the shadows against the boulders .
va	3	His laser retracted and he strode forward , grabbing one of the light beams for himself .
va	1	""" The Lord is everywhere , "" I answered ."
va	1	That fool , Simon , is just one of them .
va	2	""" You know you 'll be rich soon , Miss Paget . """
va	4	""" If I did cure him , then I won 't go to hell after all , "" said Mona ."
va	1	But Elizabeth and her son John didn 't live there now .
va	0	""" Look to him ! """
va	1	No lie would ever pass the lips of my brother James .
va	2	""" Yes , yes , and you take them back to - where was it ?"
va	2	Yes , I 'd recognized my need to continually reassure myself , thank you .
va	2	And your mother went through her pain in the back of the stable .
va	3	""" Nah , I gave up on that when you stood up to the Old Man . """
va	0	She shook her head .
va	5	The thing was to be ready , to be calm , to sleep perhaps , sleep , listening to the sounds of the brick and the mortar .
va	1	We have the Torah , the Prophets , the Tradition .
va	3	She was wearing mostly the same clothing she 'd worn before ; her hair was the same length .
va	5	Seems she had whispered something like that to him when they were in the thick of it , and it hadn , t mattered then .
va	4	Now and then Rowan stopped at her dresser before she went down , and put on a bit of lipstick .
va	4	""" Goodbye , Yuri , "" she said gently as she passed him , and she turned with her hand on the rail ."
va	4	Because on this day the High Priest would seek to atone for all the sins of the people of Israel .
va	2	It has lost all formality , and instead abides by an intense compression .
va	4	When I look back on it , I know that up to that point in my life , I always fought sleep .
va	2	The others went on ahead , the women first except for Old Sarah .
va	0	I never wanted to sleep .
va	1	"I 'll put you to work this minute . """
va	1	But then Herod 's men had killed Zechariah !
va	2	If it was true , no one else could see it or sense it .
va	0	"Philo would see to it - . """
va	3	He was looking down at the town , and conscious that both of the others were staring at him .
va	2	But something happened to me that may not be recorded in any book .
va	2	It was like opening a wooden door , or pulling back a curtain .
va	0	"Sit and wait . """
va	3	Two of the other women caught hold of her and took her away from the men .
va	4	"There aren 't many , but - "" "" But their power can destroy worlds with a single glance , I know . """
va	5	And the past ; the past was not fun anymore and never would be , but something inherited with its burdens , its curses , its secrets .
va	0	""" You hear that ? """
va	3	""" See , "" Gordon said , his fingers resting on the oiled wood as if on the sacred ."
va	2	I didn 't remember leaving the mess hall , or getting back to my room .
va	0	""" You okay ? """
va	5	I soon learned what I should never have forgotten , that Rome was sacked in 1527 , at which time thousands of lives were lost .
va	3	Ash rose to his feet suddenly , his head almost touching the top of the cabin .
va	0	Then the other two Rabbis laughed .
va	0	He couldn 't hold it back .
va	5	When Ryan had bought it for her , he 'd said she should never be in a limousine that was not black and was not a Lincoln .
va	4	Though it felt like I 'd been falling forever , I 'd hit the ground from maybe two , three feet up .
va	3	""" But what I can tell you now is I am glad the female is dead ."
va	4	""" I think I want all that , since you ask , "" said Michael , with a little shrug and laugh ."
va	3	She didn 't press down to feel the hard little lump that Dr. Salter had let her feel .
va	5	We all smiled and we all nodded , and we all felt it as we always did , and the laughter warmed us as it always did .
va	4	The trees grew taller , then shorter , one was struck by lightning , then was whole and green again .
va	5	"And you must not let them force your ... your blood to rise , as it were , as it seemed it did tonight . """
va	0	Here it was a different story .
va	0	He glanced at my arm .
va	4	I think , though I 'll never know , that ours was an island , very large , yet an island .
va	5	The old stones were so worn that they showed hardly any of the marks of the mason 's tools anymore , and they were big stones .
va	0	""" How are you ? """
va	4	""" I 'll explain that Stuart is very very ill , and that you 're going to stay with her until help comes . """
va	3	""" Samuel , people are always watching you , wait - "" "" Your hair , Ash ."
va	0	What had I done ?
va	5	The Jeep bumped and jogged along the freeway , swerving to pass a car , and then gained speed again as it sailed into the left lane .
va	0	""" Joey Harker . """
va	3	And suddenly Mona felt as awkward and unloved and as unwelcome as she ever had in her life .
va	4	She lay in Morrigan 's arms and Morrigan lay in hers and - It was evening when she opened her eyes .
va	3	He said he could get her to England , if I 'd take over once she arrived .
va	4	I know of them what you know , and what has been confirmed now that Gordon and his cohorts have been discovered .
va	0	His face didn 't show much .
va	0	"Somebody said it was over . """
va	3	""" Come out with it , "" he said , "" or I may die without hearing it . """
va	4	Why in the name of God hadn 't Stuart been clever , why hadn 't he known how to deflect Yuri ?
va	0	I swallowed , closing my eyes .
va	0	I suddenly felt a ton better .
va	2	I crawled into it , praying I 'd find Jerzy already there .
va	1	""" I wanted to go into Jericho ! """
va	3	If he had ever been this apprehensive in his life , he didn 't remember it .
va	3	But her hair is white , completely white , not a single live strand remains in it .
va	2	""" No , I tell you , I will be the one ! """
va	1	Don 't know what IW will be like in the future .
va	3	"I asked him right away , "" Will we ever see our cousin John again ? """
va	5	We had fruit trees all around the landing then , before the wisteria got them like a giant boa constrictor , you know , and blackberries ?
va	3	He was experiencing the first symptoms of a brain tumor from which he died in less than four months .
va	2	I wanted it that way - the sky in bits and pieces .
va	0	He looked at my uncles .
va	2	He rules from there , but the Romans are already on the march from Syria .
va	2	"We 'll be here with some hot supper for you when you wake up . """
va	0	I felt chilled all over .
va	3	Mona reached up for her own hair ribbon , to adjust it , to make her head stop itching .
va	2	I had time for about two seconds of abject panic before I hit the ground .
va	2	His eyes came back to me , and his look was sharp .
va	3	""" Yeah , bereft , "" he said , and there was something almost mean in his smile ."
va	1	Enough talk of the bad things of long ago .
va	2	I can only recommend him without reservation , and go on studying him .
va	3	I started up the mountain , testing each rock carefully with my foot before putting my weight on it .
va	5	Stuart , seated between Felix and Thibault on the other side of the table , in a white T-shirt and jeans , began to cry .
va	0	We knew what had happened .
va	1	I did remember , really , what she 'd said .
va	3	All this about my mother 's fearfulness I hadn 't really put together in my mind until it changed .
va	1	""" That I 'm a Time Agent . """
va	0	He paused , hovering uncertainly .
va	0	He didn 't believe me .
va	2	""" No , "" she tugged on my arm , and I paused ."
va	0	I had to stay by her side .
va	5	"Well , there you have the entire moral story of the human race and all the immortal races in a nutshell , don 't you ? """
va	0	"The Teacher was talking to me . """
va	3	My cousin Zechariah , a priest with gray hairs , being kicked by the soldiers of Herod .
va	0	"The girl , too . """
va	5	CHAPTER TEN THE FUNERAL WAS A lot like Jay 's had been , except I saw it from the front row instead of the infirmary window .
va	2	Of course Rowan remembered Aaron , if she remembered anything at all .
va	5	And there was no time now for the passion he felt , for the consummation of anger and hurt and love that he needed so desperately .
va	0	But a man was coming .
va	1	He was no longer full of anger or tears .
va	5	I liked to play it so much in the Amistad Suite , I didn 't care if the room service waiters heard or saw me .
va	0	The window had only a thin veil .
va	2	I can remember when its catacombs enclosed a library no bigger than this room .
va	3	""" We 're in the house here , we 're all together , and we 're safe . """
va	1	I wanted badly for the screams to die away .
va	1	""" Please , brother , "" she said ."
va	4	He had his back to her , and when he turned around , the light from the bathroom shone on his face .
va	4	He had clapped his hands over his lips , the little steeple of his fingers collapsed to shut in his pain .
va	4	"' Our full hearts are swelling , our glad voices telling the tale of the loveliest rose of the dale ! ' """
va	1	It was mesh , see-through , but vaguely human shaped .
va	2	The old Rabbi was there and at once got up from his table .
va	5	His voice was still the voice of the beast , but also very much the voice of the man , with its distinct melodic power .
va	5	And though he had not sprung full-grown from his mother 's womb , he had nevertheless been born of a virgin , which was just as miraculous !
va	3	""" It 's a sterile priesthood , "" said Tommy , the voice once again devoid of all feeling ."
va	4	We were all baptized in the Name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy Ghost .
va	0	But no one answered the men .
va	0	My mother lifted me off my feet .
va	5	But the point was , Uncle Ryan had never guessed that the fast-talking and inquisitive female on the other end of the line was not Mona .
va	4	It looked solid enough ; unfortunately , what things look like in the In-Between isn 't always what they are .
va	2	The man dropped the stone he held , and fell back with his eyes wide .
va	2	""" Ah , so it 's fallen down , has it ? """
va	0	She lay down beside me .
va	3	Our kinsmen were told , and they told other kinsmen and some came to the Essenes and told .
va	5	"Can 't I take her into her parents ' house there to rest until she is strong enough to see her parents in the castle ? """
va	2	The bearded man kept his hand in my way , but his face was kind .
va	4	Sometimes he walked through Manhattan , deliberately seeing every face as made , no nose , no ear , no wrinkle accidental .
va	3	Over the chanting , over the sound of the engines and the machines , I could hear them .
va	0	Now , he was standing right there .
va	1	Our voices were echoing off the sides of the mountains .
va	4	""" I 've been working on my education in several different ways , I 'd like to know what you think about it ."
va	1	The other men were picking up the little ones .
va	0	One of them pointed .
va	2	She would do addition on her fingers , maybe even with a calculator .
va	0	I gobbled the bread .
va	2	Acacia 's voice drifted up from my lap , weak and strained .
va	5	Reuben stepped up to him quietly , took the gun from his hand , and squeezed the man , s thick slippery neck until his windpipe broke .
va	0	Making sure it happens .
va	5	She sat still on the side of the bed , her shoulders slightly hunched , her hair falling down against her cheek , her eyes gazing off .
va	4	""" You 're a clone , "" I told Joaquim , and I had the small satisfaction of seeing him pause ."
va	4	The Romans , by the way , never did reach our glen , though for two hundred years they campaigned in Britain .
va	3	People were going around him , and nobody wept for him , and nobody knelt beside him .
va	1	But I didn 't say so to myself .
va	0	My mother bent down and she pointed .
va	3	But she was not repelled , merely young and overwhelmed , and anxious over simple transitions .
va	1	When my mother finally came , we set off .
va	5	This was a little house of the woods made by someone who had loved the woods and wanted to be in it without disturbing it .
va	1	""" Trouble in Jerusalem , "" I said ."
va	5	And we talked , you and I , about the poet William Carlos Williams , and that he 'd been a doctor as well as a poet .
va	3	"You know the better part of the army 's marching south to Jerusalem , don 't you ? """
va	3	""" Beatrice , shame on you , "" Celia had said , glancing pointedly at Michael ."
va	3	He wasn 't leading me so much as he was allowing me to see the path .
va	2	They were all over the place , sometimes even walking right through me .
va	2	He turned a pained reddish green , seeming to huddle around himself .
va	0	The old Rabbi laughed .
va	5	See the pistols in their hands , and now , now they draw their guns to shoot , and tiny flames burst from the barrels !
va	0	And somehow I went to sleep .
va	5	He slumped down on the leather couch and , carefully removing one glove , he wiped his forehead as though a terrible ache were bothering him .
va	5	kicking me in the face , and in the ribs , until his father grabbed him around the waist and picked him up in the air .
va	2	I loved the vines with their white flowers fluttering in the breeze .
va	0	""" Reach for me . """
va	3	In the House of Prayer , he would laugh when he thought the stories of the prophets were funny .
va	2	I didn 't ... I don 't ... She never spoke after that , Michael .
va	0	""" But I have skilled work ! """
va	2	Wright does a great deal more to put the entire question into historical perspective .
va	2	She turned fully toward me and put her hands on her hips .
va	4	Where I 'd walked in alongside Jo after Jerzy 's funeral , berating myself for not having taken her hand .
va	0	"Such as - ? """
va	2	Even the priests going back and forth seemed like the movement of a dance .
va	3	Joseph looked at me with a secret smile , as everyone else went out into the silent snowfall .
va	2	The old men laughed first and then the boys who were seated on the floor .
va	5	At last we opened the double doors of the study , and the servant quickly lighted several more candles for us as the shutters were drawn .
va	5	I was so unworthy of my long-ago love , and my newfound son , so utterly unworthy , and they had no conception of it .
va	1	The first prayer we all said together in Jerusalem .
va	1	""" Who knows if there is even a High Priest ? """
va	4	And of course there was the second pregnancy , the one no one else knows about , except Rowan and Michael and me .
va	2	And the white-haired females were so few , because the birthing made them wither young .
va	3	My uncles whispered in the light of the lamps that would never go out on the Sabbath .
va	5	Then the car was gone and they were gone , and the great beautiful world of the Mission Inn seemed empty as it had never seemed before .
va	4	The fact that her skin was dark , sort of olive and possibly tanned , made the girl look something like a human palomino .
va	2	"It was the end of their journey , and they were satisfied . """
va	3	We were laughing as we always laughed at things we talked about for which there seemed no one answer .
va	4	There aren 't many of them , but they 're so powerful that a single glance from one could destroy a world .
va	2	"She knows I am her slave till the day I die . """
va	2	I 'd never been so glad to see anything in my life .
va	3	I saw the man , our man , in the Temple with the spear through his chest .
va	0	Everyone was shouting it with great excitement .
va	3	Your brain , though flooded with new chemicals and combinations of chemicals , is still your brain .
va	4	One side of his face was covered in scratches and abrasions , and he looked as tired as I felt .
va	5	I 'd crept off with his daughter into the family guesthouse , and never dreamed all these years that she 'd had a child as the result .
va	0	""" Hey , Joe ."
va	4	I had nothing but the burning need to not let the traitor who shared my face get away with Jerzy 's death .
va	1	""" Yes , that 's what I said ."
va	5	He felt the weight of the beast on top of him , pinning him to the floor , and then the bellowing of the two men stopped .
va	3	""" No , not at all , not since this morning , when he declined to take charge ."
va	4	And this girl was interesting , putting it all together on her own , with far less nuts and bolts than Mona had .
va	3	"She sat down again , and began to type as fast as before : "" Nerves on edge ."
va	0	I wished it was daylight .
va	4	And we learnt it from our slaves as soon as the first marvelous connection between symbol and word was made .
va	5	And I always drove just a little too fast , with my window rolled down and my bare arm showing , and nobody saw me at all .
va	0	James he allowed to stay there .
va	1	I spun around , saw nothing , darted behind Hue .
va	4	I must confess I did it rather for the hell of it , as Yuri and I hadn 't yet exchanged a single word .
va	4	In his book The Resurrection of the Son of God , he answers solidly the question that has haunted me all my life .
va	2	"' Was this not the very thing I knew would happen ? ' """
va	3	""" Are you sure you didn 't grow up in Mississippi and maybe even Texas ? """
va	1	And so it was resolved , we would go by ship .
va	2	"Why didn 't Joseph want to say that it was in - . """
va	1	""" You 've been gone too long , "" he said ."
va	5	Light leapt out from behind the north end of the house , and seemed to penetrate the mist as though it were made of tiny golden particles .
va	2	What time there was from work , I went to the Rabbis .
va	0	They had copies of it .
va	1	Armageddon , if you want to be dramatic .
va	4	It was the Chinese detective coming into the room , the sound of dirt under his shoe making that awful noise against the tile .
va	4	Every gable except for one , which held the bed deep inside , and next to it , an oil lamp .
va	2	Now , she shook her head before she began and she lifted her hands .
va	5	The air was moist , as if at any moment the featureless sky would dissolve into rain , but by ten a.m. , it hadn 't happened .
va	5	You 've been doing that statue routine for hours ; now that you 've started talking , you don 't get to just stop again .
va	3	James closed his eyes in prayer as he held the two birds , waiting for the priest to come .
va	5	His cheeks were ruddy from the weather , and his eyes were ablaze with a deep passion for the concepts and ideas he was expressing .
va	0	""" Who are you ! """
va	1	""" So we fell through the world ? """
va	5	I loved the little street and the houses of white plaster and the vines that grew on our lattices even in the chill of spring .
va	3	""" Look , I won 't tell you who the others were , I told you . """
va	3	"If there 's any doubt , any whatever , don 't tell him till that doubt is resolved . """
va	4	It had been so long since he had seen witches of this power , and he had never seen witches with more .
va	3	""" I 'm blaming me , "" I said honestly , and he shook his head ."
va	4	He moved closer , what the hell was all this distance about , all this respecting of one another 's privacy , feelings ?
va	2	They would do as I asked , I was sure of it .
va	4	The guard was nowhere in sight now , but that didn 't mean much on a property of this size .
va	1	I couldn 't see it , this time .
va	4	""" Take me to the gates of the Temple and leave me there , a beggar , if you will ! """
va	2	""" I thought perhaps ... "" "" No , I 'm healed ."
va	0	He tried to run from the Lord .
va	0	What had they looked like ?
va	4	And my period will finally come , like it always does , and my doctor will give me yet another lecture .
va	1	Down below a man played the pipe and another man sang .
va	4	I had no more hope , no more dreams ; I had no more words , and no more thirst for anything !
va	0	She laughed , eyes sparkling .
va	4	""" Yes , "" said Joseph , "" and the angel of the Lord will be with us until we reach Nazareth . """
va	1	""" And you know I want you to come to Nazareth ."
va	4	The chair felt so soft , he could not imagine climbing out of it later on to go to bed .
va	2	""" Our house is in Nazareth , "" said my mother to me ."
va	4	I felt my feet leave the ground as the darkness continued to take shape , forming into a figure from my nightmares .
va	4	"No loyal member would have mentioned the Elders to anyone outside , or said things that were so defensive and obvious . """
va	2	She turned and stared through the gates , across the glaring pool .
va	2	But it seemed as beyond reach now as words had been so soon after that .
va	1	""" I know , "" he said to me sadly ."
va	4	He didn 't mind sitting in the car for the moment , watching people walk past the elegant front doors of Claridge 's .
va	0	He stopped because Joseph had turned away .
va	4	Only a great valley spread out in front of us , and what a sight of olive trees and blowing fields it was .
va	5	"She asked me how I was , she wanted ... "" And there he had choked up , both times that he told this story ."
va	4	You must grow up like any other child or was it Little David back to the flock until they called him ?
va	2	"' I 'd sooner be Herod 's pig than his son . ' """
va	4	She remembered thinking about it , thinking about both sounds in a detached way , without alarm , without response .
va	4	But nowhere in the dark wood could I find my horse , and within moments I heard the laughter of the Little People .
va	1	""" Why can 't we go on to Nazareth ? """
va	3	Joseph waved his finger at me for my attention and grandly shook his head : No .
va	2	He 'd looked at me , and warned me , and died .
va	4	""" Mona Mayfair , it 's Rowan Mayfair on the phone , all the way from England , calling you ! """
va	0	""" No questions now ."
va	2	""" A student who seeks the wisdom of your gray hairs . """
va	2	It infuriated me that he 'd died on a training mission , of all things .
va	4	He thought of the brief union on the sofa , on the library floor , and this , this frail and unpredictable thing .
va	0	What could we do ?
va	3	""" But I can tell you what I saw , myself , with my eyes . """
va	1	He nodded , and we held each other .
va	5	Reuben yanked him forward by the hair of his mane and then hurled him against the stone mantel and the beast let out a strangled roar .
va	2	But I loved to be up there and look out over the valley .
va	4	""" It is good enough , "" said Joseph , "" but he 's a Pharisee and Pharisees are careful ."
va	0	I could hear noises all around me .
va	2	"Everything was burned - I 've nothing left but the foundations . """
va	1	And I loved the bathing in the Jordan River again .
va	0	I opened my eyes .
va	3	I prayed for the angels to come to me as they would to anyone on the Earth .
va	3	He fell back again , tired , unable to go on , but his eyes never left me .
va	1	My mother backed up against the wall , holding me close .
va	3	"He had said that when they painted houses in the Victorian times they used "" saddened "" colors ."
va	2	"And when he enters , it is filled with a cloud of incense . """
va	1	Jay 's eyebrows shot up almost to his hairline .
va	3	People streamed down to the banks from all directions , and others had made camps nearby .
va	4	Her entire body convulsed suddenly and she reached for the place where he 'd hurt her again and again and again .
va	4	"She hummed the tune now without the words , picturing the forests , and the green land , and flowers . """
va	5	A magnificent possibility was occurring to him , that disparate things might in some way be united in ways we had to come to understand .
va	0	He said her name .
va	0	I was saying good-bye .
va	3	When I die , which will be soon - and no , don 't say that it won 't .
va	4	All the images of his tale went through her mind , the sonorous timbre of his voice , his gentle eyes as he spoke .
va	5	Well , there was time to deal with Jim , to made amends , to give thanks , to thank him for taking over with Susie Blakely .
va	2	I saw the little lambs and the goats going to the sacrifice .
va	1	""" Will we still go to Jerusalem ? """
va	3	"She said , "" This is my brother , "" and she went with him alone ."
va	3	The lantern stood at the very front , like there was a little bench or something especially for it .
va	0	""" I ran up . """
va	1	Little Salome sat on his left , watching everything he did .
va	0	"By Binary , and HEX . """
va	4	he cried , and reached out , ignoring the flame , as if to grab the little man 's throat and lift him .
va	5	"If he 's made you a child , then he 's made you a child to grow in wisdom as well as in everything else . """
va	1	We had delicious melons and cucumbers from our own soil .
va	4	""" And as for the mikvah , it has a tiny hole in the very bottom , so the water continues to move always ."
va	4	As for Gifford and Alicia , they 're dead , and Ancient Evelyn is too sick , and Ryan is too dumb .
va	0	In it were delicious curds with honey .
va	0	That was only mostly true .
va	2	There was no psalm with an ant in it that we knew .
va	0	There were too many of them .
va	3	"He spoke to me in Aramaic , "" Where is Elisha who was taken up in the chariot ? """
va	3	""" These magi , as you call them , these wise men , they came to Jerusalem ."
va	4	His mouth closed on her nipple , sucking the sweet nectar of flesh alone , moaning as he burrowed against her .
va	4	Sometimes we bring in the street people to sleep in the lobby , to feed them and bed them down .
va	1	""" No , not so fast , "" said my mother ."
va	5	The later figs were so many from our courtyard and the garden that some were taken to the village market at the bottom of the hill .
va	0	"They were "" thirsty for blood . """
va	3	Inside him the grief and the guilt boiled and the stark , awful terror of death became unendurable .
va	0	The Teacher was frowning at Joseph .
va	4	"They want you to go for tests , you know , "" Ryan had been saying as Mona came in for a final good-night ."
va	3	And there was his brother beside him , repeating in a maddening echo the very same words .
va	1	Jews all over the world kept the sacred Feasts .
va	3	Mary Jane grabbed the top slice , mushed it together , and started sopping up veal juice .
va	0	""" Was it completed ? """
va	0	""" I know it . """
va	2	She had , in spite of everything , a sort of deliberate and successful style .
va	2	""" Your injuries should heal in a matter of weeks , three at the most ."
va	1	The terrible fires had not harmed this place .
va	5	In reading his descriptions , which took seriously the words of the Gospel itself , I saw what was happening to Jesus in the text of John .
va	0	"Now you , you go . """
va	3	""" You and I are second cousins , "" Mary Jane had said to Mona , renewing her approach ."
va	1	His face was even more kind than before .
va	5	What could they do but send for the Earl 's soldiers to take me to Paris , which they did , and there I joined my sister .
va	4	""" Yuri , the gypsy , said it was one of you , and Yuri wouldn 't lie in such a matter ."
va	2	She spoke in Aramaic , our tongue which we didn 't speak very much .
va	0	""" You know that it 's true ."
va	5	Then the fur began to melt away , his skin drew breath , and he looked down again at his hands , his familiar hands .
va	5	A shock passed through him as he looked at it , thinking of Laura again , and the scent of the deer outside her house .
va	5	""" Listen , before you fly away here , darlin ' , who would you say is your very best trusted next of kin ? """
va	0	What harm is there in it ?
va	5	""" I died at the age of 23 , in the season of the year which the church calls ' Ordinary Time , ' "" he wrote ."
va	0	How could it not be ?
va	5	I didn , t need the wisdom of Darwin to know by then that we are all one great family , we creatures of the earth .
va	5	I had taken a woman entrusted to me as a member of the Order , and I had kept her for myself , almost a prisoner .
va	5	Right after the kid came to me , Blankenship 's lackeys forced me into a car and brought me there to meet with the man himself .
va	2	""" I 'm very happy , "" I said as I climbed to my feet ."
va	0	None of that remained .
va	1	I got up and slipped out of the synagogue .
va	1	He hesitated , still playing with his fork .
va	0	Acacia 's voice was barely a whisper .
va	0	""" Enough about me ."
va	3	Philo told me to always remember Egypt and the map of the Empire which he had shown me .
va	4	She pointed to a small makeshift desk of two pine boards laid over two stacks of old wooden Coke bottle crates .
va	5	Just opposite and to his right , the cliffs rose , blotting out the view of the ocean and its winds , as they extended further north .
va	2	I don 't know that I 'd ever been afraid before in my life .
va	3	Scotland must seem like any other place to which he had at times dragged her or his other attendants .
va	5	"This Russian doctor , he , s supposed to arrive here tomorrow , and take her to see this little hospital in Sausalito - . """
va	3	But she had to snap out of this , had to concentrate and make Yuri concentrate .
va	5	"I don 't mean to be impolite , but I so prefer the simple name Ash that often I don 't answer to the other . """
va	5	He didn 't know how long it had been going on , only that it had finally penetrated his thin chaotic dreams and nudged him towards consciousness .
va	0	The Teacher went on .
va	4	Ryan was looking at his watch , the infallible signal that he would remain in this spot no more than four more minutes .
va	0	The transmitter nearest Joaquim was on fire .
va	0	Old Sarah sang to us .
va	4	Catholic Church history had given me an awareness of our cultural heritage , although it was presented to me early and quite without context .
va	0	I want this rain to stop .
va	3	The living room had been empty , the breeze floating in through the windows to the side porch .
va	5	When he did open his eyes , he was standing , the mane thick and heavy over his shoulders , his hands transformed into claws .
va	4	He must have known the soldier would kill him when he threw the stone he had hidden under his robe .
va	5	"And Uncle Shamus when he was so sick , saying to his wife , "" You can still talk to me after I 'm gone ."
va	4	They beat him because he would say nothing , and with one fine blow to his head , they killed him .
va	5	A waltz had begun , Richard Strauss , strings , one of those lovely bland records that you can listen to for the rest of your life .
va	0	"They 're coming ! """
va	1	I wanted to go to the Sea of Galilee too .
va	2	""" Yes , it was , "" said the Old Rabbi , smiling ."
va	0	He laughed his soft slow laugh .
va	3	He was so angry that his face was red with it , and his eyes getting bigger and bigger .
va	3	Now it looked alive , though if memory served Mona correctly , hair was dead , wasn 't it ?
va	0	The wind swallowed up all their words .
va	0	""" Where did you get them ? """
va	4	""" You can 't shoot all of us , "" said Yuri , moving around the edge of the table ."
va	0	""" Yes , "" I said ."
va	1	""" Before I couldn 't understand it - . """
va	1	""" Don 't you say such a thing ! """
va	5	Tonight , like every other night since the dark murmurs of the bloodthirsty young Shadowhunters had started , he would sit and watch and think .
va	5	"He 'd done some computer work , trying to trace down the words "" Forest Gentry , "" but could find nothing of any significance ."
va	0	The sun was shining on their helmets .
va	4	""" That Moses was given Laws that weren 't written down , and these were passed down through the sages . """
va	1	"It was you who made all this possible . """
va	0	""" Are you sad ? """
va	4	It was so far away that all I could see were the crosses , and it was as James had said .
va	1	""" Save your passion for your own sons !"
va	0	But I had to be careful .
va	2	She 'd conclude he was past forty , and carefully fighting fifty .
va	5	Ash had leant forward in the chair , his elbows resting on his knee , one finger curled beneath his soft lower lip , pressing into it .
va	2	"We could get home tomorrow and find Nazareth 's been burnt to the ground . """
va	0	These were Joseph 's brothers .
va	5	Not a single word was lost in this great womb of love that surrounded me , this vast night that was as bright as day .
va	1	But what was that to passing before it now ?
va	0	"Where aren 't we ? """
va	1	I was going to have to find a new shield .
va	4	The stiff collar of his coat rose to hide his mouth , and thereby leave nothing to scrutiny but his level , untroubled gaze .
va	1	It was gone as soon as it had come .
va	5	She turned and melted against him for a moment , kissing him on the lips quickly and then said again that he was the most charming boy .
va	5	Her entire constitution had been aged and weakened , she knew that now , if there had ever been any real hope to the contrary .
va	1	He put his hands up to his head .
va	2	""" We knew nothing of this , "" Joseph said in a whisper ."
va	2	She steadied herself with her left hand and lifted the bloody sheet .
va	3	At first I thought I was passing out , then I realized the ground was actually turning black .
va	2	We went towards it , and had to wait our turn as others went inside .
va	5	""" Well , certainly it 's better than the dirt and filth of Nazareth , "" he said in his gracious tongue with his gracious smile ."
va	1	Then he started coughing again , trying to hide it .
va	2	You 'd think someone had sat down beside her , maybe too close to her .
va	0	He put two fingers to his lips .
va	5	But folks in the vicinity of the old house put their money on a mountain lion they , d been tracking for the last year .
va	3	""" If they hear one word , they 'll turn on the lot of us . """
va	4	If he had had to see his way around this place by kerosene lamp , he would have gone crazy .
va	2	"All the Walkers who 've ever been captured ... "" You finally get it . """
va	4	Looking vastly out of place amid all the machinery were figures in dark robes , nothing but blackness visible beneath their hoods .
va	0	"So much chaos ... "" "" Joaquim ."
va	1	They 'll remember the men from the East .
va	1	You know they 're not bad people , the Romans .
va	0	But they had been quiet all day .
va	0	His face went dark .
va	4	It was Joseph who slit the throat of the lamb before the priest and the Levite who caught the blood .
va	2	She curled her fingers around mine , and I knew she was sleeping again .
va	1	He bowed his head , and then he turned .
va	2	As we were all very tired , we sat down there with them .
va	0	What was the inside of it ?
va	0	But he never answered him .
va	3	""" The Lord wanted us to leave beautiful Alexandria for this , the Lord wanted us - . """
va	3	As soon as he stepped in the kitchen , Mona felt so sorry for him with his tired expression .
va	1	""" They 'll never be wiped out . """
va	0	They were burning village after village .
va	3	People began to sing , but this time they sang mournful Psalms of pain and affliction .
va	2	I 'm sorry , I thought as the world around me faded .
va	1	I had not looked up at the pagan statues .
va	3	""" No , "" she said with a sigh , "" it 's gone again . """
va	5	And she 'd cured me , she 'd come to me with her milk and given me this and healed me of the trauma of her birth .
va	4	She gave Ash a great bow and another smile , and he too bowed and reached out to take her hands .
va	2	He was going to cry , and Mona wouldn 't be able to stand it .
va	4	At night Rowan slept , Michael said , as if she were exhausted , as if she 'd been hard at work .
va	5	I had no idea where I was going , but with my shoulder as messed up as it was , climbing wasn 't really an option .
va	4	"Joseph thought this over and then he said : "" Yes , the Lord will take care of us , you 're right ."
va	0	Then back to work we went .
va	1	They made sounds , more than they spoke .
va	1	The explosions , the scorch marks ... It infuriated me .
va	5	Somewhere deep inside my clouded mind was a vision of that cart , surrounded by soldiers , safely away , on the road to London .
va	5	The street in Paris ; the woman in the store ; the doll in its box ; the big paperweight eyes looking up at him .
va	2	Out of the depths , I cry unto thee , O Lord .
va	1	""" You 've been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder ."
va	5	I know that I go on , but I don 't know to what , or where , or if I will ever see you again .
va	3	""" Well , no more than anybody would be , with a nuclear explosion going on in her womb ."
va	3	Maybe he 'd be able to show the Old Man it had been an accident , not my fault .
va	5	said Gordon , turning so that he might face Ash as well as Rowan Mayfair , his head back against the upholstered corner of the car .
va	4	I took my gaze away from his face long enough to glance down at the grass beneath me , and my eyes went wide .
va	1	He sang and sang without looking at anyone .
va	3	A rock had hit my shoulder , and I 'd felt his hand slip from mine .
va	4	"I want to study the book , if you still mean to let us do that , see the book . """
va	0	I know it won 't .
va	0	"He shot you . """
va	3	The gilded moldings were bubbling up and down the paneled walls as if they were made of neon lights .
va	1	""" Did she cry when she died ? """
va	3	The scents of the room were of the parchment , the papyrus , and the burning oil .
va	2	""" My brother , "" said my mother , "" I 'm going mad ! """
va	5	And the great glory of the Temple did seem beautiful - white and shining and full of gold - unspoilt - at least at this distance .
va	1	Terrible as it was , I wanted to see .
va	4	""" That it is alchemy and chemistry and brain science , and that those things collected make up magic , pure lovely magic ."
va	4	But I couldn 't forget that the Rabbi had questioned us , that the Rabbi had wanted to stop us .
va	2	""" Hey , you don 't have a sixth finger , "" said Mona ."
va	2	""" Let me go up on the highest roof , "" said James ."
va	3	Tell her we 're fine , I 'm in the bathtub or something , and ask about everybody .
va	5	Over the staircase railing fell one of those bodies , landing on its face , or what was left of its face , blood streaming from it .
va	1	I hadn 't been able to see him anymore .
va	0	I couldn 't count them .
va	2	As we reached the gate , the Levite on duty stopped us .
va	4	Aunt Mary said he was having a high time of it with so many new men to listen to his speeches .
va	3	""" Read it to you in the Greek , or tell it to you in our tongue . """
va	3	""" Some night , I 'll tell you all of it , "" said my mother ."
va	1	Now my cousin Elizabeth 's eyes were fixed on me .
va	3	We could hear screams and the braying of the lambs and the screech of the birds .
va	2	Then , rather mechanically , she reached for the taps in the shower .
va	1	""" I 'm guessing you know , then . """
va	2	I didn 't know that anyone else but me knew he was crying .
va	2	When I lay down , Joseph brought the blanket up over me .
va	4	That if they killed us , with the proper words and the proper curses , they could take our power .
va	4	But as they drew closer , as they swung round and came near to the tower , Michael saw it more clearly .
va	3	The light was condensing , forming into sections , then squiggles , then letters , then words .
va	0	I laughed , rolling away from him .
va	1	No wonder he 'd been trying to kill me .
va	0	Bethlehem , where I was born .
va	0	""" Help him ! """
va	2	Mary Jane had thrown her voice out like a lasso , catching everybody 's attention .
va	1	What 's the use of trying to tell him anything ?
va	1	He sang aloud so all could hear him .
va	5	Quickly he looked from face to face , eyes darting back and forth until he was certain he had memorized the features of each person .
va	0	said the Teacher to the whole crowd .
va	2	Joaquim was just outside it , and he was sort of ... flying .
va	5	There were white flowers all over the vines , and the sky was very blue yet full of clean clouds that didn 't mean rain .
va	2	Apparently , unbeknownst to me , my vows rested upon a loyalty to Aaron Lightner .
va	4	Basic teleportation didn 't work in the In-Between ; it was too chaotic , had too many things interfering with it .
va	3	The cries came out of me like knots in a rope being pulled out one after another .
va	0	I wouldn 't look .
va	0	""" Trust me . """
va	4	There was a series of sounds , actually , picture it , try to picture it , and then he did .
va	5	He was so attentive and so unfailingly polite that Reuben worried about it a little , that there was a note of sadness and humiliation in it .
va	3	""" Aaron Lightner went to help the Mayfair witches in their endless battles with the spirit Lasher ."
va	3	And before redemption from Babylon there was a Fall of Jerusalem in which the Jews were taken to Babylon .
va	4	""" Now before you get into your bed , stand and pray , asking that safety and mercy be granted you ."
va	1	Salome shot forward and whispered in my ear .
va	2	I thought to myself , All this World is the Temple of the Lord .
va	2	I looked up and saw that the old man was looking directly at me .
va	0	And even some Latin .
va	2	I caught her halfway down , and I think I said her name .
va	4	What were idols to a Jewish boy who was forbidden to make such things and held them to have no meaning ?
va	0	A coldness came over me .
va	2	I tried to turn my head to either side , and couldn 't .
va	5	"You start now with or without words , and you just keep talking and you never never let anything come between you and talking to God . """
va	3	Down I went with a hand on the back of my head and another on my back .
va	1	""" When you were born , they saw things . """
va	2	""" But you did read the file , "" Celia had pressed ."
va	1	Quickly and firmly , he brought me towards the women .
va	1	I was so surprised I could hardly breathe .
va	1	Quickly , he shoved the others into an empty cage .
va	5	If you take daily vitamins and refrain from any strenuous activity , you should be well enough to train again in two , maybe even one .
va	3	Yes , he seemed as sound now as he had been the day she met him .
va	0	""" I will not . """
va	5	Let me not try to describe our long conversations , pondering the meaning of this world , and why we had to live among humans .
va	2	My eyes burned like I 'd been staring at a computer screen for hours .
va	2	And there were laborers aplenty for us to hire for our work .
va	1	""" We 're safe , little one , "" said Joseph ."
va	0	I 'm so sorry .
va	4	I looked her over carefully , checking what I saw with what I remembered ; she didn 't seem any older .
va	1	"And of a good family who has sent you this . """
va	1	In the light of the lamps , it looked very fine .
va	0	"I am consecrated to the Lord . """
va	0	"He threw up his hands . """
va	3	"But there were so many others ... "" They 're in those caves to the north ! """
va	4	"You once assured me that we fly safely above the weather now , and with far greater security than a commercial jet . """
va	2	"I would be dead if it wasn 't for your friend . """
va	0	The town grew busier and busier .
va	0	There are too many of us .
va	3	""" Called me , as a matter of fact , told me he had a mystery for me ."
va	5	With ugly patronizing facial expressions the doctors were shaking their heads , and pursing their lips , as though this was out of the question .
va	1	He had already hidden me away with the baby .
va	5	""" I want to call Dad and tell him I 'm with you , "" Reuben said and he went into the bedroom on the right ."
va	2	""" Now one morning , I 'd awakened early and I didn 't know why ."
va	5	The scent , yes , catch the scent , my dear , my darling newborn woman , and closing his eyes , he staggered backwards .
va	1	""" I don 't know where he is ."
va	2	""" What if he was gone by the time you found him ?"
va	2	""" I thank you for your gift , "" said the Old Rabbi ."
va	0	- on the back of my neck .
va	3	"It 's a hard truth to face , but the death of Aaron means nothing . """
va	1	He bobbed again , that same side-to-side motion .
va	1	I 'd forgotten Joseph 's order to me not to ask .
va	3	That was the last adult scheduled to be looking in on them , as far as she knew .
va	5	But still there were others complaining and even shouting at each other , and some people were backed up at the tables of the money changers .
va	4	Then Joseph gave a little laugh and then my uncles all caught the laugh as if it were a breeze moving through the trees .
va	3	""" And one must remember , "" said Tommy , "" that the spirit was addled and blundering ."
va	5	Hue had gotten behind me , and when the laser was fired again , he sort of turned into a giant , flat bit of reflective rubber .
va	5	I heard Joseph rebuking him in a whisper , but the boys were laughing , and a great bright smile spread over the Rabbi 's face .
va	2	And when Herod discovered this deception , he went into a rage .
va	4	I turned and ran through the trees , not stopping till I had cleared the pass and come once more to the high road .
va	1	We 'd been in Bethlehem for a while .
va	4	""" I would never hurt this child Mona , "" said Ash suddenly , startling her , waking her more fully ."
va	4	"But I want only you , and that 's been true since the first day I was with you . """
va	2	""" Sit here and listen to me , "" my mother said ."
va	3	Honey , honey , honey means Mona , Rowan , or Mary Jane , or any female being perhaps .
va	0	No one said a word .
va	4	His bed was up off the floor , and there was a lamp burning there that gave off a perfume .
va	3	""" At the very worst , there 'll be a little confusion , perhaps even an investigation ."
va	5	"I 've come to offer you a way out of this , and you must not , you absolutely must not , reach for that syringe . """
va	0	""" This one . """
va	5	"Ryan had asked "" Mona "" very tactfully if she was taking amphetamines , and reminded her gently that anything ingested might hurt the baby ."
va	2	""" Drain him , "" said the Professor , but Joaquim hesitated ."
va	4	I would rather have sailed over the waterfall in a barrel again , even with all the stitches I 'd needed .
va	1	I 'd been taught to call him Joseph .
va	5	Mary Jane laughed , bending her whole body backwards , and then she turned to look at Mona , who had barely stepped out on the porch .
va	0	I would have learned more .
va	5	""" I am not here on behalf of children who have given up their faith for fathers who are no better than thieves in the night . """
va	2	He hadn 't seen Samuel in five years , or was it more ?
va	5	""" And besides , with all this building going on , there won 't be any roof tiles to be had in a day 's time . """
va	4	""" You weren 't supposed to be here , I told you to - "" "" You didn 't tell me anything , Acacia ."
va	0	Your Archelaus is eager to be home .
va	4	We saw battle in the Temple , as our people did under Babylon , but the Temple is now restored .
va	1	I heard a breathing that I knew was from Old Sarah .
va	5	Magnus could heal , but it had never been his specialty as it was Catarina 's , and he had not had to heal werewolves often .
va	1	""" You are to come with me , Joseph Harker . """
va	2	I was feeling the way the wind was warm and sparking with purpose .
va	4	How dapper the Mayfair house looked in the San Francisco style , with its fresh coat of peach with white trim and green shutters .
va	4	"It was good to be in there , because it was warm , and God had sent a snow . """
va	1	My words had come ahead of my thoughts .
va	1	The older boys were taking the bundles into the house .
va	4	She looked at Rowan ; the eyes looked green now , as if picking up the tint of the bright spring lawn .
va	3	asked Rowan in her low , expressionless voice , probing but not meaning to alarm him .
va	4	Her eyes were dry and she would have to sleep soon , simply have to , but she couldn 't now .
va	1	"He said , "" You ever look at an anthill ? """
va	1	""" We do only skilled work - . """
va	1	""" I 'm too little to understand , "" I said ."
va	5	But he was a little too happy right now to put on his studious expression , and try to look older than his twenty-three years .
va	5	I walked on up the slope until I was out in the grass again , where the grass was thick , and there I lay down .
va	2	""" Ah , child , there are many anointed ones , "" he said ."
va	0	""" Did you hear me ?"
va	1	""" Get on your knees and stay there ! """
va	0	It was always this hard .
va	2	""" And I wrapped you up and put you in the manger . """
va	3	""" So that you may put it out of your mind and be done with it ."
va	5	"I went into every closet , bathroom , stairwell , and nowhere did I find a door opening to the middle of the house . """
va	4	There was no ownership , except perhaps of musical instruments or pigments for painting , but even these were fairly liberally shared .
va	1	Joseph 's grip on my shoulder almost hurt .
va	3	"My mother said , "" We 'll be out in the hills soon , away from all this ."
va	2	She came on the property with her own key , the heiress and all that .
va	3	New voices sang from here and from there , and people who passed us were singing .
va	1	""" I demand that you tell me ! """
va	0	I closed my eyes .
va	3	He rose to his feet , and ran his hands back through his thick curly hair .
va	3	"I tell you , you purge the Temple of its impurities and the priests will rule again . """
va	2	The sun was hot and my chest was heaving as I looked at him .
va	3	"She said with deep , true feeling , "" I 'm so glad you 've come . """
va	3	And very soon the figure of Tessa would explain Gordon 's sacrifices and terrible mistakes , very clearly .
va	3	"I could kill you , little fly , but I have something far better in mind . """
va	1	""" And I will go as well . """
va	4	Oh , I know to you I don 't seem formidable , but you might be very surprised by my tales .
va	5	All the domestic scents swirled around him - of polished wood , scented soap , candles , a touch of incense , the smell of a fire .
va	5	To have heard it again in the black limousine , flying over the miles towards London , was to see it again and in greater detail .
va	2	At night there was much music and even dancing in Bethany among the camps .
va	1	Joseph wasn 't my father , yes , I knew .
va	5	""" Yes , and wealth I have from my father 's ever-increasing generosity and affection , abundantly in private , and in the presence of others . """
va	3	We are a people of great Kings - Saul , and David , and Solomon , and Josiah .
va	2	"We 're alone here , there 's no one near us . """
va	5	Cut off even in the blossoms of my sin ... No reckoning made , but sent to my account With all my imperfections on my head .
va	5	I saw my usual leather bag there , and realized how much it resembled the bag I 'd been toting all through the thirteenth century .
va	0	""" That an angel came to Nazareth ?"
va	0	"Were you anywhere nearby ? """
va	2	I offered her the flask again , but she shook her head .
va	5	""" Well , your mother said there was a bloom to it , you know , almost like a woman gets when she , s pregnant ."
va	4	""" I was wondering if I could stay here - "" "" I wish you would stay , "" said Rowan without hesitation ."
va	3	She was wide awake and staring across the grass at the distant ginger lilies , at the azaleas .
va	3	And as always there were cakes of dried figs but these were very rich and good .
va	1	But these men were not like any I 'd ever seen .
va	2	And the magi from the East , they came to that house .
va	4	""" I want to be there , "" said the other , his Greek just as easy , though he was a rougher man ."
va	4	Indeed , the voice alone carried everything with the little man , who only occasionally made bright wide eyes as he spoke .
va	3	And when will the angels come to me with such bright light that I am not afraid of it ?
va	3	But I thought of my cousin John bar Zechariah who 'd gone off with the Essenes .
va	3	Would they not have seen in the Fall of Jerusalem some echo of the Babylonian conquest ?
va	1	""" Men said they saw things , "" James said ."
va	4	""" To get you out of the machine , to take his power back - "" Anger flared suddenly , deep in my chest ."
va	5	His guardian angel stood with his arms folded watching everything sadly -- or that is as well as I can describe in human terms his attitude .
va	5	He , d never gone into the principal of any of his trusts until now , and had lived for years on half his income .
va	2	The unclaimed dead , as intimate in their own way as lovers .
va	1	""" And what do you mean by that ? """
va	3	""" This is what I must tell you , what I never put in a letter to you ."
va	1	""" I love you , my brother , "" he said ."
va	1	""" He will come , "" I said ."
va	0	We are people of peace .
va	4	""" It 's just a big beautiful house , and it 's waiting for us , and for ... new generations to come . """
va	0	My aunt Mary caught me by surprise .
va	5	I went in and saw my mother and my uncle seated there on the floor , talking together , before a meal of bread and sauce .
va	1	Perhaps they fought and argued just as much .
va	1	I would be with the children and the women .
va	5	There was some talk of a nice place for her where she could rest , and where all her memories and stories would be recorded .
va	1	I didn 't even have to think about it .
va	2	His chest rose and fell with each rattling breath and again he shivered .
va	2	""" I 'm so sorry , "" he said with a distinct New Orleans accent ."
va	4	""" Naturally it occurred to me , what if this Lasher were the soul of another species of being seeking to reincarnate ?"
va	2	He was so tired and so angry that he sat right there .
va	1	""" You will be alive to see it , little Walker ."
va	0	But I knew they were in dread .
va	2	I climbed over the door , into the Old Man 's office .
va	4	Surely some of them had been brought into his lobby and given warm drink and cots upon which to sleep .
va	2	I leave Amy as I leave New Orleans with the deepest regret .
va	2	"There are no real shocks for you , except the hair . """
va	2	I could hear far away the pigeons and the doves of the village .
va	4	People still sang and there were lights moving everywhere , lights of lanterns and candles and fires by the tents .
va	1	I could hear the singing of the Levites .
va	1	Something pinged in the back of my mind .
va	3	We would watch from our place , but we would all be within the walls of the Temple .
va	5	An evil King has sought to kill him because the darkness cannot abide the light , but the light can 't be quenched by the darkness .
va	3	The soldiers all broke into such laughter now it was as if they 'd never laughed before .
va	2	It was Joseph , with his head bowed as he walked up the slope .
va	4	The sole occupant was a woman with gray hair , who looked up from her desk with obvious but fearless amazement .
va	3	Gordon was transformed with astonishment , as if nothing had actually prepared him for this meeting to take place .
va	2	Here was a life he loved , but he would have to make adjustments .
va	2	I could smell the sweet smell of the trees not far off .
va	0	Was it still there ?
va	1	I didn 't want to go up to the school .
va	3	He saw the long fingers of Ash close on either side of it , picking it up .
va	1	But what about the angel who appeared to my mother ?
va	0	What happened if nobody did ?
va	0	""" Joe , Walk ! """
va	5	But I did see it , and I did come to understand , and as soon as I was well enough , I went to join her .
va	3	"But do not , for whatever remains to us now , strike against the family ! """
va	3	"I knew it - "" Bent near double , he shut his eyes , and collapsed against the cabinet ."
va	1	And so it seemed the pestilence had left our house .
va	1	With all the troubles , we changed every day .
va	2	She would realize he couldn 't be young , not by anyone 's count .
va	1	""" They went after those who had fled ."
va	1	We all gave cries of delight when we heard it .
va	2	At last , we were in the tunnel moving upwards toward the Great Court .
va	0	See the doctors every night .
va	0	I knew they 'd killed him .
va	5	It said that the Lord God would give him the throne of his father David and that he would reign over the House of Jacob forever .
va	2	She did blink naturally and slowly as she swallowed , but that was all .
va	3	The man was speaking in Greek , and from time to time he stopped and spoke in our tongue .
va	4	To see this mysterious friend of Samuel 's , who had already arrived , and who had not been described or explained to Yuri .
va	0	""" I 'm sorry , Joe . """
va	5	"I thought of Vitale 's words to me that "" upstairs "" he had found the synagogue of the house , with its sacred books ."
va	5	For hours before he 'd left New Orleans , he had listened to Aaron summarize the tale of Lasher , the demon from the glen .
va	5	That he loved her was as much a miracle as anything that had happened to her , as anything that had happened in this house to anyone .
va	0	this strange creature asked me .
va	0	There was no way to move .
va	0	Then I was myself .
va	3	Let me in conclusion thank several people who have been my support and inspiration throughout these years : Fr .
va	5	""" Out of the jungles of India , "" said Stuart , sipping his own tea , in which he had poured a large slug of whiskey ."
va	0	They could have brought it .
va	5	""" And as for Meir , in his sorrow and misery , he blames himself for Lea 's taking sick because he brought us here ."
va	5	Though most of the women living there were old , and kind , there were a few young women , and men came to see them .
va	1	Like a withered flower ready to drop from the vine .
va	5	I stood there until I was calm again and resolute and the darkness did not seem to be a fatal gloom enveloping the entire world .
va	5	She could run , but she 'd never get past Miranda to the door ; there were no windows , no doors to other rooms .
va	4	It was blowing in the other direction , which meant , strictly speaking , that they ought to catch his .
va	4	And in ancient times , could the human female pick up the scent of the human male coming through the forest ?
va	3	When he went to New Orleans to investigate a family of witches , things somehow went wrong .
va	2	That 's the way it is with war , little or great .
va	2	One of her nails was broken , split to the quick and bleeding .
va	0	""" What 's happened ? """
va	1	I couldn 't read the meaning of his face .
va	5	A couple was here , with plates and glasses in hand , obviously hoping to commandeer the table , of course , and why not ?
va	4	I felt something snap , and it took me a moment to realize the hoarse shout of pain had come from me .
va	3	The driver was comfortably shut away behind glass , and the others followed in the car behind him .
va	2	She whirled around , and I almost fell at the abrupt lack of support .
va	1	And it was not anyone I 'd expected to see .
va	1	""" I want peace , "" he said ."
va	0	The rain had stopped .
va	4	"Bathe away the blood of those who wouldn 't accept God 's grace and have gone now to eternal perdition . """
va	2	Maybe it was only that Rowan didn 't look annoyed , or sealed off .
va	3	They 'll come out when they want something , and you 'll hear them roaring through the village .
va	1	The men went to tend to the beasts .
va	5	""" No , "" said Ash , who remained down on one knee , so that he could speak to Samuel almost in a whisper ."
va	5	It was their eyes when they looked at me , the way that they were trying to make me think that there was nothing wrong .
va	3	I have the energy of Captain Joseph Harker flowing through me , and that includes some of his memories .
va	4	In the morning he ate a quick breakfast in his room , as his staff prepared for an immediate return .
va	2	""" Make a big museum high up in the sky with terraces around it ."
va	4	As for our family , and many many others , we went right on working no matter what the news .
va	1	He looked up and his face was dark .
va	0	He gave way so easily .
va	0	They hurt my chest .
va	2	""" And the virgin mother , who could believe such a thing . """
va	2	""" There 's nothing wrong with her , "" Mary Jane had declared ."
va	4	"They 're just a sort of noise I 've grown used to hearing when I 'm in your presence . """
va	1	It wasn 't until the next morning that I got up .
va	0	The fire had gone out .
va	2	It makes me want to curl up in bed and go to sleep .
va	3	His hands and feet were cold , but it was not a coldness he couldn 't endure .
va	1	I was just sorry the glass had already been shattered .
va	4	His robe and its tassels blew in the breeze , and he was thinner than when we 'd left Alexandria .
va	3	He began to speak again , his eyes moving as if he was seeing what he described .
va	1	I didn 't really want to hurt him .
va	5	"I figured that out a long time ago , but , Rowan , if they are after witches , why aren 't they after you ? """
va	3	He caught up with Ash at the head of the stairway and disappeared out of Michael 's sight .
va	0	Mary of Zebedee was nodding .
va	0	""" Both of you ."
va	0	People didn 't talk about it now .
va	5	"They had befriended him , and he was an outcast from his people - exiled from the only real city in the whole world . """
va	3	And Joseph told us apart from her that we must never judge her or be unkind to her .
va	2	"To bring him together with the female ... "" He looked up ."
va	1	""" And that is why he never lies beside her . """
va	5	""" Maybe Reuben and I should go off together tonight and , you know , get in real trouble like the little wolves that we are . """
va	5	It had taken weeks , and the first time she had Changed , it had been so blindingly painful that she 'd vomited and passed out .
va	4	He filtered down to the floor , crawling across it to my feet , and sort of ... stretched up over me .
va	0	I can care for them .
va	2	His mouth was open and his white teeth showed over his lip .
va	0	"We 're returning to our house . """
va	0	Could Joaquim have once been a Walker ?
va	1	At the synagogue , we found everyone very afraid .
va	2	"Mary Jane , you can care for this old lady all by yourself ? """
va	5	At the moment it was deserted ; even the drunks staggering home from the Grapes up the road had found somewhere to collapse for the night .
va	0	She looked at me .
va	0	""" Get out of here ! """
va	2	""" My Aunt Evelyn is in Touro , "" Mona said quietly ."
va	4	Suddenly she spied the plate of bread which Eugenia had set out for them , slices of plain white bread .
va	2	You will be injected with a tracer , for your own safety .
va	4	She lifted her hands to her head , as if to say , Where were these streaks of white hair ?
va	0	The words had been whispered , pained .
va	0	All the cleverness was gone from him .
va	2	She threw her arms around my neck , using her weight to slow me .
va	1	I felt , rather abruptly , like sitting down .
va	0	Traced your signal , it said .
va	0	The thought gave me chills .
va	4	I couldn 't stop until he crushed me against his chest , and I couldn 't twist or turn there .
va	2	""" I 'm not , "" I tried , but Jay laughed ."
va	4	"As you can see here , she has placed the emerald around my neck , but I bow to your decision . """
va	0	Why was I even here ?
va	1	""" That can 't be right , "" I muttered ."
va	5	Nothing had changed except parents were breaking faith with the sheriff , s office and the FBI and blaming them for the little girl , s death .
va	2	Some of the officers were probably intending to sweep the area a few more times .
va	4	My hands were trapped , my wrists stuck through padded restraints that felt like the cuffs used to check blood pressure .
va	5	"Oh , my God , but we 've given them an advantage , "" he said , only just realizing it , and realizing it completely ."
va	0	"Shouldn 't we fight ! """
va	0	"Isn 't that good for us ! """
va	4	His suit was white silk today , very baggy , fashionable , probably Italian , she honestly didn 't know .
va	3	Perhaps she was even a little infatuated with his style and manner , he wasn 't sure .
va	2	""" Why is there no King from the House of David on that throne ? """
va	4	""" Now , here , Doctor , you take this , "" said Mary Jane , as he climbed into the car ."
va	5	It was dark in these dense woods , so dark , I think , that people of this day and age cannot quite imagine it .
va	2	If he had suffered , no image of it hovered near him now .
va	0	Can only guess your location in time .
va	5	Do you think you could remit enough debts , acquire enough gold , and all this with the promise of my returning with larger sums ?
va	3	My mother looked at me , and I could see she knew that I was feeling bad .
va	2	The entire building was pulsing like a heartbeat , like a thousand heartbeats .
va	1	""" I thank you for teaching our children . """
va	0	I closed my eyes and opened them .
va	2	The soldier pulled up his spear and the man rose with it .
va	3	""" You told me you 'd tell me if I were to tell things to you ."
va	4	I want a list of the top twenty-five available penthouses in midtown , purchase price , lease price , every pertinent detail .
va	1	I thought of all the words I 'd heard .
va	1	I wasn 't too pleased with her either , frankly .
va	1	"I promise you ... "" He went into his thoughts again ."
va	3	Lauren and Celia had seen her many times when they were all little girls , of course .
va	4	It was a big house , far bigger than I had ever dreamed it could be , and very old and tired .
va	4	I was about to set off and go around this part of the slope , when a voice called to me .
va	4	When I woke , I could hear everyone talking and I smelled the porridge and the good smell of the baked bread .
va	5	Not now , not so soon , not so close to Christmas Eve , when a veil had to come down between him and his father .
va	0	I was still gasping .
va	5	""" Delicate , "" she said in the same gravelly voice , her eyes moving only very quickly to his hands and then back to his face ."
va	3	I could hear the pipes and the cymbals and the deep blended voices of the singers .
va	1	The wooden gates of courtyards had been closed .
va	4	And a cross was erected at the holy stream , inscribed with Latin words to celebrate the burning of Janet and the subsequent miracle .
va	1	They just didn 't know if he 'd be fully functional .
va	2	""" I could take her to the hospital for the tests , of course ."
va	5	Her fingers had gone to her lips , the sure sign that she was in mental pain and trying to think her way through it .
va	2	I could see the person standing there , arm still extended , laser still out .
va	3	""" Yes , "" said Gordon , ripping his eyes off Ash finally and looking to her ."
va	0	We were all very close together .
va	1	"I said it for your ears only . """
va	2	I looked up at the first few stars coming through the twilight .
va	0	"Listen to your own words ! """
va	5	Stuart had always taught them , if you have some secret you must keep from the psychics around you , think something close to the truth .
va	0	""" What is this ? """
va	1	The scorch marks were the worst , here .
va	1	Flee into my mother 's arms , yes .
va	0	It had to be done .
va	1	But my aunt Mary was sick , too .
va	4	They were too charged with emotion , too full of obvious conflict , and very little if any struggle to hide it from her .
va	3	He came out of the grove of trees down the hill , and made his way up towards me .
va	4	Everybody knew there were beasts in that land , covered with fur , that would kill you if they could .
va	2	I knew it when we joined the pilgrims going to the Temple .
va	2	Most everyone around us was shouting in Aramaic , but many were shouting in Greek .
va	0	""" Why not ? """
va	0	I 'd never heard such a quiet .
va	0	I 'll care for all of them .
va	3	After that , she wouldn 't say anything even though we asked her over and over again .
va	3	My aunt screamed and so did my mother , though they tried to cover their screams .
va	5	Everywhere she looked , she saw their staring glass eyes , their flawless faces , their mouths half open with a look of frank and tender awe .
va	3	It wasn 't much , as far as tributes went , but I found it oddly fitting .
va	2	The soft strains of a string quartet came from the nearby bar .
va	1	""" You listen to me , "" Joseph said ."
va	1	A man spoke up from the back of the assembly .
va	1	He lay back a little on the clothes bundled behind him .
va	3	Everything that was in the room was still there but it was filled with the light .
va	5	Maybe it would have been better for them if they had had a history , an ancestry , even if it was nothing more than descriptive .
va	1	We made a big thick , crowded circle .
va	0	They burnt my house .
va	3	Yuri said everyone knew him , they treated him as if he were a jolly little Father Christmas .
va	5	My aunt Mary rose up suddenly from among the women and came over to them , her hands shaking , her eyes streaming with tears .
va	0	"I 'd never betray us ! """
va	5	"I don 't much see how anyone could , not based on what I know of them , and based on how well they treat you . """
va	1	I even laughed before I could stop myself .
va	3	Joan Cross sat solitary in the midst of the gathering , her forehead resting in her hand .
va	1	""" Right by the gates of Nineveh , Jonah sat down ."
va	1	She had no hope of seeing him again .
va	3	Pray it had fluid or a cartridge of butane , or whatever the hell made it burn .
va	5	I walked with a weak left knee and a regular swing to my head , something somebody might remember when they didn 't remember anything else .
va	2	There seemed to be more war and more hunger now than ever .
va	4	For a moment he saw the glaring reflection of the lights behind him , the bodyguards following as they always did .
va	4	Now , if only fate would hurry itself up and let me see Acacia again , I could learn a bit more .
va	2	""" They 're so mixed up over there , wonder they got anything right ."
va	5	Stuart made an impatient and disgusted gesture at the mention of these names , hardly realizing how this might be interpreted in relation to the boys .
va	5	Chapter 22 My first year in the Promised Land came to an end as it had commenced : with the opening of the New Year for Israel .
va	1	And we had to make do with what we found .
va	0	Thoughts began to slide .
va	5	""" Well , if she has an implant , "" declared Beatrice , "" then Polly has a visible chin , doesn 't she ? """
va	3	""" No one I know knows how , unless they 've been hiding it from me ."
va	4	""" What makes you think that , given all your reservations and fears , and desires to hide from prying eyes ? """
va	1	I just ... wasn 't a normal recruit anymore .
va	4	""" Everybody just looks at you when you 're pregnant , they always do , soon as they know . """
va	3	When we lay down for the evening meal , with rugs and cushions , we felt good .
va	3	""" There will come a time , a time to tell you everything slowly so that you understand ."
va	4	""" Please , Rowan , talk to us , "" Mona said now in her frank , almost brash girlish voice ."
va	3	Michael was at her right , devouring a plate of food and a can of cold beer .
te	0	"No size jokes here . """
te	2	They looked at each other , all of them shaking their heads .
te	5	Hands sweaty , I gripped onto the edge of the window seal tightly and looked back at my door , and then started back at the tree .
te	3	""" Well , the jewel 's gone , so we 're done , "" she said ."
te	1	She had never expected such a large reaction in her planning .
te	5	She began to wave her hand around the crystal ball once again ; it now began to shift to a more , bright green color .
te	0	""" Great , "" Jeff groaned ."
te	4	That was when I remembered the crossbow I 'd taken from the Assassin , so I used it to brace the rock .
te	3	To the left of the giant compound a large , slow moving stream bubbling past some rocks .
te	0	By then it was too late .
te	2	She had brought everything in her together to create one powerful force .
te	3	"This bare mountain side is a lot harder to keep track of than the trees back down there . """
te	3	""" You can threaten me , Marshal , but don 't ever threaten my family . """
te	1	""" Do I have to leave some of these behind ? """
te	5	Instead of chastising me for my cowardice , Miquel followed after me and slipped an arm around my waist in an attempt to calm my fright .
te	5	""" Mark said he threw a ball to Mike and that Mike didn 't see me and Tia behind him and ran into me . """
te	0	""" How does it work ? """
te	2	He let go of her and grabbed his nose , howling in pain .
te	2	""" I didn 't expect this kind of reaction from the crowd . """
te	1	Then she too dove out of cover and started running .
te	5	' Hmm ... of course , ' Megan gave Anabel one of her - I don 't believe a word you are saying - looks .
te	2	He leaped silently down from the tree and disappeared through the darkness of the trees .
te	3	Which was why he was so surprised when she struck up at him like a snake .
te	5	He knew himself a better conversationalist than this , but the months of isolation and drain on his body had rid him of such ability .
te	3	It still bothered her that he was able to sneak up behind her with such stealth .
te	2	I figured out they 're the bad guys , but it still was a shock .
te	2	It looked like a bunch of rocks created a large island amongst the swamp .
te	4	Mr. Sharma , joining his hands in front of his wife in submission accepted his defeat and walked out of the room .
te	4	She feared that if she did not break away at that very instant , she would never be able to break away again .
te	5	The less we know of each other the less likely it is for either of us to give information on the other if we 're caught .
te	0	""" Of course . """
te	3	Jeff was hit in the arm by a bolt , but it looked like it was just a scratch .
te	4	"And all of this is done with only their bodies and is limited only by their wits and creativity . """
te	4	Two opposing voices were fighting it out in his head , one calm and reasonable , the other strident and crying out doom .
te	5	On one side of the gate , the terrible head stretched upward , jagged teeth ripping the sky , red eyes really sensors on high-tech security cameras .
te	4	""" I 've got to say , it 's impressive you got to the point you 're at with these . """
te	1	Apparently the first monarch had a friend who had this necklace .
te	0	He stared at her .
te	5	"So that is why you were all gaga over Raj from the moment you saw him , because he came across as a loafer ? """
te	3	It had not occurred to him that God would elevate a woman with such a unique gift .
te	4	A large tree trunk somehow had fallen across the gap in front of the waterfall , even though there were no trees around .
te	0	""" It 's nothing , really . """
te	3	""" And if you keep this up we 'll leave you behind to be here when they do ! """
te	1	She was almost out when her instincts screamed at her .
te	1	""" You 're such a girly girl . """
te	0	The group led her back to town .
te	5	"If I were sucked out of you , I would likely just enter some other baby and have the same problem all over again . """
te	0	""" What 's up ? """
te	3	She wandered over to get it and found herself face to face with the handsome boy from the trio .
te	1	She whipped around and punched the woman in the face .
te	1	Finally she had come face-to-face with Mr. Crossbow Man .
te	4	She had a light burn arching from her left ear , across part of her check , to the side of her neck .
te	3	""" You seem like an honorable girl , Miss Pain , so I shall hold my sword this time ."
te	2	""" No , really , it 's not bad , "" he said ."
te	1	As evening came the rain slowed and then stopped .
te	1	"There 's just one more thing I have to do . """
te	4	""" It seemed such a waste putting such hideous stuff in my real closet , so I stuffed them in that ."
te	5	His eyes wandered over each of them , like a spider across a web of trapped flies , but if they felt afraid none showed it .
te	1	Back to her own little Lily and the ever changing cousins .
te	5	Your sandals are meant to remind you that forever you are connected to this earth , where you shall remain rooted all of your days .
te	2	""" I suggest you get in before the crowd squishes you . """
te	1	""" I was just about to leave . """
te	2	""" Then when you get up there you can help him pull me up . """
te	0	"A bunch of these guys are . """
te	1	"People pay for her skills , not her herbs . """
te	1	The red bamboo roof stood high above the street .
te	3	""" You do realize that you 're the only redhead in our group , right ? """
te	5	The rest of the group decided it was better to get to a village with a healer faster and worry about the Assassins when they got there .
te	3	""" If you 're upset about taking us down that road then don 't be , "" she said ."
te	4	"And I thought it was me who had convinced you to get rid of that stupid pixie cut of yours ! """
te	4	""" Just go Dad , ask her once , it will at least lift this suspense , "" she suggested to her father ."
te	0	""" Why 'd we stop ? """
te	3	She rolled forward under where the bolt would have gone if he had actually shot at her .
te	5	The group of children did their best to pretend like they weren 't up to anything , but it was pretty obvious that they were .
te	1	""" We 're here , now lie down . """
te	4	""" Well , they were disorganized enough for me to get on the ground and out to the Sanctuary path without getting shot ."
te	0	It was enough to stop the wagon .
te	1	Suddenly someone came flying into the circle of men .
te	1	They ran up to the door and stopped .
te	3	( Which would have been normal except the world didn 't stop spinning when she did . )
te	5	In the two weeks since the Cataclysm , wide-scale starvation had not yet set in , and disease had not yet gained too strong a foothold .
te	0	It was the safest place to be .
te	1	""" I knew you 'd be the tough one ."
te	2	She stood and moved the swords back and forth in slow , graceful movements .
te	2	The bolt flew over her shoulder and hit a tree far away .
te	1	It was very interesting since the wagon was so bumpy .
te	2	""" That was a brave thing for her to do , "" Jeff commented ."
te	1	With that Mr. Raymond closed the door behind him .
te	5	"So like an idiot , I let myself be forced in to it ... "" here she paused , shaking her head at that horrid memory ."
te	3	Jeff stepped forward and swung his sword wildly at the first one to scare it away .
te	2	"How do we know when to sleep or eat or move ? """
te	2	""" How many red ants are on that piece of bread ? """
te	3	"It might be best to just - "" They rounded a corner and almost walked straight into his mother ."
te	3	Out in the distance she could see where the forest slowly dissipated and the rolling hills began .
te	4	It caused Raj to momentarily overshoot ahead with his jacket before he too checked his steps and hastened back to her .
te	4	It was in the hostel courtyard that Sameer managed to catch up with Rishabh and conveyed to him his own thoughts on the matter .
te	1	He looked a little less unhappy from this remark .
te	3	Instead of a wooden sword , though , this time she had ambushed them with a real knife .
te	4	In her own small way , she rebelled by returning to her workshop , avoiding the kitchen and Father Antony altogether .
te	0	""" It 's Dragon Weed ."
te	0	Jan called after her .
te	2	"Decide which side you 're on before you start following us again . """
te	5	An encampment and perimeter surrounded it , divided into lanes and holding areas , to organize forces traveling through it should a maneuver be required .
te	0	He smiled when she looked at him .
te	5	Before the captain sat on an identical stool he poured liquid from a jug into a large cup that occupied the top of a simple table .
te	3	Two stone dragons guarded the stone steps leading up to the large , wooden double doors .
te	1	""" Send her out to lead them . """
te	1	"They 've never really forgiven me for joining a gang . """
te	2	Don 't touch the frogs , some of them have poisonous skin .
te	4	His easy agreement with her reasoning should have relieved her anxiety , but she found it only made her sad .
te	1	""" I don 't want to walk barefoot ! """
te	0	""" Sometimes , "" Davis said ."
te	1	Two darts flew at her , one to either side .
te	2	""" We 're their protectors now ; we 're doing this for them . """
te	2	It missed her by inches , but there was no time to think about it .
te	2	""" If we 're all giving apologies then I have one for you ."
te	3	She took down four bows , strung one , and wrapped the other three in cloth .
te	0	""" What has gotten into her ? """
te	5	A team only plays well when they have someone to tell them of the tactics and the formation that they need to employ out in the field .
te	1	""" Bye , mom , "" he said ."
te	3	""" But at least I can tell you that we 're not just jumping at shadows with this jewel ."
te	5	She was a lady of the court , but she might as well have been a lowly slave for all the good it did her .
te	4	The incline they were scaling was so steep they almost had to use their hands as well as their feet .
te	4	I could barely speak because my heart was about to beat out of my chest and I was breathing so hard from screaming .
te	4	At the end of the sequence the girl he was fighting stepped back and ran the back of her hand across her forehead .
te	2	""" Marge , this ' child ' is bending my arm behind my back ! """
te	4	""" Mistakes have big consequences , but that doesn 't mean we need to stop making decisions to avoid them ."
te	2	Why was she shooting down there when the scouts were up here ?
te	0	""" Do you see the road ? """
te	1	"They speak it in the high courts , "" Jeff said ."
te	1	Then she looked farther up the trail and understood .
te	2	""" So , it seems you have a way with big , dumb lizards . """
te	0	Mostly he 'd just work .
te	3	She came face to face with a ring of ragged , bent , defeated looking people .
te	2	They 're there to make sure people don 't do things that are bad .
te	2	When they land they form cracks in the clouds that light shines through .
te	0	A sword was tossed to her .
te	3	The one on her side lunged in at her chest , surprising her with the speed .
te	4	"A little after noon Jeff stood up , stretched and announced , "" I 've had enough for one day ."
te	5	The bird quickly took off , and began darting westward towards the Chamber , without even thinking I dashed after it eyes locked on the bird .
te	0	called a woman 's voice .
te	3	The priest walked across the chamber , stopping before a bookcase filled with volumes of leather bound books .
te	2	""" I 'll go alone on foot , at least for now . """
te	0	"You 've saved the day again . """
te	5	The third time she laid an Air pattern around her wrist , so he could not block her , and her hand landed solidly on his cheek .
te	3	"I see , "" he paused slightly , "" I will see to the wine . """
te	0	""" No , "" she said ."
te	0	His strategy seemed to work , though .
te	5	"And in a way the person that made life happen once again for all of us , "" the old man continued with his anecdotal recital ."
te	4	He said he was a mystic , that he studied energy and learned about magic even though he couldn 't use it .
te	3	With her index finger , she tilted it out and lifted it from the company of the others .
te	4	She didn 't think it was very funny at all ; I thought the things I said were funny and true .
te	3	She was standing outside a cottage on top of a green , grassy hill overlooking a tiny village .
te	5	Henna had told them that only one could speak , and from the look of things it was considered impolite to just barge into the conversation .
te	4	She had seen some of the workers in her home village wear them , but she had never had one .
te	5	"Alaina clambered on behind him and said , "" You really know how to show a girl a good time , don 't you ? """
te	0	Then she fell to the floor .
te	0	They both were crying .
te	4	They like actually have a security guy who is in a booth by the driveway in front of a giant gate .
te	5	""" It 's not like we 've had a single stretch of this journey in which we didn 't get held up by something . """
te	0	She did not quite make it .
te	4	Mark and Mike were in it and they kept tormenting me , trying to throw me in the small pond behind my house .
te	3	She wasn 't afraid of heights , but still she was glad to see the ground coming closer again .
te	0	She met the group head on .
te	5	"Coral continued more quietly , "" I know it makes you uncomfortable not to know the entire motives of all of the players in the field ."
te	0	He 's part of the River Boys .
te	3	No one was in the dining room except for two Angels washing dishes in the back corner .
te	4	""" Sí , I belong here , "" Iseo answered , not knowing if she told the truth or not ."
te	3	Hours passed , drawing the darkness into the room like mist , so Iseo lit several more candles .
te	4	With Raj , I just wanted to be with him because in him I saw some goodness that I had seldom seen in others .
te	0	""" I quit ! """
te	0	She stopped when she saw his face .
te	3	"You get to feel the grass and mud and loam as you walk over it . """
te	4	It made me wonder if what I seen in my dream was an alligator like I thought or was it a salt water crocodile .
te	0	Jeff picked up a book .
te	0	""" Come on , guys ."
te	2	She was almost finished with what the studio had to offer her .
te	1	Ever since then I 've been teaching myself .
te	3	""" I believe you should sit , Brother , for we have much to discuss . """
te	3	She felt his warm breath caress her skin as he hesitated , before gently pressing his lips to them .
te	2	"Other travelers would be lucky to be traveling with us on that account . """
te	1	""" How did you come across this symbol ? """
te	3	""" I don 't like people thinking I need to be protected , "" he said ."
te	5	† Celestino * Father Tomas and Celestino entered the small , dark room where the child , Julia , lay drenched in her own sweat .
te	3	They could all go and live in some little village where no one would find them .
te	2	""" Just look at them , running away with their tails between their legs ! """
te	0	""" We 're just passing through . """
te	2	The cousins had a great time jumping up and pulling the leaves down on themselves .
te	2	He held his arms at odd angles to his sides and his fingers in claws .
te	0	Everyone blinked at Davis .
te	3	Now suddenly there she was inside an organization made a hundred years ago for that very purpose .
te	2	She almost missed the black figures as they slipped silently around the corner .
te	2	""" Because if this takes too long we 'll lose a member ."
te	3	""" We made it hard to get to so that no one would ever find it ."
te	1	As soon as she said it she wished she hadn 't .
te	2	""" You could have been a little nicer , "" Jeff said as they walked ."
te	3	""" No one knows why they picked that name , since there 's no river around here ."
te	5	If they crafted patterns inimical to those from other realms , then it shouldn 't matter which realm as long as it wasn 't this one .
te	0	"How did you do it ? """
te	1	She clamped her hand over her mouth when her stomach protested .
te	3	They walked on the road now that the current group of Assassins was taken care of .
te	1	She noticed he was still holding her sword .
te	0	I left , and hid .
te	0	""" It 's not a big deal ."
te	2	""" I don 't know , I might just be jumping at shadows . """
te	0	Mrs. Raymond gave her a small smile .
te	5	At least here he could taste fresh air , see the fireworks of leaves exploding from the trees , feel the cold wind of freedom .
te	0	""" Hey , Raymond ! """
te	3	That was unnecessary since she was already centered , but she wasn 't about to stop her .
te	0	""" Please , sit . """
te	5	""" There have been others who went with groups or on wagons before we began to force our children to leave before they 're ready ."
te	2	Slowly they pulled more and more of it up and out of the tunnels .
te	5	I agree you should have had better control over your temper yesterday , but I do understand being upset with someone spitting in your face .
te	0	She threw her arms around him .
te	1	As they continued walking she thought back to the library .
te	5	The overall premises and street was familiar , I knew I had past by it several times , however I never noticed fields of any sort .
te	0	""" Keep going ! """
te	2	Mal woke up not too long after that and immediately went on watch .
te	3	Jen opened her mouth to defend her weapons , realized what she had said , and closed it .
te	1	"I think you went a step beyond that . """
te	1	""" Tonight , at the camp fire . """
te	4	Everything appeared in order , but she could not shake the feeling that something , or someone , had been in her room .
te	4	"For if you delayed , all of this , "" he clapped his hands twice , "" would have gone to waste . """
te	4	Father Tomas began anointing Iseo 's body with the sign of the cross at her neck , each shoulder , her belly .
te	1	"I think we should be prepared anyway , though . """
te	2	""" The forest gets very dark in the night , "" Mal said ."
te	5	A small contingent of soldiers surrounded her , but the majority of her host was engaged with refugees or performing other random acts of conquest .
te	5	But having not eaten anything since the afternoon himself , he decided it best to forgo his deliberations for now and search for some food .
te	3	With a twisting motion of her body she wrenched the lieutenant 's sword from her grip .
te	4	His father had sent many advance scouts to infiltrate neighboring cities to prepare them for conquest , among other things .
te	0	""" Is everyone okay ?"
te	0	""" We 're still closed ! """
te	5	""" I will be on my way then , got a few more people to invite , "" she said , ready to step away ."
te	4	Only it 's not just any guild , it 's a master group that has men in almost every other guild .
te	2	"I haven 't called anyone anything like that since I was six ! """
te	2	""" No , I 've already told you to always follow a plan . """
te	0	Jen stood and drew her swords .
te	3	If she was going to ever reach some stage of perfect balance then she needed to practice .
te	5	A cat moved in a much smoother , rolling gait than a horse , and she had become quite accustomed to it over the past two years .
te	2	The swordsman attacked again , followed by the knife fighter a beat later .
te	4	They followed her back through the halls until they once again came to the great white double doors of the Hall of Angels .
te	3	"You know more about this than you 're telling us and I want some answers . """
te	0	""" You see , "" she whispered ."
te	1	Marshal drew his sword and pointed it at her .
te	4	"We will end this evil tonight , "" Celestino said , even though the Archangel 's words stabbed at his heart ."
te	1	She grabbed Jen and pulled her away towards the house .
te	0	""" Plus you probably have a concussion ."
te	2	They did manage to get their shoes a little dryer , though .
te	0	"Not that anyone would attack here . """
te	2	""" Why would members of a gang be hiding things from other members ? """
te	5	Adrift in that nihilistic state , I didn 't see Miquel loosen his crisp black tie nor unfasten his ruffled shirt to reveal his neck to me .
te	0	She began to turn away .
te	5	I was confident I 'd make the leap to the tree without a problem nonetheless , but I was mainly much too tired to try .
te	4	""" Don 't take another step , little girl , or I spill this guy 's blood all over the floor . """
te	4	He relayed the orders to the soldiers , and without breaking the protective circle , they marched down the street .
te	3	""" Well , we aren 't going to make you stand outside until the storm blows over ! """
te	1	""" Oh , I won 't , I promise ! """
te	0	""" My Aunty taught me ."
te	3	"We should concentrate on trying to keep it from happening , rather than wondering about it . """
te	1	She wasn 't sleeping under the stars with her cousins .
te	5	""" And besides , why would you drink from a peasant 's stone cup when the golden chalice of the prince is pressed to your lips ? """
te	1	You thought they wouldn 't dare go after us .
te	5	""" My King forgive me if this is out of term but perhaps it is best if I speak to him , "" the mage said ."
te	3	If we had gone with the plan we would have gotten our butts kicked and run away .
te	3	Then send one of your men to the commander 's room in order to take a message .
te	3	"Who else is there to defend the innocent people who don 't even realize they 're in danger ? """
te	2	She wore an expensive looking dress and had a frilly umbrella in one hand .
te	2	She gestured with her head to a wooden door that looked like it led outside .
te	0	""" How do you know ?"
te	5	Tia and Carly hug their parents and tell them they are gon na stay the night with me and head towards my parents car with us .
te	0	It felt like forever .
te	5	He scraped it along the surface of the paper until all the smoke was rubbed off the point , then found another rock to finish the job .
te	5	You 've got to stick to the plan , because if we go down separated then we 've got no chance of getting back to the surface .
te	2	There , stuck into the ground illuminated by the fire , was a black dart .
te	0	I never knew they were actually usable .
te	3	A few people walked the streets and there were one or two small wagons made of reeds .
te	2	She wasn 't afraid of the dark or small spaces , but still .
te	0	She couldn 't help but smile back .
te	2	"If you 're coming back this way sometime feel free to stop by . """
te	2	He had on a white shirt , light blue tunic , and black breeches .
te	4	She was covered in dust and dirt , and there was a small red line of dried blood on her shoulder .
te	0	""" It stays with me . """
te	2	Mal managed to intercept the blade with his own before it reached her .
te	3	""" You don 't only need your eyes checked , you need your brain checked . """
te	2	""" It 's weird not knowing who 's up there , "" Jeff said ."
te	5	Nolen swiped his hand away and brought his fist up , catching the Mage on the chin and forcing him back as his teeth clicked together .
te	5	Chapter 15 Councilman Dagan had been asked not to leave Castle Jaden , but he left anyway , bent for the small city of Brisbane Dale .
te	1	It wasn 't long before they saw something in the distance .
te	1	She did , giving his arm a final jerk first .
te	4	Marriage was an eternal bond the female had no control over , always at the mercy of her father 's choices .
te	2	""" We 're the better fighters here and we have a stronger motivation ."
te	3	"After all , Mal was in the super guild and he 's turned into a good guy . """
te	5	When the wound was finally closed , she ran her hands hovering over his body , stopping in a few places to mend scratches and nicks .
te	4	It should have worried her about Jeff 's shoulder , but at that point more pressing matters were filling her mind .
te	2	""" I 'll just set something on fire , like a table . """
te	3	""" My village had a real path , but our neighboring village only had a trail . """
te	4	It was made of a brown leather shirt with bracers at the wrists , brown leather breaches , and brown lightweight boots .
te	2	After the stream incident they didn 't run into too many more traps .
te	2	""" You didn 't pull me into this , I chose to join you . """
te	3	""" Now all we need to find is Jeff and Mal and we can get out of here ! """
te	0	""" What were you thinking about ? """
te	3	Normally that wouldn 't be a problem , but at the moment she was really feeling drained .
te	4	There was only one stall she wanted to find , she decided , before she found a place to sleep .
te	5	Sweat dripped down into his eyes , and he wiped a hand across his brow inhaling deeply , feeling the drain the Elements took on his body .
te	0	""" Who are the river boys ? """
te	4	""" I won 't go picking fights , but if anyone approaches these people I 'm going to stop them . """
te	1	They sat on their cots on either side of her .
te	5	Not the physical kind but the strength that makes a man do good , rather than evil , though it be the harder option . '
te	3	He drew his sword and swung it in circles with a flick of his wrist , unconcerned .
te	4	""" We just prefer to be left alone , and it so happens that our location keeps us from the outside world . """
te	3	""" So , we 've finally found a place we won 't destroy by staying here too long ?"
te	0	She slashed up at his chin .
te	4	However , some citizens were still intimidated because they feared the magic would return at any moment , powering the guns .
te	5	The following morning I awoke late , in a panic , only to realize that there was no school this Tuesday due to parent teacher conferences .
te	0	The bar man stood watching them .
te	1	""" Bring it , "" she told the men facing her ."
te	4	The gargoyle pulled out the wooden chair by the low backrest , just as she did , but his landing was far less graceful .
te	4	"After a pause An said , "" Everyone in this camp comes from families that have been ripped apart by the guild ."
te	2	""" Why would anyone want to hide a trail in the middle of nowhere ? """
te	3	""" No one will know your lack of skill if you 're riding with me . """
te	1	""" Then why is someone following us ? """
te	2	""" I don 't pretend I 'm anything but what I am ! """
te	1	He was dragged away on the rocky bottom .
te	5	They might have been Immortal , but they weren 't strong enough to break these bonds , even though they were clearly struggling against them .
te	2	The boy nodded and walked over to the desk , looking pleased .
te	0	""" Maggie , no !"
te	1	""" Why did you lie to him ? """
te	4	Candles , in various stages of melting , covered much of the surface of the small table beneath the lonely window .
te	4	But I mean really we are disposable , if we get moved another foster kid will just fill up our place .
te	2	"They probably gave them to you to make space in the vaults . """
te	5	"Jonas was shivering in the corner , holding himself like a madman and blathering , "" I can 't believe it , I won 't believe it ."
te	5	As the paintings got more recent both of her parents got older and her mother began to look stricter and wore more formal , uptight outfits .
te	3	A bolt flew through the air where her neck would have been and embedded itself in a tree .
te	5	""" Tell me which town you are heading to in your notes , and if I have instructions , I will send a pigeon to the rookery ."
te	0	It was burning heartily .
te	1	""" And it was a good thing , too ! """
te	5	She took a couple steps so she was an equal distance from each of the side crystals and directly in front of the far one .
te	3	""" I know this is complex , try not to think too much on the image ."
te	3	A great monster , a dark cat-like thing , was crouching near them , ready to pounce .
te	4	""" You could tell me why the place we travel to is called the end of the world , "" he suggested ."
te	3	""" Hey , Jo , "" the jeweler said to one of the men helping him in the stall ."
te	4	"You do not , else you would just be like me , and in fact the whole world would just be like me . """
te	2	"If you 're coming with me then you might not come home again . """
te	4	She picked up the candle she came in with and replaced it with one a bit taller from the table .
te	1	It was built for dexterity rather than brute strength .
te	4	They stood and sprinted away from the trees , bending down to keep the archers from getting a good shot at them .
te	2	Number one stopped his sword and inch from his companion 's stomach .
te	0	""" That 's very helpful . """
te	0	Jen took a deep breath .
te	4	They had had Mal to patch them up before , and he was good at it , but it wasn 't the same .
te	1	"Actually , they 're going to come here soon . """
te	4	The file cabinets were organized into groups and subjects , so he started with secret military operations , of which there were many .
te	0	She touched the neckline of her nightgown .
te	4	They ran along the main road , careful to keep near the center so no one could sneak up on them .
te	1	"So just forget you ever met me . """
te	4	""" If God has given us human troubles , then he has also left us ways that can lead out of these troubles ."
te	2	""" Why would a nice city have a horrid place like this ? """
te	4	If she was going to go against what she knew was right , then she might as well go a little further .
te	4	"Celestino began , "" When we gave assistance to the man , Andres , I found his soul in great jeopardy . """
te	2	She shielded her eyes from the setting sun and squinted at the ground .
te	2	She hooked her sword with number one 's crossbow just as he fired .
te	1	She blinked and looked at him , tears blurring her vision .
te	4	He turned sideways and hooked the hilt of her sword in his , using her momentum to push her past him .
te	0	""" She 'll be fine . """
te	4	She had seen plenty of people wait in the front room of their house while their loved ones were with Auntie .
te	5	A bed had been moved to the center of the room , the floor was swept clean and fresh rushes had already been spread across the floor .
te	4	She lay on her back on the center cot and closed her eyes , a quiet sigh escaping through her nose .
te	2	""" I 've had worse , "" Jeff said , grinning as he quoted her ."
te	4	He had no idea how long the night would feel , but as the darkness lengthened he sensed a shift in the air .
te	4	quipped one of the girls in the first picture to her friend who was getting married in a couple of days .
te	1	She was used to chasing down many little kids .
te	3	Which one of them was really the stronger they 'd never know , but it didn 't matter .
te	2	"I guess a hunt would be a better term for it , then . """
te	4	"She takes the letter and reads it , she turns to my father , "" Brad you better read this . """
te	0	She smiled at him .
te	2	It gave him time to catch his balance before she could attack him again .
te	2	But there were five of them and one of her , and she was unarmed .
te	4	O Life was so beautiful then , days spent in the company of our mates and nights spent in the company of our dreams .
te	0	""" You knew about them ? """
te	3	"He should be fine as long as he doesn 't do too much activity or anything . """
te	1	""" If we run low I can go hunting . """
te	5	Independently of the dwarves they explored the deeps and made use of the strong metals they found therein , though never with the same level of skill .
te	2	They had washed the mud off and started to clean and treat their injuries .
te	4	"We can stay there for the night if you wish before making the journey back to our main base tomorrow . """
te	0	Her navigation skills were nonexistent .
te	2	The remaining Assassin drew a dagger as he bent over the three teens .
te	1	If they had been shooting at her she 'd be dead .
te	0	Jen bounced up to her .
te	3	If anyone was watching they 'd move to follow her friends and she 'd see them .
te	3	"The mayor is coming to meet Pain and thank her for her service to this town ! """
te	1	Then she stepped over him and ran off .
te	3	Her leg collapsed out from beneath her , and she cracked her head on the floor .
te	2	She parried a sword and faked a slash at her opponent 's temporarily exposed throat .
te	1	""" Oh , yeah , I am . """
te	3	"She sat down next to them and said , "" I need to talk to you about something . """
te	4	In a single day , my father lost his doting wife and son , the long awaited heir to his land and title .
te	4	The demon knew Iseo wanted the child inside of her more than her own life and he clutched the unborn from within .
te	5	""" When we 're down to one tenth of the reserve , we 'll retreat in good order "" , she said , more calmly ."
te	0	Then she kicked up .
te	0	She was screaming her head off .
te	3	Ignore the world around you , your own body , and the activities of your mind .
te	4	""" Though I have asked you about this guy a few times before , you have always evaded my questions on the subject ."
te	5	""" That is hard to describe , they are a mixture of many things , shades of magic you see , from many forms of sorcery ."
te	2	""" Well apparently I 'm the only person here who sees the big picture ! """
te	1	Jeff sat down and leaned against a wall .
te	3	""" How do you know what they 'll do if you don 't give them a chance ? """
te	3	"Protected by the Church , so that he may chose correctly , "" Father Tomas insisted ."
te	0	"We can take them . """
te	1	It 's best if you have crystals arranged in a formation .
te	0	""" Come on , guys !"
te	4	At that moment , it occurred to him that he had not truly considered the image of the defender against the dark side .
te	5	Chapter 8 Crossing of Stone Iseo walked quietly down the hall toward Celestino 's room , feeling guilty for borrowing a beeswax candle from the sanctuary supply .
te	1	She wasn 't going to do it again .
te	4	""" We also have a scouting base not far from here where our scouts can stay while they 're on duty ."
te	4	He realized that for his entire existence he would have to live with all the memories and images of Iseo .
te	0	She scanned the roof of the building .
te	0	"No one will know what happened . """
te	2	She came up to her feet and went to stab him in the back .
te	0	""" I get it . """
te	3	""" I 've been counting the intervals between when that guy shoots , and it 's around six seconds ."
te	3	The guy had dropped the crossbow and had his knees on the edge of the hole .
te	4	""" Do you really believe that just sitting on the floor is actually going to compel the college administrators to consider your demands ? """
te	4	It was very crowded and I couldn 't believe the bus driver was allowing as many people on the bus as he was .
te	1	""" You said you were running from a guild ."
te	5	There were enough sharp points to brace their feet on , though they had to be careful not to slip and cut themselves on some sharp stones .
te	0	Then the screaming began .
te	3	""" This was written around a hundred and fifty years ago by a famous mystic named Cho Ming . """
te	0	Love , Dad . '
te	4	"Angels are messengers , as well as warriors , "" Father Tomas paused , "" and some are evil . """
te	3	"It is extremely rare , and must be worked with great care ... and in secret . """
te	1	""" I 'm sorry , they made me do it ! """
te	3	At one point far along they had to stay quiet while they passed through a falling rock zone .
te	0	On it were hand drawn pictures .
te	0	""" My hair ! """
te	2	""" It looks like it goes somewhere , let 's follow it ! """
te	2	One of the women dropped to her knees and folded the girl into her arms .
te	1	She did the only option left for her .
te	5	Do you remember when you asked me why God would allow evil in the world , if He was indeed the creator of all things ?
te	0	Jen 's eyes slowly opened .
te	3	""" One can keep a look out for trouble while the other two are getting what 's needed . """
te	1	Two more were crouched behind her , hidden in the underbrush .
te	5	A moment later he returned to his human form , pulling what few fibers there were in the area to form a pair of shorts .
te	4	The demon feared eradication more than facing Satan for failing to drag a soul to the fiery depths of Hell .
te	2	Luckily for you I am familiar with the poisons the guild uses and counteracted it .
te	0	It was coming from outside .
te	5	There was music and song , poetry and storytelling such as has never been seen in Tel Arie - for it passed away with the Northern World .
te	5	Fire turned to ice and a blizzard of black , stinging flies the size of small birds crawled over them , leaving frostbite with their pricks .
te	5	""" I kept vigil for the rest of the night to make sure that no more suicide attempts were made by him , and fortunately none were ."
te	0	"Get her all at once ! """
te	5	His costume was a doggy hoodie with a big yellow star to cover the big white one on his head which gave him his name .
te	0	""" Let 's send more men . """
te	5	The red lines represent a line of lay pulled from a vortex , randomly orientated and oscillating , broken by this pattern of four polarizers .
te	5	Mrs. Sharma interrogated sharply , with every intention of going to the girl 's father and telling him what a harlot his daughter has become .
te	5	He hoped that this man may have come from the same place as Malik , and that Malik might even have sent him in his stead .
te	2	"I saw the hate in your eyes when you saw him . """
te	0	""" Do you recognize this ? """
te	1	"Imagine what a scandal that will be . """
te	1	""" Then you must leave in the morning ."
te	0	"Less people walk through there . """
te	0	On the smallest buildings !
te	3	Orange cushions surrounded a low bamboo table , which was set with cups and bowls for dinner .
te	4	He could not look away from the pile of burning rubble that was once the Emperor 's Palace -- his home .
te	5	' It is evil , ' she said to him , shuddering as his eyes were fixed upon her , ' to look upon me so . '
te	2	A crowd had gathered in a circle a safe distance around them .
te	3	""" Out of all the things you can do in a library you chose to organize the books ? """
te	5	If the perils of war were not sufficient to make an end of them , the servants of their fathers would poison them in their sleep .
te	3	""" Why don 't you seven go find Kale and Tillie , "" Kata and Kana 's mother suggested ."
te	5	She picked it up to kiss its tender cheek , but maggots wiggled and writhed between the swaddling and fell like rice on the dirt .
te	5	If she caught the slave boy , or whomever the Connection belonged to , she could force him to locate and open the hidden door .
te	0	Then she shooed them out the door .
te	4	Tears sprang to Amat 's eyes when the king got into the pool fully clothed , holding his beloved in his arms .
te	0	She sighed through her nose .
te	0	She pointed more fiercely .
te	4	"If I did that then all seven of you would have to scramble to get out of the way . """
te	0	""" But just let him go . """
te	3	""" I was watching you for a while and you don 't act like a guild member . """
te	5	In the midst of these flames the great Dragon lay himself down in great anguish of soul , lamenting the work of his own hands .
te	4	"There seems to be three more at the stained glass window to our left , and one more bowman behind us . """
te	5	"As I stated earlier , I was never the type of person to contain "" genius smarts "" , I was more ... lucky smart ."
te	4	Their progress was slower now , but that didn 't make much of a difference since they weren 't attacked .
te	5	"Lance pointed at a tree just head , "" Aim for that one , let 's just see if you 're not blind as a bat ! """
te	0	""" In here . """
te	1	Jan bit her lip and looked at Ben .
te	2	""" Can 't look up and see good old Bob up there , huh ? """
te	0	She stood up and hurried away .
te	3	I didn 't know what it was really like to kill someone or see someone die .
te	3	She leaped forward and turned so she could catch the first woman 's thrust over her shoulder .
te	0	The brunet noticed him .
te	0	""" What exactly are you doing ? """
te	4	But I can 't move my legs at all , it 's like I 'm paralyzed and they can 't move my legs either .
te	0	She held it out to Jeff .
te	1	""" What do we have to throw ? """
te	1	The chain that used to hold her ring was there .
te	5	This creature was past the point of bothering with a forged weapon as his claws had grown in substantially enough to be more effective in attack .
te	5	She considered trying to make a run for it , but she wasn 't sure how she could ever get out of this maze without their help .
te	0	His expression was one of dread .
te	4	The outside of the scouting base appeared to be much like the outside of the stable , only much larger .
te	1	"There 's something about it that just seems ... magical . """
te	0	""" She is , "" Jeff said ."
te	4	The trees and vines started getting covered more and more with wet moss , and the low lying shrubs turned from bushes to ferns .
te	1	The last thing she wanted was to run into Jen .
te	0	""" Maybe they 're out . """
te	2	She drew her sword just in case as she stepped out from behind the tree .
te	5	""" I can 't explain it , it 's a strange kind of passion , so intense that it compels me to give it my all ."
te	2	""" I guess I 'm not somebody then , "" Jen said grumpily ."
te	0	""" Why , what 's wrong ? """
te	5	Putting a hand on his side , he felt it slick with blood , and he saw it had bled down his shirt into his trousers .
te	1	""" Nope , they 're definitely hostile . """
te	0	She assumed that was for the meals .
te	1	She blinked in the sudden yellow light that filled the room .
te	4	"The fiery angels of God who guarded the entrance to Eden ; and guard the very throne of God . """
te	1	"I trust him with my life and that 's final . """
te	5	Cholera is so rampant that the injured men feel they are better off staying on the lines rather than chance going to the aid stations .
te	5	In the closet there are tons of clothes given to me from the other girls that are closer to my size , so all the older girls .
te	1	""" What happened , happened , "" she said ."
te	2	""" We haven 't seen them since the city , "" Jeff said ."
te	2	""" So what brings you to this part of the woods ? """
te	3	His jaw was swollen , possibly broken , and he had an angry , crazy gleam in his eyes .
te	2	Their weapons had unlocked while she had turned , and she hit him from behind .
te	5	She had to concentrate on getting her hands and feet to secure looking niches and to grabbing onto plants when the mud gave away beneath her .
te	1	She turned and took a couple steps away .
te	2	She felt the edges of the hole to find how big it was .
te	0	Julius fell backwards to the ground .
te	5	His frozen mind rebelled and ran careening away to the darker trackless recesses of his brain , while his gaping mouth issued a silent scream .
te	3	I 'm new to the real world , but it didn 't take me long to figure that out .
te	4	We also are excited to tell you that you will learn a little bit about Atlantis in the second book .
te	2	"She closed the door behind her and said , "" Hey guys ! """
te	4	"But if something does start tomorrow then it 'll make me happier if I don 't have to worry about it . """
te	0	He walked up behind her .
te	1	Jeff pointed to one of the windows on the second floor .
te	1	"He isn 't like James , though . """
te	0	""" Is it a tributary too ? """
te	0	She started counting again .
te	4	""" We would be honored , "" Orion said , "" if you would translate some of our most valuable texts for us . """
te	2	""" All she 's ever shown you is disrespect and anger . """
te	1	In her free hand she held up the jewel .
te	2	""" I said not to let your guard slip , "" Mal said ."
te	0	""" What 's the difference ? """
te	0	She looked like she was only five .
te	3	She spat it out and looked up in time to see black arrows flying over her head .
te	3	"Celestino 's matter-of-fact tone with the word "" Father "" caused the priest to flinch on the inside ."
te	1	""" I can protect you from criminals . """
te	0	So they weren 't dead .
te	3	""" You put it to the edge of the blade and then run it down like this . """
te	2	Light filtered in through the windows , shedding a warm glow over the shelves .
te	1	""" Do you wish to challenge me ? """
te	3	Celestino felt warmth spreading inside his chest each time the priest made reference to his Maker .
te	5	""" Well I will talk to him about it but I can 't promise anything , "" Sameer answered and then walked away hiding a grimace ."
te	4	""" I did not ask a price , but he offered a treasure he believed I could not refuse . """
te	2	A large sea serpent had risen from the water right in front of her .
te	4	""" Do you mean we may have to go all the way back the way we came in order go around this thing ? """
te	5	"If you leave now then it 'll only mean that there 's one less person who would know what 's going on if they come here . """
te	4	""" We might as well get a good night 's sleep since we don 't have to keep a lookout for Assassins . """
te	0	Two darts missed them by inches .
te	1	""" Let go of your troubles and personal dilemmas ."
te	1	She took out a bandage and wrapped it around her forearm .
te	5	He never expected the girl to have blood on her hands , dust on her thighs , or riding a tiger with a band of marauders .
te	5	Yes it is indeed a small town , however the activities , and happenings that happen both within and outside of the town can be quite large .
te	2	"Is it ... do they wear long black coats that covers their heads ? """
te	1	The shore was only a couple feet away .
te	5	""" Well there will not be any feasts in the immediate future but there is enough food to keep everyone alive for about 5 weeks ."
te	3	The corners of Celestino 's mouth curled up into an almost smile , which made Iseo laugh harder .
te	3	A well-placed elbow connected with her nose , and the handle of a sword bounced off her shoulder .
te	5	Jack had told me a long time ago , just nod and say yes dear or yes mom for me , and we would be alright .
te	4	If something like that happened while she was on her own she 'd be dead and the Assassins would get the jewel .
te	1	"He spent all day meditating and sharpening his focus . """
te	3	She held the other end of the vine in her fist and climbed onto the bridge .
te	4	I didn 't quite have enough money for the real expensive brands ; Gucci was a little too much for me .
te	0	""" Great , "" he muttered ."
te	0	""" Yes , "" she said ."
te	3	""" But I came here to ask them to dinner at the healer 's cottage ! """
te	1	""" All I asked was how you were doing . """
te	3	They ran away to their right , darting through the trees to try to not be seen .
te	2	She put her hand on her forehead like she was getting a headache .
te	5	She reached with a trembling hand to touch his nose , half expecting to feel coarse stone and was quite shocked to feel a wet black muzzle .
te	1	""" Not so invisible now , am I ? """
te	4	But the roar from within the chamber vibrated every rib and shook his doubt out like one shakes a floor covering clean .
te	4	"It 's more likely for her to have kept going this way than to so happen to discover this offshoot . """
te	2	The boy in the tree raised his reloaded crossbow and shot into the water .
te	2	"You mean we 're going to do something other than sit and meditate ? """
te	3	"God chooses your kind by granting the gift , and the Holy Father chooses us for ours . """
te	5	"He reached down and grabbed the electric cord , searched the dashboard for a little while with his eyes , then said , "" Ah !"
te	1	Instead she ran over to a long vine .
te	0	""" THAT WAS SO COOL !"
te	2	If you haven 't noticed he has a lot of street knowledge .
te	4	"Finally , he said grudgingly , "" That wasn 't the first oath of trust I have made with four younger people . """
te	3	""" My mother being the Constable I have a duty to rid our fair city of vermin . """
te	3	It didn 't sound soft and gentle like the rest of the house , it was sharp and angry .
te	1	The campsite was just as she had left it .
te	3	It had turned to mud , so the horses had to work to get the wheels through .
te	2	She was willing to be that he was playing hide and seek with some more .
te	1	"You don 't miss much , do you ? """
te	2	Mal had managed to stop those , but that was no excuse for her mistakes .
te	2	She knew what she did , but not what to call it .
te	4	His hand grabbed a wiry metal rod -- the remains of a building 's foundation -- and he halted his fall .
te	4	Tears filled her eyes at the humiliation of standing stark naked in front of strangers , with the exception of Amat .
te	3	""" It must have fallen and gotten wedged under the shelves while I was taking the rest . """
te	0	whispered Lily with a voice that trembled .
te	1	""" Good morning , "" said the man quietly ."
te	0	No warning and no nonfatal shots .
te	0	""" History , "" Jeff said ."
te	2	""" There are some things I missed about adventuring and some things I didn 't ."
te	1	""" Do you know what thunder is ? """
te	1	"He told me that I was his most promising student . """
te	5	They were not adopting because they wanted a baby to love , they were adopting because it would make them look like good charitable people .
te	0	""" Where am I ? """
te	2	Then we 'll look for anything that 's new in these books .
te	5	If she could just get around the base of the trunk she could run for it , but the scouts had formed a semicircle around her .
te	2	She hadn 't been giving him enough credit with the guilt he must be feeling .
te	4	"I didn 't think much of it then , but now I think that they knew what it was . """
te	3	""" Thunder is just the giants in the sky playing their drums , "" she told them ."
te	0	""" Are you all right ? """
te	0	""" ... really amazing , mother ."
te	4	I stayed with my Dads brother yes , but my Dad was a drunk , lazy , and had an excuse for everything .
te	5	Not likely , it was just more of that silent , barely detectable defiance Protectors all too often availed of when faced with orders they disagreed with .
te	3	""" Set up another time with Miss Fletcher for this discussion after the meeting , "" he ordered ."
te	3	Traveling about their woods , leading travelers to safety , protecting the roads , going places !
te	4	"We have to keep this map safe so someone with a photographic memory won 't be able to find us . """
te	1	""" I 'm looking for my hat ! """
te	2	""" Then we 'll have a better idea of where we are . """
te	2	She had an arrow to her string already and returned fire with deadly accuracy .
te	0	They 're staying with us for dinner .
te	2	His followers were to take them to different Sanctuaries all over the Middle Kingdom .
te	4	After they had left the field they had hiked for most of the night before finally collapsing near a small clear stream .
te	0	"It was named simply "" Inn . """
te	2	Maybe there was more to this strange girl then what first appeared .
te	5	Nah I don 't know Lady Aisling 's skill in healing , so you must tell her to mend the bones in your leg and ribs .
te	3	It made her sad , thinking about the family she 'd left behind when she went on her Journey .
te	1	""" Then we 'd better get going . """
te	2	""" Anyone a hundred miles away could hear you , you know . """
te	1	Then she dropped to a knee beside Jeff .
te	1	""" He couldn 't take his eyes off of it . """
te	1	The woman was perched in a tree above them .
te	5	Merchants and vendors were shouting and waving their products around , people were chatting , and the smell of cooked food and horse manure filled the air .
te	3	Their clothes looked badly hand-sewn and made out of random pieces of brown and green material .
te	0	No , she answered .
te	5	""" Yes , Sahab , have not eaten anything from the morning , "" the boy just repeated , making his eyes even sadder than before ."
te	2	""" So , what have you got for us , Archie ? """
te	2	It ranges from inventing a new type of boat to getting married .
te	1	She scooped up the knife and waved it at Marshal .
te	0	With that she left the room .
te	4	She took the jewel and the Assassin 's symbol out of her pocket , setting them on the table between them .
te	1	""" How far away have they gotten ? """
te	1	""" Get ready to run , "" she said ."
te	0	""" Where did that come from ?"
te	0	""" Hi , "" he said ."
te	3	Most likely his natural walk through the forest was as loud as they needed him to be .
te	4	Until then it made moving a little more dangerous since two out of three of them had only one usable arm .
te	2	But if they found it nothing would stop them from controlling the world .
te	0	""" What are you doing here ? """
te	0	Mr. Raymond nodded again .
te	3	""" I will teach you how to read the words , just as I did , "" Iseo said ."
te	5	""" I have been advised by both Mistress Angelika and Jack , that acting ethically is usually the best option , strategically "" , said Lilly ."
te	1	She spun in a circle and sat down hard .
te	5	""" I have never seen her myself but they talk about it constantly , that the Red Lady is their master and they would never betray her ."
te	2	""" That 's not going to happen , "" she said forcefully ."
te	5	"Extremely shocked as to what I was hearing it had all became clear now , "" So Clarity wants me to find the Orbs ? """
te	1	Thunder boomed overhead , and the younger cousins screamed .
te	2	She rolled under something that came flying from the upper left corner of the door .
te	2	She didn 't open her mouth , not trusting her stomach yet .
te	0	He peered at it .
te	3	""" But if you know a way out then why don 't all of you escape ? """
te	1	""" How far is it to your store ? """
te	1	It would have been so much easier that way .
te	3	""" I will not drink too much , "" he said , "" or make my face . """
te	5	"Work must be done , even when we have personal issues to attend to , "" he replied in a tone that made Iseo feel defensive ."
te	4	""" Take care of yourselves , and if you 're ever in this area again you 'll know where to find us . """
te	3	He was just so worn down that he looked much more aged than he really was .
te	5	One on top of the other like she could just step off the stair she was on and fall all the way down to the floor .
te	5	""" I want to take an active part in this mission , not just sit behind a desk while others do the dangerous things for me ."
te	2	""" Is he going to be okay once we find a healer ? """
te	4	he asked nonchalantly , while pointing to a very young boy who was sleeping on the seat next to Mrs. Sharma .
te	1	He had run off farther into the library .
te	4	My Uncle said , in fact he was correct , there was a team of four security men running towards us .
te	4	She began to weep , as the icy finger of fear punctured her gut , tugging and twisting her insides .
te	2	"I was not too young , and nothing changes what happened . """
te	3	Henna bowed her head as he , the two captains , and the lieutenants swept past her .
te	0	The woman was still speaking .
te	4	"If you are I might be able to find a way that 's a little less deep , or we could go around . """
te	3	She also had a torch , and she walked with the same stoop as the older man .
te	5	He glanced around the office , a spacious old room lined with paintings of the past governors of Falcon Point -- every one of them dead now .
te	0	How could she ever leave this village ?
te	5	The area around it was surrounded by a large crowd of excited , shrieking youngsters , making it a typical scene for a Rock concert .
te	2	Places where one would have to risk his life to get to .
te	4	Archibald went to the front desk while they waited in order to act like nothing was out of the ordinary .
te	1	"I 'd give anything to be back there . """
te	5	You don 't treat her right , you will be wishing you never met any of us , because I will make your life a living hell .
te	0	He thought for a moment .
te	5	He returned his eyes to the trail , the toes of his paws moved every now and then as he practiced a pattern she could not see .
te	2	Arrows continued to fall around her as Mal drew a throwing knife .
te	5	Henna hadn 't said that she was going to do that , but the Angels all seemed to start their day hours earlier than normal people .
te	4	The man came and leaned on the bar in front of her with one elbow as she took another slow , painful sip .
te	0	Time to make some fire .
te	4	Seeming to realize how she must sound , Henna set down her chop sticks and folded her hands before explaining .
te	1	""" Because you have better agility and Mal 's farther away ."
te	5	Yet if he did not draw on his power , use his separated self in the way he alone could , all would be lost .
te	1	""" The library will be closing soon , "" he whispered ."
te	2	""" So , basically more reading with no idea what we 're looking for ? """
te	4	Shivani responded , having no knowledge of what occurred between Meeta and Raj which had left her friend so disconsolate .
te	4	""" If our leaders wish to speak with you then they may summon you at any time , "" Laurence told them ."
te	1	"I wonder why this town is so deserted . """
te	1	""" Can I take the horses to the water trough ? """
te	4	Something had happened to Mal too since he was supposed to cover her in case she was followed but he wasn 't .
te	3	All the candles had burned to waxy puddles of hardened wax on the table under the window .
te	4	"But we were in a public place ; a place for all we know could 've televised it on national TV . """
te	1	She spun away before the dagger could pierce any deeper .
te	1	They watched the woods for any sign of movement .
te	1	"That way the flames don 't singe you . """
te	5	"Someday soon you will have to answer to the Head Mage and all of Jaden , and I warrant Casimir will take him from you . """
te	5	To listen to what they had to say about the forces of nature , philosophy , martial arts , and weaponry would be an honor .
te	2	She grabbed his wrist , twisting it so his sword fell to the ground .
te	0	""" I know I know !"
te	1	She scooped up her hat and looked back up at Davis .
te	0	It glittered in the sunlight .
te	2	""" One , two , three ... "" Jeff threw the book at the door ."
te	3	""" Well at least it 's too narrow for their crossbows or we 'd be dead !"
te	5	He could accept the practice in general , but when their father so clearly preferred one son over the other , it made him feel sorrowful .
te	4	Then I realize that no one from my group helped me , I couldn 't believe they let me get attacked .
te	1	""" The sun 's not even up yet . """
te	3	The sun was bright , making her squint , but she could see many dark clouds .
te	2	""" Mine neither , but we might as well keep going , "" she said ."
te	3	She had taken her sword off when she got back to camp and had put it in the wagon .
te	1	""" Why did your aunt teach you the Ancient language ? """
te	0	""" Less sleep for everyone . """
te	3	""" If anyone here were to know the way , it would definitely not be me ."
te	3	In her momentary distraction he had pulled his wrist out of her grip and went for his sword .
te	2	Most likely her eyes were tearing up from all the dust in the air .
te	3	In the center of the room , stood a man , a full head taller than himself .
te	3	The other girl 's eyes were red from crying , though her face had already dried .
te	3	The guy was strong and would have broken through her defenses if she had blocked it head on .
te	1	""" They 're circling around , "" Jeff said ."
te	4	""" No , they are not like you , "" the priest said , struggling to find the precise explanation ."
te	5	""" Oh , God , "" I whispered , and slid down the wall until I was sitting on the ground hugging my knees to my chest ."
te	5	Although this lack of acknowledgement did not in the least bother Rishabh 's patience , it did begin to chafe the majority of the protestors .
te	2	I 'd say she 's the last of the better fighters in this group .
te	1	""" You 're a stranger around these parts . """
te	5	There were a dozen burns he could see , and hundreds of little cuts that crept around his sides , as well as a broken collar bone .
te	3	""" She could have been waiting to drop down behind you , "" Mal pointed out ."
te	2	She blocked it and open hand punched his chest , which landed .
te	5	I sat frozen in the chair , both hands now sweating , yet I sat amazed from the ability I was witnessing right before my eyes .
te	5	When he did not , she gently pulled her fingers across , feeling the curves and dips of his torso until two fingers stopped atop a rib .
te	0	Inside she was searching for an advantage .
te	0	Auntie gave a small gasp .
te	2	The nearest target had a bunch of arrows in its bull 's eye .
te	5	Inside the cramped room there was a large bed covered with animal furs , a table , and a couple of uncomfortable looking wooden chairs .
te	4	"They joined with the demons below to search out weak humans and steal their souls -- that precious immortal gift -- to Hell . """
te	3	Why would someone shoot fish seriously there were so many more practical ways to catch a fish .
te	3	""" Maybe we should take turns actually keeping look out so he doesn 't do it all . """
te	1	The girl 's work was already paying off .
te	2	"With a map like this in their hands they could get wherever they want . """
te	4	It was a game in which you used small , flat circles called Ticks to flip other Ticks into a wood cup .
te	4	During the Separation from the Light , the deepest , darkest pain angels carried began to weigh on their shoulders .
te	3	Whose idea was it to start looking to some village kid like she 's a leader ?
te	3	She hadn 't expected him to be the first one to make an effort to make up .
te	3	"Besides , any girl who wants to be a forester is bound to have dangerous but good friends . """
te	1	Then again it would also protect her back .
te	4	She easily slid it to the side , but the force of the blow was greater than she had anticipated .
te	5	But before it came to blows , the thief held up his hands ( a loaf of bread in one of them ) and slowed his pace .
te	5	The horses footfalls were light and the rider approached quietly , closely , before the soldiers , intent on their breakfast , started to notice .
te	2	Her heart went out to him , but she couldn 't let up now .
te	1	Wooden stools stood in front of the bar .
te	3	"In order to reach internal balance you need a jewel or a structure of jewels to focus through . """
te	1	""" Will you be able to move ? """
te	1	One of them had an arrow sticking in his chests .
te	0	""" This is new for everybody . """
te	4	""" Yaar , you been saying this since last night , but are you at least going to tell me what he did ? """
te	0	He had done this thousands of times .
te	5	""" Today we shall avenge the lives so wrongly taken by villains and bring justice to those wrongdoers who deserve to be brought to justice ! """
te	1	She rolled backwards to avoid the woman 's next attack .
te	1	""" Yup , that would be the one . """
te	5	""" But why do you lie , I see no reason why a young man should be ashamed of his love for a young woman ."
te	1	The woman saw it coming and jumped it .
te	2	It sounded like he was trying to sound friendly , but didn 't mean it .
te	2	The three of them had walked up to the fight without realizing it .
te	4	Dad bought the house a few months after mom had passed because he couldn 't stand staying in their room anymore .
te	2	""" They 'll catch us quicker with these paths out here . """
te	1	""" We planned for her to get here after us ."
te	0	""" Go fall off a mountain . """
te	2	Jeff led her back to the room they had been in before dinner .
te	4	""" Look , if you 're going to lead the way you need to make absolute sure you 're right ."
te	2	""" If you only know the basics then why are you so good ? """
te	2	She had to deflect them and hit them fast before they disappeared .
te	2	She was still taking immense pleasure at watching the group run away .
te	4	She watched the woods as she ran , checking at intervals so she wouldn 't run off the path and into the water .
te	1	Or more like where she had been a moment before .
te	1	""" The less people who know about this the better ."
te	3	""" You aren 't only a bunch of bullies , you 're cheats as well ! """
te	5	""" Adam lingered at the edge of the great Tigris like one who was abandoned , even with all of creation at his feet . """
te	3	He ducked just in time to avoid a dagger one of the knife fighters had thrown .
te	2	She huddled down and covered her ears against the screams of the Assassins .
te	4	He hissed and coughed , but the priest took another mouthful of holy water and spat a mist over his head .
te	3	She shrieked as a tremor shook his splendid frame from the tip of his wings to his clawed feet .
te	2	She 'd been fooled before at the library and she wasn 't doing it again .
te	2	""" You mean my centering allowed me to achieve greater balance ? """
te	0	""" Yes we do ! """
te	1	His superior strode over to their three captives .
te	3	Sitting in a chair next to the fire was a young cleric , whom Father Tomas did not recognize .
te	1	That didn 't explain why the Assassins had retreated , though .
te	0	""" I never should have left . """
te	0	Then she stared at the ground .
te	5	When her handlers took too much of her identity to make the perfect heiress , he bore her into the countryside , ever cognizant of her mood .
te	3	This time there were so many people that the ones in front were practically stepping into the center aisle .
te	3	"This exposed the land , or Earth ... this is the power of our God . """
te	1	His smile disappeared when he noticed her expression .
te	1	""" I want to learn from you . """
te	2	She put her back to a nearby tree and peered around it .
te	1	""" Look , see the one in the middle ?"
te	1	They turned and started back down the alley .
te	2	I shouldn 't have tried to get you with that kill shot .
te	0	Almost there , a little farther !
te	0	""" Jump them ? """
te	5	As long as he remained hers ; her creation , her responsibility , her secret joy ... she embraced all this with her entire being .
te	2	They couldn 't have passed another tunnel , the floor and walls were all solid .
te	3	""" If you want to make a stand , then this is the best place . """
te	4	""" I don 't have much experience with that kind of thing , but the other two have been a little busy . """
te	0	""" We 're just three kids . """
te	5	The Mages had fallen so far they did not even know the Void Element ; a skill difficult to attain but vital for power succession .
te	5	It was covered with so many layers of swaddling cloth she could not see the face to discover whether the child was a girl or a boy .
te	5	The stables were almost completely destroyed , but dad had the good part repaired so that we could keep a couple of horses on the property .
te	0	She rolled back into cover .
te	0	"Even the handles . """
te	0	the hairy man said .
te	3	""" We have to do something , but it 's a bit of a secret . """
te	5	""" Just think about what I have said to you and one more thing , please don 't go and make similar accusations against Amar and Shivani ."
te	0	She closed her eyes and focused .
te	5	""" I always wondered why father made sure I knew coupling was reserved for the marriage bed until I realized I must be a bastard . """
te	5	These had been strung up with lighting in the days of magic , and in fact laws dictated that prisoner 's cells had to be lit .
te	1	Once outside he turned and slammed the door shut behind him .
te	5	""" The Head Mage has already given his pardon , and Mage Gabriel can no longer be tortured , "" Aisling said in a shrill voice ."
te	5	As the sword came for him his vision caught a glimpse of something , a glint of steel that entered the edge of his vision .
te	4	The Romans believed the entrance to Hades , what we call Hell , lay just beyond the line of sea and sky .
te	4	After doing the most thorough job of wiping and scrubbing , he returned it as he thanked the old man for his kindness .
te	3	""" Just then there was a strong energy flowing around you , "" the Most Honorable Mystic told her ."
te	2	""" I thought I might find you here , "" he said ."
te	2	"I suppose that 's one of the reasons I love it . """
te	0	She dropped to her left and rolled .
te	1	Her blade penetrated three inches into his abdomen .
te	5	Approaching the altar was a group of men , dressed in tight-fitting black uniforms with swords at their sides , and two staffs crossed on their backs .
te	4	"You 're going to make a great warrior someday , but gain some wisdom before you decide you know everything . """
te	3	She deflected both , number two 's with his own dagger and number one 's with her sword .
te	2	Most of the page was taken up by another picture of the necklace .
te	1	The hallways were all white with the occasional painting or tapestry .
te	1	"Did you know a Constable 's his father ? """
te	0	James ' eyes widened .
te	4	He stuffed his light rod into his backpack and surveyed the large room in the moonlight pouring through the window .
te	2	She hit the second guy again with a thrust under his sword for good measure .
te	3	""" If I had more time I could get one , but she 's getting away ."
te	1	""" Stay off the road and away from the horses . """
te	5	He grabbed me by my hair and was trying to pull me back , but because he was so drunk he wasn 't very steady .
te	5	Since this was the first time she wasn 't strung tight at the thought of getting attacked at night images kept swirling around clogging her brain .
te	3	As he said it he pointed with his thumb over his shoulder at the top of the door .
te	4	""" Now that acquaintances have been established , "" he motioned to the worn leather seats , "" shall we sit ? """
te	2	""" I 'll take his watch if you get him into a conversation . """
te	4	"He was a great person whom I wrongly accused of being a traitor , and he was one of my best friends ! """
te	1	""" Yes , that 's a good idea ."
te	0	""" We want to see them ! """
te	0	"Where did your Aunty learn it ? """
te	2	She was distant from the world around her and yet perfectly alert .
te	2	She walked over to the apprentice girl and kicked her into the water too .
te	4	Nalini said immediately after entering the room , looking to hasten the proceedings so that she could get back out to the hall sooner .
te	1	""" What 's in those that might be useful ? """
te	0	That didn 't matter .
te	2	Finally deciding to find less dangerous prey , it slid back into the water .
te	3	When everyone was ready Henna took out a map and unrolled it on the floor next to the table .
te	1	""" You know what 's even more fun ? """
te	4	It was a dangerous move and could attract attention if anyone was around , but it was better than yelling or running .
te	3	She didn 't want to think about what it would feel like to be wading in mud soaked boots .
te	1	"If I were you , I 'd go out back . """
te	5	But suddenly they start throwing things into the water and its starts burning me , it hurts so bad that I can 't even think anymore .
te	3	The hair on Iseo 's arms stood on end , as stillness settled inside and outside the room .
te	0	Jen made a face .
te	0	""" Just slide down ! """
te	0	""" My sword ! """
te	5	Chapter 21 -- General Strategy General Alessa lay on the floor of her tent , curled up in a ball , shuddering and crying silently .
te	3	The basket she pointed to was being held by a woman near where the ball had been .
te	2	They stayed with Marge and George for the rest of the day .
te	1	""" There 're not many people here either ."
te	5	Hands , claws , tentacles , and less recognizable things clutched at them from the broken scabs of rock that composed the surface of the lake .
te	5	This concern didn 't distract him , rather he used it to fuel himself onwards cutting down every Red Army soldier within reach of his blade .
te	4	Almost before her feet had touched the ground she turned and hit the man she had just vaulted off of with a spinning kick .
te	0	Jeff slapped a hand to his forehead .
te	2	A wave of nausea hit her , and she wrapped her arms around her stomach .
te	0	They proved what I 'd feared .
te	0	Jeff was turning very red .
te	1	He snapped the reins and they started into town .
te	2	Not too far away two black clad people were crouched near the water .
te	5	As he bounced a single time , the body rolling across a huge frame , he realized he had landed on the back of a dragon .
te	0	Jeff rolled his eyes .
te	0	""" When you were looking for trouble ."
te	2	""" Watch your step when you get out here , "" she called back ."
te	4	Celestino forced his eyes closed , willing sleep to take him to a different place , a place where missing Iseo did not exist .
te	2	"Let 's go back to town and get her warmed up . """
te	4	"If I ever would have had a daughter such as you , I would never have let her go . """
te	0	""" It 's a really large jewel ."
te	0	""" And ruin your fun ? """
te	2	"The first thing we should do is find it 's Sanctuary . """
te	1	When they were finished she thought for a moment .
te	0	"Put that away ! """
te	0	""" That 's not possible . """
te	4	He turned to keep the new attacker from killing him when the first one drew out another knife to stab him in the back .
te	2	""" The last person who helped me tried to kill me . """
te	4	She had made it perfectly clear this afternoon that she no longer wished to have anything to do with him at all .
te	0	"All the magical creatures went extinct . """
te	1	"You 're wasting your time with that one . """
te	5	""" You begin to understand , Stefan , "" Miquel told me as he got up off his bed and walked to where I still knelt ."
te	2	She dropped again as a knife came whistling through the air at her .
te	4	""" I don 't see how it makes any difference , "" she said , sounding as much like a know-it-all as she looked ."
te	5	Being raised by the two of you gave us the strength to step out on our own and do this the way we believe it should be .
te	0	Jen looked down at her blades .
te	0	The woman shook her head slowly .
te	4	But for someone who is not right in the head , it could cause them to do some really messed up things .
te	3	Back at their campsite Mal and Jeff had finished the tent and gotten a fire going .
te	2	Soldiers paced along the top of the walls like a bunch of really big ants .
te	4	""" Tracers can jump from ledge to ledge or fall from great heights with little or no injury by tumbling as they land . """
te	5	The young Happy Uncle was at most times surrounded by beautiful lady customers who came to the shop out of their fondness for the colorful bangles .
te	2	""" Then we should leave early tomorrow before they get up . """
te	0	The librarian looked around nervously again .
te	5	She may have been lovely when she was younger , but that was before her exiled husband beat her will and confidence out years ago .
te	3	That was mostly true except they were attacked by Assassins instead of bandits and they didn 't actually lose .
te	2	A long , low rectangular table took up most of the room .
te	1	""" Don 't worry about me , "" Archie said ."
te	0	""" Do not start that !"
te	2	"Maybe next time you should be a little less violent and ... colorful . """
te	3	The soldier stared at her in surprise for a moment before holding out a fancy envelope .
te	4	With a persistent urgency in both his step and manner , he entered the office and approached the desk of the pear shaped man .
te	1	She stood up and held out her hand to him .
te	1	This obviously wasn 't the reaction she was expecting .
te	1	""" I don 't know what to believe anymore ."
te	3	""" You may use these for the duration of our trip , "" she told them ."
te	4	Auntie would call them in soon for breakfast and the noise of the children would wake the other people in the house .
te	4	he suggested in a cherubic sing song , his sugary tone leaving his mother no choice but to accede to his demand .
te	4	They probably weren 't the best company since they were all so melancholy , but Marge and George didn 't seem to mind .
te	5	"I will only do so once I have assurances from you that I will be the first in line to receive the rewards you offer . """
te	0	""" That was so cool !"
te	5	"We got a distress call from you Uncle Tim , and we figured out who had kidnapped you , and got you before he could . """
te	3	""" I thought I might have had an idea , but it won 't work . """
te	1	It seemed Davis had more in him than she had thought .
te	4	The Emperor blocked or parried each attack , but the barrage slowly pushed him backward until he was almost leaning against the cold glass .
te	1	When she was done with that , what would she do ?
te	2	""" It 's too small to brace ourselves , "" she said ."
te	5	Positive that things were going to change quite a bit after this evening , I left my room and went downstairs to visit with my family .
te	2	It was warmer there , and it had a cheery look to it .
te	3	He exists , as He is ... to save us , to bring us to the Light .
te	0	"Do you want that ? """
te	1	""" He also suspects you , "" she told Jeff ."
te	2	A low table was in the center of the room with two arches leading out .
te	0	Archie stood up , looking very disapproving .
te	5	We got situated , bought snacks , drinks , and of course , shirts , pictures , and I got a life-sized poster of Henry Star .
te	0	""" Is he always this cocky ? """
te	1	""" Were you sent here to threaten me ?"
te	1	She didn 't want the Assassins pretending to be gargoyles again .
te	0	""" Mr. Raymond ? """
te	1	Eventually she stopped concentrating on the road and started looking around .
te	4	I mean I am in the system , so I have had to defend myself against my foster siblings more than a few times .
te	3	The martial arts studio back home was little more than a pavilion , so wind blew through it easily .
te	4	I just kinda nod at him with a look on my face like ' dude you need to take your meds ' .
te	2	She looked up at her friends , seeing her own surprise reflected in their faces .
te	2	"It 'll keep them from trying to do this again once we 're gone . """
te	0	""" This is too open ."
te	0	Jeff rolled his eyes .
te	0	she asked the two boys .
te	3	""" If you guys are so poor , then what were you doing in a bar ? """
te	3	She deflected weapons , twisted , and jumped as much as she could to keep from being hit .
te	5	"You end this protest of yours and I will overlook this minute gap in your marks and we can both have what we want . """
te	3	""" You might as well come to my house to get this cleaned and properly bandaged . """
te	2	Its red depths seemed to laugh at her , mocking her pain .
te	1	"He 'd give us kids some lessons on the weekends . """
te	1	Seeing his friends ' doubt , James ' bravado returned .
te	1	The woman sighed and slapped the papers onto the table .
te	3	""" Even if we 're all stuck down there at least we 'll be there together ."
te	5	The grandmother sat in a corner of the curiosity shop , in a dress elaborately braided from small strips of leather in a riot of earth tones .
te	1	"Don 't worry about it , okay ? """
te	0	""" This is a death trap . """
te	3	""" It sounded a lot more impressive before you two went and beat me out . """
te	5	We found this rock thing again and climbed around on it , but then the Assassins found us and we got separated in a crevice .
te	0	Still like any other step .
te	5	He willed his legs to sprint , but the tiredness of running through snow had taken its toll , and his legs only managed an insufficient stagger .
te	1	Her cheek hit the soft loam of the forest floor .
te	3	The odd timing gave the priest pause , but he took Celestino 's hand in his own .
te	1	Beyond that green grass went on to the horizon .
te	1	""" Okay Vila , come stand here . """
te	3	She carved each inch of him herself and brushed each inch of his figure with her own hands .
te	5	"I thanked the man , and he responded with a feint "" Be careful "" , almost as if he knew I was up to something ."
te	2	What happened that made them end up that way that turned him so paranoid ?
te	4	If this book were to get into public view , I suspect many would be burned at the stake for heresy .
te	4	"Besides , "" he said , "" if you follow your standards for trust then you can 't really trust me either ."
te	2	But there was no other way to see if Jeff was still up there .
te	5	A grave offense , one you have been guilty of several times in the past too , for which you have also received multiple admonitions .
te	5	When they begged forgiveness , He threw thunder and lightning at them , not to kill them , but rather to remind them of their treachery .
te	1	"I was actually disappointed in myself for my failure . """
te	0	She took a deep breath .
te	5	She did not want to miss a moment of this terrifying perfection , of his lips evoking the most exquisite torment yet to be discovered .
te	3	"If you come here as normal every day it will seem as if you haven 't found anything . """
te	4	"you bastards ... "" It was the boy in the shack who had just erupted out of it like an angry volcano ."
te	1	"I was wondering if you could possibly identify it . """
te	4	Iseo barely heard what he had said , as her knees still shook and her heart pounded loudly in her ears .
te	3	""" Better luck next - "" he cut off when her fist connected with his nose ."
te	3	They pulled over near the side of the road in a circle formation to protect them from wind .
te	4	After all , they had a greater chance of running into them on this trip than they had with the Assassins .
te	3	She closed her eyes and breathed out as she brought her hands together in front of her chest .
