tr	NNS	Things I could actually solve with a phone call or a pad and pencil .
tr	NNS	The twins entered the room , still screaming my name .
tr	NNS	Few designers ever got that kind of opportunity .
tr	NNS	All the drones straightened and took up wide boxer 's stances , forming a loose circle about the contested mantelpiece .
tr	NNS	Gorgeous paintings hung one after another , illuminated with precision .
tr	NNS	Our business leaders and their executives will not be too happy about having to stop at home and play Monopoly every night .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach catch fire and turn to ash , filling me with despair .
tr	NNS	Parts of me that I hadn 't felt in years were suddenly on fire .
tr	NNS	Luckily the entire contents didn 't pour into his lap .
tr	NNS	Things had been quiet for far too long for his taste .
tr	NN	Every fighting instinct I 'd learned had abandoned me the first time I actually needed it , lost in a wave of panic and shock .
tr	NN	On paper , the goal of nirvana is attainable by anyone , although it may only be a realistic goal for members of the monastic community .
tr	NN	""" There is no honor in throwing your life away either ."
tr	NN	But also just as it did before , my pulse plummets with disappointment when I see that it 's not .
tr	NNS	Horton 's companions gave a round of applause with cheers , but were soon silenced when they saw the long , scowl faces that beleaguered them .
tr	NN	He knew he couldn , t continue this way .
tr	NNS	Occasionally , ventilation registers in the ceiling marked his passage , but aside from that it was just one endless passageway .
tr	NN	The reverend was right ; he hadn 't minded church that much when he was young .
tr	NN	There was a glint in her eye as she wandered back to the fence where a row of practice swords were lined up .
tr	NN	As far as the Earthling was concerned , the option to engage in passion was now the Chancellor 's .
tr	NN	A calmer , introspect persona replaced exuberant Clare .
tr	NNS	Claire 's body stiffens and her hands remain at her sides .
tr	NNS	Maks feigned drunkenness and remained still in the bed .
tr	NNS	Or mothers persuaded to give up a child for money or a so-called better life for the baby .
tr	NN	""" Everyone will need to wear their ceremonial robes , "" our leader , Heidi , started ."
tr	NNS	Not identical twins as she 'd first thought .
tr	NN	Usually , football takes care of it .
tr	NN	If you hold the trigger down , only one bullet will fire .
tr	NN	The design itself was nothing special .
tr	NNS	""" Such brave talk !"
tr	NNS	His actions were the same .
tr	NNS	""" Yes , visits to the coke works during the war . """
tr	NNS	Lots of supers have them .
tr	NN	They don , t want to admit it .
tr	NNS	His carelessness was going to teach him a very tough lesson .
tr	NN	As with previous games , each player ran past and brushed his helmet against my palm .
tr	NNS	""" And where are your siblings ? """
tr	NNS	Eventually , their species grew to believe that they were the true residents of our home .
tr	NNS	"Witches hate that . """
tr	NNS	Certain creatures have sharp ears .
tr	NNS	Things would never be okay .
tr	NN	""" So why was a federal special agent mucking out my stables ? """
tr	NN	The pilot readjusted his position to center himself behind the long control rods and waited for the tank to fill .
tr	NNS	Miss Lynn 's origins were no less humble .
tr	NNS	Our tongues gently searching each other 's mouth , him playing with my hair and running his fingers along my shoulders .
tr	NN	the lieutenant said through a microphone equipped flight helmet that made his voice sound almost automated .
tr	NNS	There simply weren 't any seats available for the next few days .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile all these fuckin ' hipster drones show up bright and early .
tr	NN	Her teacher unlocked the classroom door , hands shaking , not showing a bit of surprise .
tr	NN	The redhead was crouching over Ryder now , taking the vampire 's blood and filling up test tubes .
tr	NN	What is the artifact ?
tr	NNS	""" There were no prints on the recovered phone ."
tr	NN	The men 's hearts race , as the boat continues to creep across the water , hitting objects until it finally stops .
tr	NN	My gut instinct was to go get the hatchet and start chopping some stakes .
tr	NN	Then came the passenger , simultaneously gasping for breath and moaning .
tr	NNS	"Where 's our helmets ? """
tr	NNS	Anthony removes the amulet from his neck , pulls out a knife and his blood drips first onto the crystal white stone .
tr	NN	"The nearest dwarf regarded him with that slightly defiant , slightly uneasy look he "" d come to recognize ."
tr	NN	""" A caravan master who plays favorites with his wagon owners risks breaking up the whole enterprise ."
tr	NN	The Final Empire itself was the logbook 's legacy .
tr	NNS	Waves lapped up his calves .
tr	NNS	Delores could manage it .
tr	NN	The van was stopping .
tr	NNS	"Radiation levels are normal . """
tr	NNS	Others had drifted further and further apart until it was too late .
tr	NNS	"Lewd images of the different ways he 'd "" make sure "" flashed in my mind before I took a deep breath and smiled up at him ."
tr	NN	The surgery was extremely successful .
tr	NN	The restoration of the boats proceeded without incident .
tr	NNS	The mermaids all watched , looking highly entertained .
tr	NN	The lust and fury were still battling in his eyes .
tr	NN	"Kissing your student gets you promoted ? """
tr	NN	The last dragon had perished half a century ago .
tr	NNS	Other little arrangements which I will not specify seem to have been bypassed .
tr	NNS	Muscles clenched in places that had lain dormant for too long .
tr	NN	A maid to help you dress , a nurse for when you are sick .
tr	NNS	Linen napkins , beautiful china , and crystal goblets were waiting for them to enjoy .
tr	NN	The general design of the poet is not only defensible , it is , I think , admirable .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids lifted , though she seemed to struggle with the effort .
tr	NN	"Her pulse is barely there ! """
tr	NN	""" Oh , my revenge is so sweet ."
tr	NNS	Even untested apprentices could get lucky .
tr	NN	After overhearing the scavengers plan , his first instinct had been to talk to Lucas .
tr	NNS	Things might not go so well for her during the next election , so she was looking to move herself into an even better position .
tr	NN	The girl 's writing could never have fit on a grain of rice but it was impressively small yet easy to read .
tr	NNS	Two dwarves manned the lightning cannon .
tr	NNS	The markings , then , were fresh .
tr	NN	The stag stopped and lowered itself so the boys could get down .
tr	NNS	""" The twins and the body of the Mother , do you see it !"
tr	NNS	""" Things will be different . """
tr	NNS	Lots of people count on me .
tr	NNS	The footsteps go straight to Sydney 's room and I hear the door slam .
tr	NNS	Small drops of blood beaded up from the tiny holes .
tr	NNS	Aidan grins and wraps his arms around my shoulders in response , resting his clasped hands lightly on the back of my neck .
tr	NN	""" Your tether is pointing this way . """
tr	NNS	The villagers just watched him go , speechless .
tr	NN	His conflicted persona definitely made him popular with women .
tr	NNS	As he worked her with his mouth , her movements became more agitated and her whimpers came faster through her panting until he pulled away .
tr	NNS	Sewers , basements , old wells often have secret entrances into the ancient catacombs .
tr	NNS	Behind the two lovers is a sunset with lots of red and orange hues reflecting off the water .
tr	NN	That bitch was lying in wait to bring the smack down .
tr	NN	A thin scar split his right eyebrow , and she wondered how he 'd gotten it .
tr	NNS	At least the passengers were making it harder for the creatures to get to him .
tr	NNS	Hands wrapped around his ankles and an irrational fear that the hands didn 't belong to Mack gripped him .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids slowly shut on a smile lit from inside as she eased from her side onto her back .
tr	NN	An identical dimple showed in Cleo 's cheek .
tr	NN	A carpet runner lining the stone risers should help with traction , but it was going to be a bumpy ride .
tr	NNS	His extremities felt cold , and he wondered if he was going into shock .
tr	NNS	Chapter Seven Bishop Adrenaline races through me , making me feel higher than any drug ever has .
tr	NNS	"My spies told me that years ago . """
tr	NN	"What progress have your people made ? """
tr	NN	Her soft sniffle nearly broke Rebecca 's heart .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes the werewolves fell to the ground on all fours like a dog and disappeared into the darkness .
tr	NN	The combined appeal to his prurient interest and his scientific curiosity is too much to endure .
tr	NNS	But when our eyes met , their expressions appeared vacant .
tr	NNS	Others , like myself have more forceful personalities .
tr	NNS	Three identical expressions of shock stared back at her .
tr	NNS	Doors opened and shut in the hallway outside the room , and there were voices , muted but distinct .
tr	NNS	Things seem to swirl around me , like things going down a bathtub drain .
tr	NN	""" You need to stay home today , the factory will survive without you for one day ."
tr	NNS	Marius had brought her the stylish modern garments she wore ; satin shirt , boots to the knee , cleaving velvet skirt .
tr	NN	The instinct to survive is powerful , and I can no more control what happens next than I can control my own heartbeat .
tr	NNS	The green hills to the north of the city were gently rolling and were dotted with artistically placed groves of trees .
tr	NNS	"The guardians are arriving , and I need my full staff . """
tr	NNS	Three motorcycles pulled up and the man in charge shut down his engine .
tr	NN	Her h * ps began to undulate , and he saw she had her hand between her thighs .
tr	NN	""" I think , "" Deuce drew out hesitantly , "" ' function ' is perhaps too strong a word . """
tr	NN	The blue carpet had deep indentations from where the furniture had stood .
tr	NN	Bit by bit , the pulse of the bar slowed and returned to normal .
tr	NN	There was a control panel on the wall with a blinking red light at eye level .
tr	NN	Her writing wasn 't going nearly as smoothly as she would like .
tr	NN	""" That weakness , "" says Roland to me , "" they tried rolling you ."
tr	NNS	The creatures surrounded every passage into the castle , making it impossible to run in .
tr	NN	This consultant will have the power to nix any storyline or segment idea if deemed inappropriate .
tr	NN	History only remembers the winners while everyone forgets the losers .
tr	NN	The secretary left and the doors closed behind him .
tr	NN	Cara 's specialty is obstetrics . '
tr	NN	A traveler would definitely notice something like that .
tr	NNS	Its only contents besides the reception desk are two plush navy blue chairs and a large fake plant .
tr	NNS	""" Your motives for discussing the destruction of Stonehaven are irrelevant ."
tr	NN	""" There is no greater honor than that ."
tr	NNS	There was a certain stiffness to the lad that spoke of fear , pride and courage all mixed in together as he stood protectively by his sister .
tr	NN	A fine sheen of cold sweat broke out over my forehead and my stomach turned .
tr	NN	A deep mauve carpet covered the floor , flowered curtains hung at the windows .
tr	NN	A hunger that I felt , but ... His gaze collided with mine , and now his pupils were completely vertical .
tr	NNS	Romulus tilted his head with a new thought .
tr	NN	' Good advice , ' Love replied .
tr	NN	That other Abigail was lethal .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flinched at the rotten stench from the growing infection and my stomach wanted to heave .
tr	NNS	Then , too , the areas where he 'd been wounded made themselves known , throbbing as he ran .
tr	NN	""" Where 's that spunk ?"
tr	NNS	Sure enough , there were black SUVs out there on the street .
tr	NNS	The silver hoops flirted with her hair , and the silver cuff bracelet gleamed .
tr	NN	There is no explanation for this , no reason for something like that and no way to describe the feeling of being burned alive , but not .
tr	NN	The leader with the nose turned to another one of his men .
tr	NNS	I turned to see Max facing my bedroom door , hackles raised .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stared absently at the horizon of the bustling city .
tr	NN	That bacon cheeseburger had better show up fast , because holding her tongue was damn difficult .
tr	NNS	The remaining rats have scurried back into the brush .
tr	NN	The pit had to be fifty feet deep .
tr	NN	There was a woman 's shriek , then the sound of several women screaming .
tr	NNS	Small spots of flame sputtered on his body .
tr	NN	An undercover agent was missing .
tr	NN	Familial loyalty offers the closest facsimile , but otherwise , they lack emotions as we know them .
tr	NNS	Yet , just like the dozens of times before over the last two days , his hopes quickly sunk .
tr	NN	A savage thrill of triumph went through Sam .
tr	NNS	The suits , meetings , travel .
tr	NN	""" Your grandmother was one powerful woman to keep that under wraps ."
tr	NNS	Young mothers walked with babies in their strollers , mingling with scene teenagers with blue , purple , and pink hair .
tr	NNS	As soon as they saw me , the wolves scuttled even farther into the shadows .
tr	NNS	The women 's expressions told Stacy they expected some kind of response .
tr	NNS	My priorities can 't be right , because a petty involuntary complaint creeps in : the Doctor gave me this shirt .
tr	NNS	There were just so many factors to consider and reconsider .
tr	NN	The turf that rose seemed to pop up and ask , Why me ?
tr	NN	The jukebox cranked up , banishing the silence from the room .
tr	NN	The gas swallowed it and spat out another fireball .
tr	NNS	Probably just some traders or travelers passing through .
tr	NN	""" Give me your word , "" the rogue rasped softly , as if unable to believe what I was offering him ."
tr	NN	The liquid burned the back of his throat , but the fire was welcome .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to take those two boys by their ears and drag them to the principal , or worst .
tr	NN	Its white siding , colorful flower bed , and the whitewashed fence that surrounded its impeccably manicured lawn all shouted ordinary .
tr	NN	There was only the slightest hesitation .
tr	NNS	' There aren 't any cells at Haslemere and they had to hold him overnight . '
tr	NNS	The two detectives separated to cover more of the chapel .
tr	NN	Part of Natalie felt like she 'd see him again .
tr	NNS	"Things could get bad , and I 'd not have you dying , not for this , not now . """
tr	NN	A grimace swept over his face , but he didn 't shift his gaze .
tr	NN	Their fairly repetitive experiences hadn 't been any help at all .
tr	NNS	Something momentous had just happened to him and damned if he could make sense of it standing in a crowded parking lot .
tr	NN	The growl of the engine seemed to underscore the rage pumping just below the surface of his mind .
tr	NNS	Without her , there was only hollow emptiness .
tr	NN	The market was trending nowhere for the day .
tr	NNS	But right now , the temperatures were hovering around thirty , and right now , the snow wasn 't going anywhere except higher .
tr	NN	A mountain of emeralds hung around her neck and wrists , and even more dripped from her ears .
tr	NN	The highway was only a few blocks from my apartment , so we were quickly on our way .
tr	NNS	The facts of today didn 't support it , but he also knew that most historical testimony was grounded in some form of truth .
tr	NN	The organization was getting ready to open a central crisis unit .
tr	NN	A soft click sounded .
tr	NNS	Simple sequined sandals matched .
tr	NNS	DVDs cost three dollars , jeans supposedly from the Gap went for half that .
tr	NNS	To them those tales are now only legends , myths now not to be believed .
tr	NNS	Dressed in black velvet with diamonds twinkling at her throat , the countess presided at the head of the table .
tr	NN	An Italian opera played softly in the background .
tr	NNS	There are no second chances or room for mistakes .
tr	NNS	"Smells like someone lost a lot of blood . """
tr	NN	The passion he could so easily stir within her would make the nights wonderful .
tr	NNS	His contacts would do their work and he would soon know about any flight booking under their name .
tr	NNS	Flowers were awfully ... pretty .
tr	NNS	Reyes looked down at her , his expression hard .
tr	NN	Just like with her friends last night , the lack of security is new to me .
tr	NN	There was a Man Wolf Facebook page , and a Man Wolf poetry contest on YouTube .
tr	NN	For a moment the firelight gleamed red , so that his eyes glowed like a wolf 's in the night .
tr	NNS	""" Only a few planets even contain the trace chemical ."
tr	NN	The compulsion which had come over me at Gara seemed gone now .
tr	NN	A ruthless hunter that considered humans prey .
tr	NN	A sob that had been hiding somewhere deep within me found its way to the surface .
tr	NNS	"Your captains might find our talks enlightening . """
tr	NN	Thank goodness for real women with maturity , Love thought to himself as his mind wandered to Sophie .
tr	NN	All this stalling was buying her nothing , and in all her time here , she was no closer to freeing her friends .
tr	NN	Just keep in mind , the government no longer serves its citizens but has been bought by big business .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights on Hawthorn Drive .
tr	NN	There was a tap on the window and Claire looked up automatically .
tr	NNS	Lives in an apartment in the Warehouse District , mom lives out in Hammond with his younger sister .
tr	NNS	These meetings were part of my outpatient plan .
tr	NN	Her orgasm had been fantastic .
tr	NNS	Immortals have come from all over the world to protect you , my dear .
tr	NNS	There were three levels of tree houses and they continually tried to climb higher and higher in the tree .
tr	NNS	The calluses should not have ignited a fire in her blood , but they did .
tr	NN	All satellite navigation had broken down , or been destroyed , and Winston could not rely on the continuing functionality of his internal guidance systems .
tr	NN	He wore a long black cloak , his hood pulled down over his eyes .
tr	NNS	"Any images we take will show that . """
tr	NNS	The iron gates opened , and she glimpsed the wicked name of the mine before it split in two and swung wide .
tr	NN	My precious merchandise set free .
tr	NNS	The teachers believed it was just because Pyotr had scared them , but they were wrong .
tr	NN	The Jewel chip would retain the conversation until he was ready to retrieve it .
tr	NNS	His thrusts increased , one after the other , beautiful friction .
tr	NN	"Your unit didn 't even pick up . """
tr	NNS	The seals weren 't too far away from us .
tr	NN	But the blasted wig was fire retardant !
tr	NNS	"Things quieted down for you ? """
tr	NN	A musical , like everything we performed at Fox Hill .
tr	NN	The young captain was afraid , and he wasn 't afraid often .
tr	NN	Suddenly , the parking garage popped into my mind .
tr	NNS	The commonplace suggestions of the scene became grotesque at this stage .
tr	NN	The farther they got from Wales , the more complicated everything became .
tr	NNS	In the distance , bluish gray hills rose into a sky so blue , it hurt the eyes .
tr	NNS	Rapid footsteps echoed on the metal steps and faded in the distance .
tr	NN	The bullet left the barrel in a flash of light , hurtled an inch from Anna 's right eye and struck the stone ceiling .
tr	NN	At the end of the shops , there were a gap to cross over to the apartments .
tr	NNS	Lights came on and off ; the chairs reclined .
tr	NNS	The wild groupies didn 't want anything but sex and attention .
tr	NNS	Earlier in the day , the two couples had taken a picnic lunch to Point Defiance Zoo .
tr	NNS	You and your ... er , associates attacked our caravan just after we 'd finished our evening meal .
tr	NNS	Her worries about Mike and Julie 's safety had only intensified during the night .
tr	NN	A strange glint filled Grey 's eyes .
tr	NNS	For some reason their smugness got under his skin .
tr	NN	""" My ID of the man who checked you in matches Lambert 's description ."
tr	NN	All that mattered was that she was in his arms again .
tr	NN	There were a ton of cars already in the lot .
tr	NNS	Coordinating their attack , the heavily armored suits spread out , attempting to surround the boy once again .
tr	NNS	"Where did the last three vials go ? """
tr	NNS	There was one other older adult , not counting Harald and his wife : a woman with brown hair and blue eyes .
tr	NN	""" The conservatory is a silly place to be indisposed ."
tr	NN	The airport was fairly busy so it only took a few minutes till a man close in proximity to Jackson 's size entered the restroom .
tr	NN	"No self-esteem whatsoever , really . """
tr	NN	The slutty clothing became less revealing and more defensive .
tr	NNS	The earliest visitors to the interior of the Congo were Arab slave traders and Portuguese merchants , and several had written accounts of their travels .
tr	NN	Once , hard , a stroke quick as lightning with her fist all balled up like a coiled snake .
tr	NNS	There were just too many possibilities .
tr	NN	And a Lupine , for crying out loud .
tr	NNS	Her instincts sensed a weakness in him , a flaw .
tr	NNS	The worries of the day no longer plagued me as much .
tr	NNS	Upstairs this first change had had a different operation .
tr	NN	Love was well aware of Stuart 's creative hobby .
tr	NN	""" No , the knight of clubs . """
tr	NN	The slender straps on the gown glittered with gold crystals , while the deep V in the center plummeted down into the swelling valley of her breasts .
tr	NN	His pen stabbed a hole in the legal pad .
tr	NNS	"Your Gramps is a genius . """
tr	NNS	Things like they lied about being from France .
tr	NN	A spider descended from the rafters on a strand of silk .
tr	NN	There is no defense against this genius because how do you attack what isn 't quite there ?
tr	NNS	My siblings and I all looked at each other .
tr	NNS	Their batteries were not dead yet and the uneven ticks of them sounded like a heart afraid of the world around it .
tr	NNS	"Time travelers are always variables . """
tr	NNS	There was a clank as the bar above her head swiveled to accommodate her new position , her wrists still firmly held by the handcuffs .
tr	NN	Hanging in silence , the captured ninja cannot decide what to say .
tr	NN	An audience to watch me chew .
tr	NNS	The drums have bungs connected to winches on shore ; if the Germans come , all they have to do is fire up the winches .
tr	NNS	My neck gears don 't turn so good these days .
tr	NN	And why the hell did the werewolf want her so badly ?
tr	NNS	Fridays are her morning to open .
tr	NNS	A soft mattress swallowed her up , and without thinking , she pulled at Sebastian to join her .
tr	NNS	Things she didn 't seem remotely interested in .
tr	NN	There is not a single wrinkle on her face .
tr	NNS	""" Sun flares have ravaged many parts of the earth ."
tr	NNS	Flowers of different colors were growing and the grass was reaching for the sky .
tr	NNS	The mother 's sobs rang out with others ' screams .
tr	NN	Peggy 's announcement brought the conversation to an end , and Angela nearly cried in relief .
tr	NNS	"Unreliable sources would extract too high a penalty . """
tr	NN	The creak of footsteps sounded in the hall before Tiger Chandler ducked his head into the kitchen .
tr	NN	The rope around his waist meant not only that his friends would help him in case of a cave-in .
tr	NN	The highway jogged east and Gage slowed as he pulled off .
tr	NN	The initial goal , after the bomb goes off and the dust is settling , is to protect the stock price .
tr	NNS	These meetings were mostly a bore but it gave him a chance to meet his friends and go for a beer afterward .
tr	NNS	Then again , ghosts could do just about anything right ?
tr	NNS	Ada 's petty insults weren 't worth getting upset over , but how could Hunter have hidden this from me ?
tr	NNS	Questions began to pour through my mind , and I lifted my eyes to the woman , ready to voice them all at once .
tr	NNS	There were five other cubicles similar to his own in the office .
tr	NN	"The sergeant adopted his barking voice again , "" Right !"
tr	NN	""" The electricity must have gone out . """
tr	NNS	Looks back up at me .
tr	NN	""" Just fucking drive ! """
tr	NN	Another malfunction soon joined the party .
tr	NN	His friend Howie would probably be in on it .
tr	NNS	The possibilities weren 't promising .
tr	NNS	Kids from high school would head out there to get high and drink cheap beer , blowing off steam with their fathers ' guns .
tr	NNS	""" But the cats do resemble humans in a lot of ways . """
tr	NNS	The two figures jumped back and huddled together .
tr	NNS	Where the actors stood when they said their lines .
tr	NN	His voice was utterly beautiful , a soft melody of words , the cadence pure and perfectly pitched so that they all strained to hear him .
tr	NNS	Sirens ensued , and two maybe three police on foot began running in the northbound direction .
tr	NN	There was no discharge , so she pushed the gate the rest of the way open and stepped free of the cage .
tr	NNS	' Who were the posters for ? '
tr	NN	My pulse slows while my breathing decreases , and for a moment , I think I 'm going to die again .
tr	NN	The girl TED went off at a sprint , determination written on her face .
tr	NNS	""" Two coins , "" said Nick ."
tr	NN	With deep regret in his eyes , the bike roars to life , turns around , and then speeds away .
tr	NNS	Two attendants disappeared and returned holding the squirming cubs , wrapped in nets , in their wildcat forms .
tr	NNS	""" The wolves are swimming away ! """
tr	NNS	Only half the Gray strands broke immediately .
tr	NN	The plant weighed more than he had expected , but the heavier the better , he thought .
tr	NNS	There are literally thousands of Marks .
tr	NN	Gabe 's habit must be contagious .
tr	NNS	""" Homemade cookies , "" Jason said , sliding forward , far more appreciative than her daughter ."
tr	NNS	Things had been going great for Nate ever since he had befriended the creature .
tr	NN	His Norseman 's resolve to contain fragile emotions did not disguise the sorrow behind his eyes .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body trembled , my chest felt tight , and my wounded leg felt like jelly .
tr	NN	Naturally my resolve never stood a chance .
tr	NNS	Things would have gone differently if she didn 't have to fight the cat woman for control .
tr	NNS	The sports bra she wore clung to her small breasts and was soaked with sweat beneath her arms and where it clung to her cleavage .
tr	NN	The homing instinct is strange phenomenon , of which zoologists are only starting to scratch the surface .
tr	NN	Her agitation increased her heartbeat .
tr	NN	The inspector increasingly felt like screaming .
tr	NN	Lie to them , play with them , tell them what they want to hear .
tr	NN	"A hottie as well from the pictures I 've seen . """
tr	NN	Part of that had been genuine , for his own worries had convinced him that she couldn 't be trusted .
tr	NN	""" She 's a beautiful child , "" the newcomer said ."
tr	NN	"The receptionist said , "" We have a cancellation ."
tr	NN	Yet , still , there was the reference to dinner ... perhaps Sheba was getting hungry .
tr	NNS	There were several police cruisers parked outside .
tr	NN	Her posture was a disaster .
tr	NNS	The old lady downstairs had rung environmental health when she first smelt the decomposition , and they had in turn called in the police .
tr	NNS	In general , in the north uniforms stayed out of sight .
tr	NN	The oar looked like a sword .
tr	NNS	Marius changed his mind .
tr	NNS	""" Naw , "" then , I eat ."
tr	NN	A lady 's maid ought above all to practice patience and discretion ; she had shown neither .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to hurt myself .
tr	NNS	The mansions all shared one thing .
tr	NNS	Two more Sentinels rushed the room .
tr	NN	You don , t look sick to me , by the way .
tr	NN	Dean towered over him , the sparkle in his eyes now hardened with rage .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , perhaps , ordinary life was going on ; down here , it was eerily quiet .
tr	NNS	"Things are going to start happening before we know it and we need to talk . """
tr	NNS	Myles rested his hands on his hips .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of shadow dwellers kept attacking her imagination as she looked out the dark window over a sink full of dirty dish water .
tr	NN	Opening what appeared to be a pantry , he pretended not to hear her .
tr	NN	the priest said urgently .
tr	NN	The mechanism is down inside the dam .
tr	NN	I blink in a daze then begin inhaling huge gulps of oxygen when I realize what 's wrong with me .
tr	NNS	The media hasn 't heard that yet .
tr	NNS	Her pupils had dilated as her eyes showed the flash of agony she felt .
tr	NN	The Fae warrior was back , and Andrea stood in front of him .
tr	NN	"But a guy 's got ta look his best , no matter the occasion . """
tr	NNS	Landen minds were too weak to give off a psychic scent , but hers did .
tr	NN	The Russian language uses a different alphabet all together .
tr	NNS	The effects are going to be unpredictable enough as it is .
tr	NNS	Her fears assailed her from all sides , sending a chill down her spine .
tr	NNS	"Things will be better for you if you do . """
tr	NN	A pale , bluish scar ran down his ribs , making her wonder what had happened .
tr	NNS	Fuzzy images began to flood my mind .
tr	NNS	""" Animals just adore me . """
tr	NNS	Families fight , Lil , but then they make up .
tr	NNS	Their sharp edges of the roofs looked like knives that could slice the night sky releasing all the stars from the heavens to pour out like blood .
tr	NNS	Silver drops of liquid spangled his eyelashes as he lowered his glance to hers , leaned to whisper in her ear .
tr	NN	"The American observatories will notify the White House , "" his supervisor said as he walked over to a phone ."
tr	NN	And no doubt the sexy blonde would ease whatever niggling frustration had been raised in that brief encounter .
tr	NNS	Marius hurried over to it and set Haven in the back seat after the door popped open from the inside .
tr	NN	Our honeymoon gave us something we weren 't expecting .
tr	NNS	Did the symptoms appear last night after I had left ?
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to tell her , but this wasn 't just my secret .
tr	NN	The soil here is rich , and when it embraces you , its healing properties rejuvenate you .
tr	NN	Then that familiar veil dropped over Maximus 's eyes , and my politely formal bodyguard was back .
tr	NN	Her pulse quickened beneath his fingertips .
tr	NNS	The gates opened , and Jon pulled the car around the long circular drive , parking behind what had to be his brother 's brand new Bentley .
tr	NN	The blue tie went around my neck like a noose , tight and snug , underneath the tailored black jacket .
tr	NN	One I ´ ll never forget .
tr	NN	There are a few children 's DVD 's scattered on the floor , all movies I recognise and as a child , loved .
tr	NN	What is this hunger that grows worse the more I feed it ?
tr	NNS	But the emptiness of my small room becomes too much , and I go downstairs in search of life instead .
tr	NN	The hunter sprinted straight at the kingpin 's tree and hurled a hatchet at it .
tr	NN	If the beast was going to be too strong for the man in him to control , then madness could take him then .
tr	NNS	The warriors surrounded the great stone , waiting patiently for the ritual to begin .
tr	NNS	The slats over his window stream artificial light over a small plant in a homemade pot that has long since died .
tr	NN	The chairs final y circled back around , and the other kids scrambled onto them .
tr	NNS	Eventually speeches would end , resolutions would be passed , and Canada might break apart .
tr	NNS	The twins are about ready to take a nap , so I 'll put them in the car now .
tr	NN	Another roar , this one from a lion , vibrated in the air , and the hail of bullets suddenly ceased .
tr	NN	The prophecy had come true , for it said that a man , who 'd faced demons all of his life , would kill the beast .
tr	NN	""" Your master did . """
tr	NNS	Gliding effortlessly out of the darkened perimeter into the light , three ghostly figures emerged , coasting silently in on skis .
tr	NNS	Lights went on inside .
tr	NNS	Mackie pulled Ally close , felt the dampness of her hair soak into his neck .
tr	NNS	However , the drums didn 't overwhelm the guitar which cut through dancing between the space the kick , snare and hi-hats presented .
tr	NNS	Saul 's footsteps were even softer now .
tr	NNS	Beyond the window overlooking the courtyard , creatures were scrambling for cover , but Victor merely continued to swirl his arm .
tr	NNS	Folks were probably wondering whether or not they had new neighbors .
tr	NN	The challenge wasn 't in reading it , but in making sense of what she saw with her own two eyes .
tr	NNS	The straight strands hung way down to the middle of her back and seemed to capture and reflect light with every move she made .
tr	NNS	The technicians stop laughing and get back to work .
tr	NNS	Such experiences , he held , lead first to despair and eventually to religious revelation and faith .
tr	NN	A hundred ( exactly ) yards away , the Bergamo end zone was gold and black .
tr	NN	""" Bury her , "" the intruder said ."
tr	NNS	Bugs fell hard to the polished wood floor .
tr	NNS	My captives did so and stood trembling slightly in the ever present wind .
tr	NN	What if his goal was to kill her , and he succeeded ?
tr	NN	""" Did the dusting hit you , sweetheart ? """
tr	NNS	"Looks like I take off for good at the end of this weekend . """
tr	NNS	Both boxers arrive at the ring and slide into it .
tr	NN	"Your wisdom should spill further into thy ears . """
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance and grew louder as they approached .
tr	NNS	His protective instincts wouldn 't allow him to wait passively behind .
tr	NN	The entire tribe mourned his death .
tr	NNS	Images and charts started filling the screen above my head .
tr	NN	The footman studied it curiously , then me .
tr	NN	A small pit of worry formed in the bottom of my stomach .
tr	NN	The audience broke out in another wave of laughter and applause .
tr	NNS	But were the credits and financial aid really the most important things here ?
tr	NN	""" The presidential election of 1968 ended with Nixon receiving 301 electoral votes to Humphrey 's 191 ."
tr	NNS	"Things will work out . """
tr	NNS	The traitorous thought reared up before I could stop it .
tr	NN	There was no passion in their learning .
tr	NNS	Our costumes were both historically accurate and terribly complex .
tr	NNS	The distant drums sounded a bizarre and faintly menacing cadence .
tr	NNS	But there were differences here too .
tr	NN	The receptionist barely looked up when I signed the log on the counter , using some made-up name .
tr	NNS	Had the magic users found them and come back to finish them off ?
tr	NNS	With better access and weeks between orgasms her movements quickly became urgent .
tr	NN	A name badge hung from around his neck .
tr	NNS	Words had been unnecessary .
tr	NN	"The witness will refrain from sarcasm and simply answer the questions . """
tr	NN	The kitten bounced across the room , the strange , purring growl rumbling in its chest .
tr	NNS	Kids in the neighborhood and at school used to tease him about Gizmo and his gadgets .
tr	NN	The van pulled in , plunging us into darkness .
tr	NNS	The companions finished eating and packed up their things .
tr	NN	That bald mountain was now to my right and behind me as we continued and I soon spotted the river .
tr	NN	And more importantly from Styx and his goon squad , who would no doubt have killed him on sight .
tr	NNS	The coins shot into the mists , flying toward the stone walls to either side .
tr	NNS	Looks like the Dark Knight 's big , bad plan backfired .
tr	NN	"The sand texture is hard , rough , but ya can fall on top of it , not get harmed . """
tr	NNS	The shots took Nicodemus by surprise and stole his balance .
tr	NNS	As the last of the guard disappear beneath the waves , sharpened spikes of a trident glisten in the moonlight in a final farewell .
tr	NN	"This last pot tasted like wash water . """
tr	NNS	Small areas steamed as the moisture made its way back into the air .
tr	NN	Cassie 's pulse quickened .
tr	NNS	Soft drinks did not exist .
tr	NNS	"The green globes are brambles . """
tr	NNS	Seeing the success of such an artistic endeavor taking root in the Stoops , many keen businessmen and lovers of theater invested in the neighborhood .
tr	NN	""" The lust is always there , Evangeline . """
tr	NNS	Flames hide them from curious eyes peering in from the entrance to the armory .
tr	NN	Then , as I reached for the switch to turn off the lights a glint of metal caught my eye .
tr	NNS	The uniforms crawled all over me .
tr	NN	"An underground torture chamber ? """
tr	NN	The flashlight revealed a group of at least ten infected , all rearing to attack .
tr	NN	Your incompetence borders on treason .
tr	NN	Her robe fell open .
tr	NNS	Two spots of red stained his cheeks .
tr	NN	My savior my first night in this world was in a good place and I was glad of it .
tr	NN	Her womb clenched , triggering tiny like quakes .
tr	NNS	With no job to go to and no more teaching positions to apply for , there were few activities to fill her day .
tr	NNS	Myles had brought his flashlight , but he didn 't dare use it .
tr	NNS	Their minds were spinning with whom they would side for if such a thing happened .
tr	NNS	His hand presses firmer on the small of my back .
tr	NN	"The female medic asked me , "" What is your relationship to the patient ? """
tr	NNS	Others probably opted for no doctor intervention at all .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of a struggle and no marks on her , not even a drop of blood .
tr	NN	There was a creak like a galleon beating against a gale .
tr	NN	The jukebox was playing some old ass country song as I walked in and I spotted a couple elderly folks playing slot machines against the far wall .
tr	NNS	At the echo of my voice , figures emerge from behind the trees .
tr	NNS	Curious maybe , but not hesitant .
tr	NN	"Or a dragon stored up fire in its craw . """
tr	NN	There was a harshness to his voice that frightened her .
tr	NN	There was a computer panel on the wall by the door .
tr	NNS	Tangled ferns grew almost as tall as small trees , and on the floor thousands of insects moved rotting leaves and vegetation .
tr	NNS	The emptiness it left behind ached more than the sharp , fiery pain I 'd felt when Patch walked out .
tr	NNS	' Things might be looking up for us . '
tr	NN	The ferry chugged away from the dock , and the clouds overhead erupted with a full fury .
tr	NNS	Some competitors began murmuring , but it was all she could do to keep from beaming .
tr	NNS	"From the crowd at the hedge there were shouts of ' Get out and milk it ! """
tr	NNS	There are crude figures scratched into the rock .
tr	NNS	There were loose trousers , a shirt , a hooded cloak , a veil and gloves .
tr	NN	The reflection on the window showed a grim , frightened face .
tr	NN	finally asked her classmate , giggling .
tr	NNS	In the old days hobbits used to go on their travels now and again .
tr	NNS	Mind romances are much easier .
tr	NN	Among them , the leader immediately approached Stefano concerned about his well being .
tr	NN	The red sweater taunts me .
tr	NN	the pepper pot persisted .
tr	NNS	Things had just started to heat up the way she 'd wanted .
tr	NNS	"There are no signs of business establishments , industrial areas - "" "" We are a farming community entirely ."
tr	NNS	""" Well , my associates here are some of the visitors you may have heard about on the news . """
tr	NNS	Others follow , streaming after the first few .
tr	NN	A single photograph adorned the desk , in a simple black frame .
tr	NNS	""" So my kisses don 't satisfy you anymore ?"
tr	NN	The reflection of the torches lighting the entrance danced across the floor .
tr	NN	Suddenly a torrent of words sprang from him .
tr	NNS	Perhaps they didn 't have to do anything , perhaps the creatures could kill them simply by looking at them .
tr	NNS	Dark images were racing faster and faster toward her , swerving at the last minute to avoid colliding with her body .
tr	NNS	More blades drove toward Susan , but she ducked to one side , one hand ripping open the door to one of the washing machines .
tr	NNS	The travelers were riding through the gates of the bailey as she stepped out into the light .
tr	NNS	Lights winked on computer screens .
tr	NN	his accent was thick and crisp and every bit of irritation and frustration was evident in it .
tr	NN	""" A responsible adult , you mean ."
tr	NN	' My vanity has made a cosmetic surgeon very happy . '
tr	NN	The warrior was staring at him with a hard glint in his green eyes .
tr	NN	The built-in shelf bra of her tank top puffed out with water .
tr	NNS	Charitable activities can be an outlet , in some cases even a calling , so i contact civic organizations and volunteer .
tr	NN	My uncle lived in a small village near the coast .
tr	NN	There is a greater goal in mind .
tr	NNS	Brown rats were chewing something in the bushes .
tr	NNS	Chills ran over her body .
tr	NNS	His organizational skills were a perfect complement to Marty 's personal charisma and charm .
tr	NN	The map would give them directions to a cave .
tr	NNS	The Antarctic winds are fierce .
tr	NNS	"In it was my father 's card and necklace , items my grandmother sometimes muttered about in her sleep . """
tr	NN	The doll pointed at Pigeon 's backpack , saluted , fell flat , and wormed under the door .
tr	NNS	There were four more bars of organic soap , but they weren 't all purple .
tr	NN	""" A convent lies just north of the castle ."
tr	NN	Her uncle had usually insisted on her having a chauffeur when she was growing up .
tr	NNS	Black spots began swimming in front of me and I was pretty sure he was going to crush my windpipe .
tr	NNS	Her companions seemed confident .
tr	NN	Arun the helper walked up to the Lama and whispered in his ear .
tr	NN	The scar seemed to flow at times like viscous tar .
tr	NNS	""" If we leave from here , the Jets will easily beat us to the ship ."
tr	NNS	The scales went across her back as well ; all the scales sparkled with colors of the rainbow .
tr	NN	Then , a tiny spark within me glimmered just a bit .
tr	NNS	""" There are apartments upstairs ? """
tr	NNS	Soft footsteps came onto the balcony , and a moment later Ash slipped his arms around me from behind .
tr	NNS	Would wonders never cease ?
tr	NN	Like a sketch of her , a Maeve replica , smudged around the edges and incomplete .
tr	NN	To his left was the mountain , and to his right , the river , rushing a hundred feet below .
tr	NN	""" Southern football , my ass , "" he mumbled before he turned into a wolf and dashed into the woods after whatever was approaching ."
tr	NN	""" Lauren 's book tour for Prey starts tonight ."
tr	NN	A gag escaped her as Devon grasped hold of its head , twisting it with enough force to rip it off .
tr	NNS	Things seemed to be getting more intense with Gray .
tr	NNS	The sirens had stopped , which indicated that they 'd already parked .
tr	NN	Somehow Dua 's madness had spoiled it .
tr	NN	The blond captain remained standing , silent .
tr	NNS	Those night locks were a huge problem .
tr	NNS	His short , rapid bursts of breaths matched her own .
tr	NN	""" ' Ow come ' ow come you ain 't ashamed of what you done ? """
tr	NN	Its melody caused ripples in the still pool , which swirled around them gently , gurgling in answer to the Fae 's power .
tr	NN	""" To the fine art of saving asses . """
tr	NN	The merest flutter of awareness took her by surprise .
tr	NNS	But there were still five dwarves hanging at the end of the branch when the spiders began to come back , more full of rage than ever .
tr	NN	A clearing kept the meadow safe and camp chairs had started appearing along with drums .
tr	NNS	The areas around the pool are heavily wooded and almost impossible to drive through .
tr	NNS	And there were usually visible signs .
tr	NN	Shooting for this one goal , to move beyond the store , take that next big step that I 've been living for nothing but this .
tr	NNS	No worries about who would see us , recognize us .
tr	NN	The damage was right in front of us now .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped with his weight , and as annoyed as Andrea was at him , she realized she 'd come to like the sensation .
tr	NN	The priest looked about helplessly , then turned and quickly left the hall with his cultists close behind him .
tr	NN	There was a large glass tank sitting inside the window , and a small animal lying on its back in the sun .
tr	NN	Under the light , leaning on the table , the bot looked like an inquisitor , features shadowed , eyes burning bright .
tr	NN	"No offense , but you 're practically my brother . """
tr	NN	The trick with the flame caught Daniel by surprise -- and frustrated him .
tr	NNS	There were so many designs .
tr	NNS	But the tunnels crisscrossing under Delphic Amusement Park , echoing with rustling , whispered sounds , made him rethink .
tr	NNS	The business suits continued to stare at me .
tr	NN	The jaguar snarled and leapt at one of the smaller ones in the lower branches .
tr	NN	In their absence , Ballard 's exploration of Echo 's body becomes more pointed .
tr	NNS	"Things just happen ! """
tr	NN	The blazing inferno from earlier was gone , replaced by an equally fierce tenderness .
tr	NN	"Perhaps ' t was something she ate . """
tr	NNS	Flames danced over her skin , a million wings fluttered inside her stomach , her womb clenched and muscles tightened .
tr	NNS	"Another few degrees and an install two inches lower and it 'd take care of the lurching . """
tr	NNS	A heavy door slams shut with a clanking sound and the impenetrable silence returns .
tr	NNS	The two very powerful and very murderous Werewolves went immediately quiet .
tr	NNS	The dampness would taste of pure her .
tr	NN	""" What 's the priest want to know ? """
tr	NNS	The nurses kept their distance from Rose .
tr	NNS	The paintings were the only snapshots in time .
tr	NN	There 's a creak and a crack of light filters into the tunnel .
tr	NN	' Drunken little weasel ' was probably the kindest thing I heard said of him .
tr	NN	She held the cup with both hands , the tremor made circles in the dark liquid .
tr	NN	""" Wrong medication , it has certain side-effects , namely hallucinations . """
tr	NNS	His carefully worded statements made me uneasy .
tr	NN	""" You are also Other , "" the elf said with a sneer ."
tr	NNS	Her mind swept her into the darkest part of her past , dredged up all the worst childhood images .
tr	NN	And the kil er was nowhere to be found .
tr	NN	So the colonel is generous in times of need .
tr	NN	From there , the squad proceeded up the street , into the unknown .
tr	NN	The captain stepped aside and gestured to the front door .
tr	NN	Again , the inspector nodded .
tr	NN	"But I ' l feel better if you 're far away from here . """
tr	NN	""" So is your attitude , but you don 't see me complaining , "" the older gentleman said ."
tr	NNS	Others streamed in through the windows .
tr	NN	My body 's instinct was to change , but it was too risky .
tr	NN	The young elf slid the spellbook to the side , revealing his true project .
tr	NNS	Others desecrated his temple with their horrible acts against each other .
tr	NNS	The floors were no longer the shiny light wood they usually were , but a deep and glossy black .
tr	NNS	Their practices attracted gawkers sometimes , but they never ventured close .
tr	NN	And as goblins excel in emulation , their design almost seemed to work and the boy once again became a spectacle .
tr	NN	' Of course there 's no lounge in the lobby .
tr	NN	Clicking on the banner took her to a web page showing a diagram of the calendar and the video cameras placed around it .
tr	NNS	Sparse streetlights bathed us in dim orange , and we walked through their light pools quietly , listening to the lights hum as we passed .
tr	NNS	Things were all starting to come together now .
tr	NNS	The seats were leather and dark gray and springy .
tr	NN	And on top , witness identification -- even though it was from a hundred yards away at night . '
tr	NNS	Aris raised bemused eyes , searching out the instigator of all the reactions .
tr	NN	His sister Cora is with him .
tr	NNS	Questions started to pour in from different creatures as they began to over talk each other .
tr	NN	""" Your birthday in particular , "" he 'd always say to me ."
tr	NNS	The other grapes looked the same , so I assumed they were precious opal too .
tr	NN	Then the robbery itself seemed odd .
tr	NNS	A few cavalry shots whistled past him , one bullet tugging at his shirt sleeve .
tr	NNS	The speeches for the potential President went on for fifteen minutes .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as he caught a scent he remembered too well .
tr	NNS	The black creatures had returned and his fate was sealed .
tr	NN	""" I can 't believe it , "" responded the pilot in shock ."
tr	NNS	Two chains emerged from thin air on the trident , sealing its power to control time .
tr	NN	Hank , no longer in doubt as to the prowess of his amazing companion , recognized immediately exactly what he was about .
tr	NNS	All the characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	The night watchman who 'd been so kind to her on the night she 'd been robbed , back when her life ended and purgatory started .
tr	NNS	She recognized the hunger in his eyes , felt her body 's primal instinct to flee from danger .
tr	NN	The trio fanned out from there .
tr	NN	Despair settled in as Nate put the gun back to Ethan 's temple .
tr	NNS	Images of priests chanting over him : memories of an awesome pain rising within , the pain of his bones reshaping .
tr	NN	' I 'm guessing these were cheap , ' Love said , gazing at the other shoe through the plastic .
tr	NNS	The styles varied here and there but the outfit was always a modest black dress .
tr	NN	the leader joked unconvinced .
tr	NNS	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
tr	NNS	The swarms turned sharply , then split up , cutting off the rabbit 's escape to the left and right .
tr	NN	""" Where is your master anyway ? """
tr	NNS	His mothers was a German and had died on giving his birth .
tr	NN	Aye , their lack of kindness made speaking to the strange knight from parts unknown easy , but a dangerous chance to take .
tr	NN	"The exercise would probably be good for them , wouldn 't you say ? """
tr	NN	Sure enough , there was a heavy layer of snow already on the ground .
tr	NN	I didn 't get a chance to respond before Rachel stepped forward , a horrified look on her face .
tr	NN	No dragon can resist the fascination of riddling talk and of wasting time trying to understand it .
tr	NNS	The colors were dark and rich .
tr	NN	The maid brought in the tea , and she poured for him .
tr	NN	The tradition mating ritual will be next sun when I 'm eighteen .
tr	NNS	""" Where are our drinks ? """
tr	NN	An intersection loomed ahead , and he leaped the remaining distance just as gunfire blasted from behind .
tr	NNS	The dimness seemed comforting for some reason , almost as if it restored in some measure his anonymity .
tr	NN	An owl hoots somewhere outside my window , and my room is full of drifting dark shapes .
tr	NN	""" Release my friends at once , "" Auron said , voice hoarse and his eyes glowed white ."
tr	NN	There is nothing indulgent about the Moral Law .
tr	NNS	The technicians had started their search for fingerprints and any fibers that would testify as to who was here .
tr	NN	The loud metallic crash was very satisfying .
tr	NN	The Daimon leader turned around , and walked slowly through the portal .
tr	NN	""" Morning is coming . """
tr	NN	""" Ah , trading up are you ? """
tr	NNS	Heavy drapes , closed tightly over the windows , made the cabin itself seem dark and empty .
tr	NNS	Nearly as many variations as anyone could possibly think of , but which one was it ?
tr	NNS	The images rushed toward her in the split second she realized she was about to die .
tr	NNS	My big ideas for expensive renovations may have been unrealistic , but there have been plenty of small things to keep the impact low .
tr	NNS	There were differences between us that I couldn 't begin to categorise .
tr	NNS	Sadness returned to her eyes .
tr	NN	His prey wouldn 't go anywhere .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to run after him , but I stopped myself .
tr	NNS	Flames roared from a large volcano .
tr	NNS	There were long , thin metal rods to hold it up .
tr	NN	The doors slide open .
tr	NNS	""" All myths find their foundations in history ."
tr	NN	My attire doesn 't change or make who I am .
tr	NN	The hermit laid the decree on the table and sat back , laying down his arms and fastening his grip on the rests .
tr	NNS	Alexis laid down on the cot as Walter locked the cell .
tr	NNS	The twins never lock their doors .
tr	NN	A roar of approval swept through the crowd .
tr	NNS	Rags swayed from craggy old branches on the one prominent tree in the yard .
tr	NNS	His hits were so powerful that she hit the ground .
tr	NNS	Others had better self-preservation instincts .
tr	NN	Terror had me stumbling to my feet , but my knees wouldn 't hold and I fell to the damp ground with a sob .
tr	NN	Ever and again the lightning tore aside the darkness .
tr	NN	""" There 's no proof . """
tr	NN	The robe fell open below that , revealing a glimpse of thigh .
tr	NN	The courtroom was still .
tr	NN	Our inability to understand numbers was a great conversation starter and our friendship kind of grew from there .
tr	NN	A rumbling of laughter caught my attention from the tree line .
tr	NNS	"Lives in this ancient house outside of Escondido and hardly ever leaves . """
tr	NNS	Two screens showed views inside the grounds , including one of the in-ground pool , with its submerged blue light shining eerily up into the night .
tr	NN	A click of an armed weapon sounded from the portal and then another one behind Rock .
tr	NN	Then , when I met her glare , another hysterical giggle spewed forth and I was lost .
tr	NNS	The shouts of battle still coursed through the air toward them from the village .
tr	NN	The healer had noted swelling of her head and had worried her fever was such that it had caused damage to her mind .
tr	NN	Its human outline grew as it hurtled towards me .
tr	NNS	Selling everything from chocolate bars to microwaves , four floors of consumer delight were crammed with items and adverts convincing you joy was merely a purchase away .
tr	NNS	The cookies and Kool-Aid that they served at Bible School were actually pretty good .
tr	NNS	Moments later , video images from dozens of security cameras appeared in separate frames on the screen .
tr	NNS	The long chains also had razor-sharp points at the tips , as many as six at one end , which could do a tremendous amount of damage .
tr	NN	Inside the chalice , lightning and black mist performed a slow , swirling dance .
tr	NN	"The terrorism squad is packing up at Navarre House . """
tr	NN	""" Yeah , there 's a studio off South Street ."
tr	NN	Their stamina was amazing .
tr	NNS	The twins ' expressions are more animated and they seem to enjoy the walks in the woods , reaching for all the blossoming colors .
tr	NN	Even his accent was sexy .
tr	NNS	Some kisses were more innocent than others .
tr	NN	Each defense attorney declined to give an opening statement .
tr	NN	Legionnaires streamed into the room , swords drawn , some bearing bows .
tr	NNS	With that , he led her over to the glider , showed her the basics , then they walked to the edge of the cliff .
tr	NNS	The nightly possibilities I 'm going to have with this one are staggering .
tr	NN	"This bitch is one of the Ord - "" "" I know who she is , "" snapped the woman ."
tr	NN	And there , right where I remembered it , was a sparkling waterfall .
tr	NNS	All his belongings piled in boxes in the hall ; the bedroom floor littered with torn autographed posters from the Raccoons .
tr	NNS	Her porcelain caps shone brilliantly .
tr	NN	The oil black bay showed signs of obvious care , he was young too , and undefeated , you could tell .
tr	NNS	"Looks like he was in some kind of trouble once , but it was several years ago back in Florida . """
tr	NNS	These creatures are different from the ones on the ground .
tr	NN	The mayor , enraged to hear this , ordered that the barber be put in jail for one year .
tr	NNS	By this point , the other travelers were long-gone .
tr	NNS	The colors were a little dark for summer , but overall she did feel quite festive .
tr	NN	At some point the overeager dragon pulled his leather leggings down to his knees .
tr	NNS	Before the other shoe drops and my world crashes down .
tr	NNS	Girls had to walk in groups of three or more .
tr	NN	Each spark glowed brightly as it flew away , until it burned out and vanished .
tr	NN	He didn , t tell her that Celeste had said the same thing .
tr	NNS	But facts were facts , and the numbers were screaming X all the way .
tr	NN	No matter what was planned , the mountain would probably crush them first .
tr	NN	Every plant and flower previously untouched now shriveled .
tr	NN	Again the lightning flung its hands across the windows .
tr	NNS	On shelves , unidentifiable or unmentionable objects and creatures and parts of creatures floated in glass bottles filled with cloudy liquid .
tr	NN	hey started talking in the line up for the free meal , then sat down together .
tr	NN	I did , Tristan 's deep growl rippled through my mind .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a single pot on the stove or a used dish on the counter .
tr	NNS	the new countess told her bitterly .
tr	NNS	The emptiness inside her seems overwhelming .
tr	NN	His lack of discomfort disappointed her a little .
tr	NNS	The three gunmen raised their rifles .
tr	NNS	But the mysteries of Sarah 's past were the least of her fears now .
tr	NN	Even the pavement reinforced that feeling , with crushed shells imbedded in the surface instead of gravel .
tr	NN	Her grandmother was a matchmaker , but at least she was subtle about it .
tr	NNS	They were led to sit at the VIP area , which is also under a canvas tent , the seats were plastic covered with linen .
tr	NNS	The ship 's passengers are mostly Canadian soldiers , but from all over the country .
tr	NNS	The servants took away his soup .
tr	NNS	""" No worries , I know you could 've taken ' him . """
tr	NNS	Maybe the guardians are dragons . '
tr	NN	A guardian drove us out to the site , which was outside of the city proper .
tr	NN	Yet , time moved so very slowly , an agonizing eternity as people drew closer to me from above and below .
tr	NN	"The light "" shhh "" whispering from her mouth like only a mom can do ."
tr	NNS	Tree frogs called to one another , hundreds of different sounds as various species vied for space on the airwaves .
tr	NNS	Nerves usually worked as an excellent appetite suppressant for me .
tr	NNS	"Makes our captives feel like they somehow time traveled to the Dark Ages . """
tr	NNS	Demetrius followed a couple steps behind her .
tr	NN	And who was the second tenant ?
tr	NN	And that damn spider living in his skull , too .
tr	NN	Just then the deputy entered the living room and explained he was done and was leaving .
tr	NNS	The burns were deep and vicious .
tr	NNS	Fucking antibiotics saved him .
tr	NNS	His library banks contained full data on sexuality .
tr	NNS	""" Do not stare at me in that rude , disrespectful fashion , "" the duchess snapped when she caught Alexandra 's expression ."
tr	NN	Behind that laid a pair of goggles , mandatory equipment for investigating the occasional chemical spills .
tr	NN	"What was that trick you pulled on me ? """
tr	NNS	Words can 't even describe it .
tr	NN	On the ground , next the van was mass of clothing .
tr	NNS	"The roads are not so safe as they once were . """
tr	NNS	My fears of having been gone for years faded back into the realm of nightmare .
tr	NNS	They were small , but quite luxurious , four seats faced one another in the cabin , with the driver and a spare in the front .
tr	NNS	Bugs checked a recessed area directly behind the dais .
tr	NNS	Marius grinned when she sat in his lap .
tr	NNS	The edges of her mouth lifted up .
tr	NN	His cursor hovered anxiously over the sender , a decisive click and the email opened .
tr	NNS	Alexis enjoyed a happy love affair and marriage to a high ranking soldier in the military .
tr	NNS	""" Things have happened to us , to both of us , horrible things that changed us ."
tr	NNS	My siblings and I were to be provided with the best education and resources when we were small .
tr	NN	Gone was the usual pink tinge from her hair , replaced by an even shade of deep chestnut .
tr	NNS	The fireworks had started .
tr	NNS	The meetings were becoming routine .
tr	NN	""" Oh no , "" said the chaplain ."
tr	NN	""" Yeah , but that 's the trick isn 't it ?"
tr	NN	""" Turn left at the next corner , "" said Larry as he started the siren ."
tr	NNS	Chills erupted on her body as all of the wolves began howling into the night sky .
tr	NNS	No bodily fluids suggested to me that I must be dead .
tr	NNS	The rolls were steaming hot , with jam oozing out in several places on the tray .
tr	NNS	Whatever it was , my best attempts to swallow it were foiled first by my suspicion and then by my gag reflex .
tr	NNS	"Things slowed down dramatically after the first two years . """
tr	NN	The colonel shook his head and cursed .
tr	NN	""" Happy birthday sunshine !"
tr	NN	""" How was your little chat with Trent ? """
tr	NN	"My debt was high , I don 't deny it , but I was quite able to pay it . """
tr	NN	The werewolf met the undead in midair , the two slamming together , the wolf driving the vampire backward with the force of her forward momentum .
tr	NNS	""" Wren , listen close , 'cause , buddy , your chances are running slim ."
tr	NN	A priest was waiting for us inside the doors .
tr	NNS	of a rifle being fired and the wood exploded on the post not two inches from Kell 's head .
tr	NNS	Now , to Hawk 's thinking these actions were too little too late .
tr	NN	There 's no sharing of each other .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to continue with what she and Jon had planned ; it seemed silly to give up .
tr	NN	There was purity and honesty in her voice .
tr	NNS	""" Names aren 't exactly the important bit in places like this . """
tr	NNS	His thrusts grew bolder , more fervent , his chest rising and falling with his harsh breathing .
tr	NNS	"In times like these , "" he amended his magnum opus fiercely as he opened fire , "" even poets must draw the sword ! """
tr	NN	What proof have I that they are not ?
tr	NNS	On the left side of the road , coyotes appeared in the Impala 's headlights , gaunt , running loosely in packs , eyes red and glaring .
tr	NNS	Walter 's motives when we took her in were noble enough , but he hadn 't figured on the effect she 'd have . '
tr	NNS	Shouts erupted , and the air filled with fear .
tr	NNS	"All the leads are up there . """
tr	NNS	""" The courts do not know what is happening , nor would they care ."
tr	NNS	The Officials lay on the floor motionless before long , and the technology Guardians erect a structure that covers the entrance we came through .
tr	NN	However , there is one little snag that might put a spanner in the works .
tr	NN	My quota was still fifty , and I was certain I had at least ten pounds in my sack .
tr	NN	The priest drew her attention with his thin voice .
tr	NN	Storm adds and I nod in agreement .
tr	NNS	Not that the other campers didn 't accept her .
tr	NN	A tinge of colour suddenly suffused her pale face and as she held the door open for Amelia , her eyes gleamed with excitement .
tr	NN	As was often the case in the intelligence world , the more one knew , the more frightening a scenario became .
tr	NNS	' His quarters are upstairs over the kitchen and dining-room .
tr	NN	The twinkle in her eyes told him she had seen Dan Jansen 's reactions too .
tr	NNS	""" Families expand , so if you don 't increase the size of the pie , the pieces will get smaller with each generation . """
tr	NN	"But just in case , there 's emergency equipment inside that 'll cut through the walls . """
tr	NNS	"But you know , there are always consequences to every action . """
tr	NNS	The gunmen behind the center car turned on her .
tr	NN	Reality is likely to be more biologically based than physically based .
tr	NN	The novice went towards the stairs .
tr	NNS	The concepts formed a vague semi circle around Fate , only Irony grumbled about it .
tr	NNS	Folks just wanted to chalk it up to late night drinkin ' and drivin ' .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were much like his own , though he had no tears for them .
tr	NN	Her tail was different from Sara 's -- blue , not flesh colored .
tr	NN	Then the video cut out , and the room went dark again .
tr	NN	Our little shrub did all that ?
tr	NNS	Several couples were already skating on the pond , and Katherine didn 't want to wait to join in the fun .
tr	NNS	Four black SUVs raced up the drive , swerving around the buses .
tr	NN	No pinch will pull me out of this reality .
tr	NNS	chants echoed around us , roaring as loudly as the blood in my ears .
tr	NNS	A few scraps of memory and words that I had chosen made it believable .
tr	NN	"The government 's hiding it from us . """
tr	NN	The priest squinted hard at the door and sniffed the air , his nose twitching as if in imitation of Hai Hai 's .
tr	NNS	My fears from yesterday , about being the object of discussion around the water cooler , seem all too real .
tr	NNS	And there were bars .
tr	NN	""" We don 't know "" said his uncle ."
tr	NN	The first goon put away the gun , bent over , and grabbed the outstretched hand of his fellow thug .
tr	NNS	"So no more apologies ok ? """
tr	NN	After a little while , the male student , who sat with his back to the window , turned around enough for Jayden to see his face .
tr	NNS	The shots that had been fired did not appear to have aroused anyone 's curiosity .
tr	NN	Perhaps her lack of reaction to Tomas was merely because she 'd thought of him as Beth 's .
tr	NN	The Hermes captain is still in a closet near the bridge .
tr	NN	But my original design remains essentially unaltered .
tr	NN	The roller coaster his presence sent my emotions on was overwhelming .
tr	NN	Once he was finished , the footman put the salt cellar back in the middle of the table and then returned to his post beside the wall .
tr	NN	Storm 's a shaman who can track supernatural activity and tell if someone is lying or not .
tr	NNS	"When nobody comes to pay for the funeral services , the authorities will take the house in forfeit and have the body burned with other debtors . """
tr	NN	""" That 's no excuse , "" the senator replied ."
tr	NN	Ronan 's intervention let Jace save face , and Broderick didn 't get his ass handed to him .
tr	NNS	""" Yeah , well , most shrinks aren 't looking for a little payback because you caught 'em messing around with an underage girl . """
tr	NN	There was also the added difficulty of searching through a facility that was never asleep .
tr	NN	A layer of dirty ash covered every surface .
tr	NNS	Others fled in various directions , grabbing what they could .
tr	NNS	""" Things are really taking off . """
tr	NNS	Aris held the pack this time , and Thomas felt as if he were almost floating along the ground , it felt so good .
tr	NN	The young Prince started to leave .
tr	NNS	Others seemed more reserved and exchanged uneasy glances .
tr	NNS	But when Delilah reached the bottom of the mountain , her fears reared its ugly head again .
tr	NN	Sliding off the bench , Jack knelt with her and took her into his arms , his true passion renewed .
tr	NN	A particularly vicious scar ran down the left side of his face and crossed his left eye .
tr	NNS	Big drops fell everywhere - including on the burnt corpse .
tr	NNS	Their movements faintly indicated the contours of the waves and introduced some hint of perspective into the night .
tr	NNS	""" And what were your conclusions ? """
tr	NN	That seed of hatred unfolded , sprouted .
tr	NNS	Neon signs in different colors and designs proclaimed their names .
tr	NNS	"The villagers are in no danger . """
tr	NNS	Sirens , sour and discordant , drowned out their cries .
tr	NNS	Hands wrap around my arms and shoulders and chest , forming a cage of flesh and bone , but I keep straining toward her .
tr	NNS	For one thing , the classes were ridiculously simple .
tr	NN	There was a click as the line went silent .
tr	NN	The iron brace , though perfectly located , was not comfortable .
tr	NNS	Long tentacles stretched across the room .
tr	NNS	Most Lights in attendance preferred the new queen did , too , because the decorations reflected the Light being crowned .
tr	NN	Warm liquid ran down her fingers , pooling in her knuckles .
tr	NN	The Abu Dhabi stock exchange was in upheaval because of a beautiful woman filmed naked .
tr	NNS	There 's a bazillion servants on there with him .
tr	NNS	Rufus demanded gruffly , his grey , bushy eyebrows drawing together in anger at the arrogance of his uninvited guest .
tr	NNS	Screams filled the kitchen ; he could barely lift his head against the stunning tumult .
tr	NN	It was rather frightening , this slow careful exploration of a man she was undeniably attracted to .
tr	NN	A loud rap at the front door brought me out of my reverie .
tr	NN	"The rich bitch doesn 't want me touching her car . """
tr	NNS	The commands activated determine the property of the software .
tr	NN	My only other option was to stay put and make an either very brave , or very stupid , attempt to stop the robbery .
tr	NN	No , this strong , proud warrior could not be crying .
tr	NNS	Besides , most bars allowed eighteen year olds in .
tr	NNS	"Looks like you 're about to faint . """
tr	NN	There was a riding crop , dog collar , and leather chaps scattered on the bed .
tr	NN	There was barely an inch separating us , and I had trouble focusing my thoughts .
tr	NNS	Her red satin strands of hair elegantly dangled down , almost reaching the floor .
tr	NN	Why would his silent business partner call him out of the blue and want him to personally test the fake letter ?
tr	NNS	Your visitors include children , so travelling with the boys will give me more opportunity to build detail into the report .
tr	NNS	The murders of those men , women and children had shaped all four men forever afterward .
tr	NN	The veranda seemed a good place for them ; they 'd get plenty of sunlight , yet be protected by the house .
tr	NNS	The calculations , I have taken them as far as I can go , but the rest will have to be figured by those more proficient .
tr	NNS	""" My clients can wait here if I 'm with someone ."
tr	NN	The concierge looked sharply at him and handed over a key .
tr	NN	""" A retired policeman , all alone among the people he used to watch , means there 's a sense of boredom ."
tr	NN	The gold coin appeared out of thin air .
tr	NN	His accent changed from an American one to one that was slightly British .
tr	NN	His secretary answered the phone on the first ring .
tr	NNS	The doctor 's smugness faded .
tr	NNS	House members took interest in other House members .
tr	NNS	""" Where are your sneakers ?"
tr	NN	His partner in crime looked sideways at the guy with the fresh syringe in hand .
tr	NN	""" Only the sacrifice is the person I love this time . """
tr	NNS	The gears groaned and chains rattled as we rose above the street-level with little jerks .
tr	NNS	Rotting boards crisscrossed the lower windows .
tr	NNS	"We are sitting together , inches apart , and will always be able to remember what we 've shared the last few days . """
tr	NNS	Small bursts of pain fire off in my head .
tr	NNS	The edges were gold while the center was a deep radiating blue that reminded her of the ocean .
tr	NNS	Parts of the simulator were shutting down , and some of the controls were not responding .
tr	NN	""" There 's no spark with Tim , and I can 't keep pretending there is . """
tr	NNS	""" But the creatures you showed me in the lab look so different from the common life forms on Lovelady ."
tr	NNS	Drugs send me to a halfway place , where it 's warm and hazy , streams of light that likely come from his equipment .
tr	NNS	Five levels of private boxes look down on the audience , the orchestra , and the expansive stage .
tr	NN	Regardless , the Street Masters were public enemy number one as far as the City of Winnipeg 's police force was concerned .
tr	NNS	There were old movie posters on the walls .
tr	NNS	His actions seemed to make Tutu and Mari giddy with excitement .
tr	NN	To her right , the young deputy was looking as if he 'd seen a few better days .
tr	NN	A proper domination took time , something the visit from the Council told him he didn 't have .
tr	NN	""" Friar Benedict , "" her father loudly proclaimed as he stood at the doors ."
tr	NNS	The raindrops felt like tears , as if he was consoling her , and he relished in that feeling .
tr	NN	So the queue progressed fairly quickly .
tr	NNS	Her movements ceased , and it was the closest he 'd ever come to whimpering like a little girl .
tr	NN	Thinking about the destruction her grandmother had wreaked around town made Lauren 's heart hurt .
tr	NNS	""" My facts are correct ."
tr	NN	""" Our uncle took over our care ."
tr	NN	His own release pulsed as she quivered around him .
tr	NNS	""" These planets positively brim with life in every pore of their existence ."
tr	NNS	""" There aren 't any restaurants in town open either . """
tr	NNS	Rebecca took a deep breath and walked across to her bed , the mattress sagging as she flopped down onto it .
tr	NNS	The surroundings were familiar - this was the records room at the top of the north tower .
tr	NNS	Things just got out of hand , that 's all .
tr	NN	The hard glint of a predator in his eyes , however , did freak her out .
tr	NNS	The last two monitors held very different views .
tr	NNS	Things were getting really complicated .
tr	NN	Maybe his stupid snake ate him .
tr	NNS	""" What do the latest tests reveal ? """
tr	NNS	And the villagers would keep watch with us .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of seeing her grandfather -- and the human defender -- also raised her spirits .
tr	NNS	Also , all the car batteries will only last a week or two in this cold winter weather before they need electricity to power them back up .
tr	NNS	His nostrils were flat holes in the center of his face , each one leaking mucus onto his lips .
tr	NNS	Typically , eating rats indicates a severe shortage of available food , but yesterday , I couldn 't even find any of them .
tr	NN	The approaching freighter was himself and he was diving through the sky alight with amber .
tr	NNS	Hands pushed at him , and he realized these were the bishops , nudging him to perform his next act .
tr	NN	North of Mail Bay , where they saw several sea lions sunning on the rocks , the shoreline became shallow and a long sandy beach greeted them .
tr	NNS	Though the teenager no longer sported purple in her hair , her favorite colors hadn 't changed .
tr	NN	A single low bark echoed to them .
tr	NNS	The windshield wipers sloshed back and forth , only just clearing the water now gushing down the windshield .
tr	NNS	Their deaths opened up a passage to the light outside .
tr	NNS	The images wouldn 't stop .
tr	NNS	Nowhere near as many produce stalls , which was hardly surprising , still plenty of people though , braving the cold and manning stalls of all types .
tr	NN	The winch shrieked and groaned , wood against rope against metal .
tr	NN	The rhythmic growl of his snores faded away as she lost herself in the text .
tr	NN	Hopefully the tuxedo would help out with that .
tr	NN	However the majority of humans , when in the presence of another of their species , feel the urge to speak almost constantly .
tr	NNS	Waves and waves of powerful force bounced inside her like the first time she had met him , but this time a pulling sensation accompanied it .
tr	NNS	' Little bits at a time , sweetheart , ' she said , bending down to show him .
tr	NN	Suddenly a policeman in a bullet-proof vest came charging out of the bushes pointing a gun at me .
tr	NN	The first stirring of hope hit her , and she straightened .
tr	NN	The cart came to a halt .
tr	NNS	Yet images press their way into my head , like shrapnel .
tr	NNS	All four jewels must never be in the same place at once .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , other Sentinels appeared firing laser pulses at Hannah .
tr	NN	My master caused Miriam to manifest in the real world by giving her his energy .
tr	NNS	Those clutches can be underground a long time before they hatch .
tr	NNS	""" All her worries are well and truly over ."
tr	NN	' We 're online , ' said a Bastian tech .
tr	NN	His twisted spine made it a shallow bow , but it was as graceful as any I 'd been given .
tr	NNS	The startled villagers stood a little way off , eyeing each other uncertainly at the scene of the crash .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced across her vision .
tr	NN	By 3 p.m. , Sam 's weariness had defeated his will , and he succumbed to sleep .
tr	NNS	"Because they realize the truth of the chart only when the planets have prepared them . """
tr	NNS	There were little dents all over the plastic , focusing the overhead lights on her face like round bright pustules .
tr	NNS	Even the qualities that she 'd put forward as her shortcomings , her hang-ups , had charmed him , secured his unquestioning empathy .
tr	NN	A lamp came on beside him .
tr	NN	He stared down at me , eyes a mosaic of every blue possible .
tr	NNS	My biggest fears were that I 'd told her my secret .
tr	NNS	If he lost sight of the slavers , what were the chances of ever finding them again ?
tr	NNS	""" Things have changed so much in one week ."
tr	NNS	Things happened very fast after that .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in her stomach danced to the rhythm of her erratic heartbeat .
tr	NN	The mumbling of voices outside grew to mere whispers when the sound of a flute filled the night .
tr	NNS	She looked down and watched as the purplish mist like before hung below the gap under the door , her eyelids felt heavy .
tr	NN	A warrior met his gaze .
tr	NN	To put it simply , teaching sucks .
tr	NN	His pulse beat under her fingertips , its pace matching her own .
tr	NN	His twin glanced at Beth .
tr	NNS	Its guardians are a tribe of crimson red hair islanders .
tr	NNS	The rods were steady most of the time but swung inwards suddenly .
tr	NN	His aura had settled into a pretty shade of blue .
tr	NN	My secretary timidly opens the door , fear written across her face .
tr	NNS	Cat ladies didn 't have to deal with dilemmas like this .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered open in shock .
tr	NNS	""" My ancestors used this as part of the Underground Railroad . """
tr	NN	""" Let me get a picture of everyone , "" her grandmother said , her voice slightly strained ."
tr	NN	But quitting was no option .
tr	NNS	Copper and silver coins speckled the bottom , reflecting the light of the water in pretty arcs and shimmers .
tr	NN	But though he made contact - he thought he made contact - the Master seemed to slide away as though transporting .
tr	NNS	Others circled the two lanterns , crashing against the glass coverings of the small flames .
tr	NN	Not only athletic ability , but also star power , no pun intended .
tr	NN	The demand flustered her .
tr	NNS	All the wicked possibilities ran through my mind .
tr	NNS	There were coyotes in the woods , and wolves .
tr	NN	The Empire constructed new housing , government buildings , schools , highways , and dams .
tr	NNS	Images from the night before flashed through her mind .
tr	NNS	Others noisily joined him , and the approval quickly swelled to a wholehearted level that surprised Rachel .
tr	NN	Yes , the bastard had .
tr	NNS	There was a makeshift gallows nearby , and from it another Ottoman hung from his wrists , with his arms bent behind him .
tr	NNS	Things started out great for us .
tr	NNS	""" The zombies are either getting smarter or they 're just plain getting lucky ."
tr	NN	"Some hot chick just left it empty and we snagged it before someone else could . """
tr	NNS	Things with me seem to be good - I 'm definitely making progress on becoming a true California girl .
tr	NN	He popped the tab on one , and offered the other to me as he sipped , one hip cocked against the cabinets .
tr	NN	Her ploy worked at lunch , but she was probably worried I 'd figure it out , hence this call .
tr	NNS	The cellar wasn 't like a dungeon with dripping water , barred gates and thick , stone walls .
tr	NN	""" Her f lowers are exceptional . """
tr	NN	To his left , a lazy feline laid peacefully , its tail floating to and fro as the visitor entered .
tr	NN	""" Who 's the mayor ? """
tr	NN	My adrenaline always seemed to kick in full blast after being faced with stressful situations .
tr	NNS	The media has similar fate ; either struggling for survival or indulging in insurance of abundance .
tr	NNS	Naturally , the twins would be extremely disappointed if he didn 't visit .
tr	NN	One map shows South China Sea that encompasses the South China provinces and the Palawan Island of the Philippines .
tr	NN	The honeyed amber liquefied , her expression so soft and unsure .
tr	NN	The rope sank down for what seemed to be around twenty feet before snagging onto the bottom .
tr	NNS	The shudders opened , letting in the smells and sounds of the night .
tr	NN	The Russian gentleman might have a similar bowl , or know someone who had .
tr	NNS	More tapping followed mine .
tr	NN	The captain led her through a set of glass doors , and he pointed up as they entered into a garden .
tr	NNS	My boobs are practically bursting out of my tiny singlet , but he doesn 't even give them a cursory glance .
tr	NNS	Our mothers had not been the least bit amused with our tales of roach stomping .
tr	NN	"The vast majority of the Elders have gathered at The Shade because that 's where most of the vessels and humans are . """
tr	NN	The beef was charred .
tr	NNS	The experiments wouldn 't stop , unless they stopped them .
tr	NN	The mausoleum trembled , then finally shook violently as if an earthquake had struck it .
tr	NN	The garment had barely hit the ground before he divested her of the rest of her clothes , frantic to have her naked .
tr	NNS	Elias rushed to her side as Leah steadied her woozy head and concentrated one last time .
tr	NNS	Anyway , pirates attacked her boat or maybe a storm made it sink .
tr	NNS	""" Also , when my body prepares to feed , the healing properties in my saliva release ."
tr	NN	Surprisingly , her advancing geriatric condition was the least of her worries .
tr	NN	The maximum figure she was authorized to offer any one person was ten thousand dollars and that was only after a lot of negotiating .
tr	NNS	Delores pulled out a chair and sat .
tr	NNS	Yes , somewhere , there were hostages ... Canute surprised her by reaching out and grasping her hair .
tr	NNS	Security cameras on poles monitoring every last meter of fence with built-in light enhancement and infrared .
tr	NN	The broth warmed her stomach and for the first time in a week she didn 't feel ill .
tr	NN	"Poor fellow , I think he believed it and was as disappointed as the rest of them . """
tr	NN	"And baby doll , they won 't . """
tr	NNS	St. John 's nostrils flared , and he leapt to his feet .
tr	NNS	His writings had plucked at her courage , creating a crescendo of hope , love and desire that commanded release .
tr	NNS	But for now ... her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	NN	""" What was the big weakness you discovered ?"
tr	NN	The black tuxedo -- one of Ferrero 's own , if I had to guess -- fit his frame perfectly .
tr	NN	Their sweet fragrance wreathed his senses like a silken ribbon .
tr	NN	""" I 'd like a word please , "" calmly ordered the pilot ."
tr	NN	My stamina isn 't what it should be , and my muscles are already shaking from fatigue .
tr	NNS	Her predictions brought me here from the Beyond .
tr	NNS	Damn it , there were surprising depths to that man . )
tr	NNS	""" Where are the targets ? """
tr	NNS	Signed , Faithful These bits of information would mean little except that the next morning brought panic to the Vatican .
tr	NNS	""" No blades , deep space capable ... makes no sense to me . """
tr	NNS	The fountains pulsed blood , and what floated on top of the liquid was not flowers but open severed hands .
tr	NN	""" Nope , the curb got that one ."
tr	NNS	Others found pleasure in the act .
tr	NN	A small tree frog , bright green in color , leapt from a particularly thick root to land on MaryAnn 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , so many tiny black wisps rushed forward .
tr	NNS	There are other substantiating factors .
tr	NNS	Birds and insects were feeding off them .
tr	NN	The buck smashed into the doors with its horns , throwing them wide open .
tr	NNS	The pigs squealed as the bolts passed through them and suddenly vanished , fading in a second as if nothing was there .
tr	NNS	The vamps wouldn 't get them , though .
tr	NN	The landlord turned , disappearing into another hallway .
tr	NNS	The sobs came fast and furious , and the memories she had fought so hard to bury broke free .
tr	NNS	The wolves are coming closer to the camp and there 's a bobcat in the area .
tr	NNS	The light fixtures were small wagon wheels suspended over every table , a bigger one way up in the rafters dead center .
tr	NNS	Several more wrists raised to Daniel .
tr	NNS	Their protective suits steamed and dripped water onto the floor making them look like prehistoric animals newly emerged from the slime .
tr	NNS	Two big , fierce black wolves were fighting , tangled in claws and teeth and blood .
tr	NN	Where did my loyalty lie ?
tr	NN	The lust leaves his expression and is replaced by a look of concern .
tr	NNS	Most shapeshifters can 't switch back and forth like that .
tr	NNS	Black figures surrounded the blaze .
tr	NNS	The cameras weren 't down at the launch site at all .
tr	NNS	"When I carried Lasher , there were no signs until the moment came . """
tr	NN	The only goal gripping his mind in its sway was the need to destroy this thing before him completely .
tr	NN	or the other chestnut is the three putt .
tr	NN	It penetrated through my muscles , deeper and deeper , its flaming tentacles snatching my vital organs , ripping them out of my body .
tr	NN	Jazz saw a flicker in Lucia 's eyes , a downright flinch in her body language .
tr	NNS	Wedding arrangements should have solidified the bond between them , not driven them farther apart .
tr	NNS	There were several members of the World Auto team scribbling hastily on the large sheets of paper , which were plastered around the room .
tr	NN	A gentle tap on his shoulder which didn 't register for a few more steps : words , it said , carved .
tr	NN	There was a polite cough from the door .
tr	NNS	His brain processes stopped altogether .
tr	NNS	The hardwood floors in his home were a polished blond , and the walls were eggshell , giving the room warmth .
tr	NNS	But neither the horns nor the officers ' presence made Dickens stop fighting .
tr	NNS	A line of people were making their way down the track , their figures silhouetted in the dim light .
tr	NN	A quiet click assured her the gun was empty .
tr	NNS	His sandals were of different make and there was a large patch on one leg of his trousers .
tr	NN	The second agent walked to the table and sat down across from Carlos , Kendall and Logan .
tr	NNS	Large drips of blood bled out from these four gashes , down her hands and wrists .
tr	NN	An explanation followed but Mike remained selective in what he said and most of all didn 't say .
tr	NN	A slight chuckle drummed between us .
tr	NN	Since the war , the festival has been the same every year .
tr	NNS	Others , though , lay on the ground clutching their wounds , trying to stop the life blood that flowed freely out of their bodies .
tr	NN	My clit rose to meet him , erect and straining for the pleasure of his tongue against it .
tr	NNS	And in light of the fear that he 'd already been feeling , red flags had gone off immediately when those cars arrived .
tr	NN	"Some radar operator flagged us as a potential drug smuggler of some type . """
tr	NN	""" A football player . """
tr	NNS	His movements were slow and weak .
tr	NN	As I looked , the pointed tip of another dart emerged through the hole .
tr	NN	A high magical environment could be useful , sometimes .
tr	NN	The writing on it was Hebrew , and the demon recognized it instantly .
tr	NNS	Her raven locks were shorter but with the same silky feel .
tr	NNS	I could feel it , the vibrant cords of it were fraying , disappearing into the night in a very tangible way .
tr	NN	A young valet opened her passenger door .
tr	NN	His determination was what she feared , along with his rumoured ruthless tactics .
tr	NNS	The prints were easily as big as his fist with five claw marks at the outside of the track .
tr	NN	The haze cleared quickly from the storm 's fierce wind .
tr	NN	The top shelf was empty .
tr	NN	A throbbing started at the base of Luc 's skull and engulfed his head .
tr	NNS	The coils stayed dull and cold .
tr	NN	Both Storm and Tia wondered .
tr	NNS	The stakes weren 't in the front pocket .
tr	NN	There was no spark , no quivering in her stomach .
tr	NNS	My belongings fall to the floor and I squat down , covering my face as I sob into my hands .
tr	NN	The waterfall acts a turbine producing stream , which is mixed with the invisible solar waves feeding Trig .
tr	NN	Robert wondered how they ever got out of China with all the surveillance the Chinese government has in place .
tr	NNS	The usual suspects pour from the gates .
tr	NNS	My mouth is dry as I turn to face them , their expressions fixed in various degrees of shock , sadness , and anger .
tr	NNS	Sometimes the losers had to wear stupid costumes for a day .
tr	NN	""" They 'll spot us soon , "" the lieutenant said ."
tr	NNS	Two shots cracked through the streets , one right after the other , and then - Silence .
tr	NNS	Their promises of new life , the waters to be found , gave incitement to what would bring him every dawn to the hills surrounding his village .
tr	NN	The entire arrangement wobbled horrendously , and he gaped at the bouncing , clattering items on the tray .
tr	NN	The honesty of the realization gave him a twinge of momentary discomfort .
tr	NN	Her observation was spot on .
tr	NN	The Daimon leader laughed .
tr	NNS	There are also instances that they would just look and smile at each other and they would already know what would that mean .
tr	NN	The tip of my index finger covers it completely .
tr	NN	With each tug of his mouth my clit throbbed .
tr	NNS	Henrietta could see several fingers suddenly curl around it , long fingernails tapping against the metal as they did .
tr	NN	""" Heroes are all young and beautiful "" , the inspector repeated to himself ."
tr	NNS	Soon our letters of marque will be irrefutable and all will be right with our world again .
tr	NN	The once unruly flash mob of eighth grade cowards now stood silent .
tr	NN	""" Indeed , "" the high priest said ."
tr	NNS	My investors and I are already constructing luxury hotels on two of the three islands .
tr	NNS	Things were definitely going his way tonight .
tr	NN	The chef , an elf about Abigail 's height , whisked something pink in a clear glass bowl .
tr	NN	Some Nobel Prize winner had suggested that we 'd better be prepared for alien visitations and poof : Space Councils .
tr	NN	At that moment , my teacher walks in , nodding politely at us as she does .
tr	NN	Free wil and The Law are on opposite ends of the universe .
tr	NN	The sage hummed as he perused the contents of the newly translated text .
tr	NNS	Then its petals morphed into the famous self-portrait of Van Gogh smoking a pipe .
tr	NNS	"And when more settlers arrive ... "" Pierre shrugged again ."
tr	NN	Within moments , the tip of his bald head had sunk beneath the crest of the dune .
tr	NN	Perhaps exercise would clear his head and make him see what he should do .
tr	NNS	""" Thank you , sir , "" the visitors said politely ."
tr	NNS	All the tales were clear on that .
tr	NNS	"... that some of the boards need repairing . """
tr	NNS	Alexis nodded as Jason walked out .
tr	NN	Love is a conquest .
tr	NN	A few errant sparks flared in its writhing hair .
tr	NNS	"Suspicious nodded "" They 'll shoot him again if they 're smart . """
tr	NNS	Romulus whined and tried to lick the tears from her cheek .
tr	NNS	Like the other members of the council did when they were so deep into planning that they let their masks slip .
tr	NN	""" So , "" I said , "" How 's the poker going ? """
tr	NNS	Two rats scurrying near trash cans sat up on their hind legs , motionless , waiting expectantly .
tr	NN	The priest devised a plan and explained it in detail to the Maharaja .
tr	NN	One fallen angel emerged from the smoke , trudging up the hillside , eyes alert .
tr	NN	The smells of horses and mules reached her , and she wrinkled her nose .
tr	NN	Jazz fumbled her own out , but didn 't like the way her hand was shaking .
tr	NN	""" There 's not much damage . """
tr	NNS	""" Holy shit , what did you ladies do to get a suite like this ?"
tr	NNS	Afternoon classes were miserable for Fintan .
tr	NNS	Slow , plodding footsteps thanked toward her .
tr	NN	The bullet caught the woman in the shoulder .
tr	NNS	Her soft sobs caused her body to shake under the blanket .
tr	NN	Storm asks in a sweet tone .
tr	NN	The enclosure held cages , pens , and stakes for the more docile creatures .
tr	NN	"The psychiatrist is always a twisted psychopath . """
tr	NN	The Dark Lord 's prison Two weeks later Cassie opened her eyes to discover she was shrouded in a thick mist .
tr	NNS	The emptiness of the cavern , the sterile quality of the air , surprised Lily , as though nothing had ever happened there .
tr	NNS	Our first time travelers , whom we sent a day forward into the future , bridged the void easily enough .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of agreement .
tr	NNS	His instincts told him he was on their trail .
tr	NNS	Or had all the losses finally caught up with me ?
tr	NNS	"These traits have given you entrance into the Fringe . """
tr	NNS	""" Well , since then , our northeastern district sales are down substantially . """
tr	NN	The assault was so sudden that Harlan instantly went for his holster .
tr	NNS	The images jumped crazily .
tr	NNS	Lots of people have pointy chins .
tr	NN	The intruder looked Stillwell in the face .
tr	NN	And how had that video gotten online anyway ?
tr	NNS	His skills as an expert archer hadn 't gone unnoticed .
tr	NNS	Meantime great changes in the outside world held a great fascination for us .
tr	NNS	If not , their search efforts were going to be hindered by the snowstorm .
tr	NNS	The sealed containers spilled onto the floor in front of Dr. Evermore .
tr	NN	Liam 's tuxedo fit his form as though it had been molded to him .
tr	NN	A revolutionary leader never follows a crowd .
tr	NN	The courtroom itself seemed alive .
tr	NNS	The chances were that he and Merry would be killed together with their captors , before ever the Men of Rohan were aware of them .
tr	NN	""" And your eyes also , "" the captain added ."
tr	NN	A fractured replica of Amelie 's face turned to stare at me , one suffering from extreme internal turmoil .
tr	NN	The tightness and size of his muscles always takes me aback .
tr	NNS	""" No buts , Ivan , my word is final ."
tr	NNS	There were two course changes along the way , the axes x , y , and z all accounted for .
tr	NNS	Small gold hoops dangled from each ear , and Mike caught the slightest trace of perfume .
tr	NNS	But after half the contents was getting some colour back into his face .
tr	NNS	The jagged blades sliced through the vampire 's hands .
tr	NNS	"Things have gotten so ... complicated . """
tr	NNS	Loud voice commands were coming from a room near them .
tr	NNS	Hands draw me back into the ship .
tr	NN	* * * The automobile bounced hard on the edge of the road , jerking her neck back .
tr	NN	His hail of lead ripped into the truck driver , passing through and glancing off Hyperion 's stone body harmlessly .
tr	NNS	Girls flutter their eyelashes , flick their hair , and skim their eyes through the people to find a guy to take home .
tr	NN	The archer and the bright one exchanged a confused glance .
tr	NNS	Angelus appeared on the other side of the pool .
tr	NN	My tray flies , and the remnants of my food scatter , some landing in my hair .
tr	NNS	""" Sometimes the detectives would sit at the curb out front and wave to us as we went in and out ."
tr	NN	It was the right thing to do , his tribe would do the same to him if needed .
tr	NNS	The hallways were empty , except for me running frantically through the school with goggles and chalk .
tr	NN	The roar of a boat engine drifted across the water .
tr	NN	However , I couldn 't keep up with him , my stamina was dwindling the longer the guns stayed in my hands .
tr	NN	""" This angel may have the answers I need . """
tr	NNS	Their bites were rarely fatal , but I 'd heard many tall tales of horrible deaths .
tr	NNS	Cade 's abilities wouldn 't do us much good if we had no way of putting them in context or ascertaining some kind of time line .
tr	NNS	Her movements were stiff as she cleaned up what little hair she cut off me .
tr	NNS	""" Two frequencies , four covalent bonds . """
tr	NN	Even an adult might feel some of this sensitivity and vulnerability .
tr	NNS	A few staff members also worked behind a desk .
tr	NNS	Six or seven large wooden , bladed , fans hung from the ceiling .
tr	NN	"An agent exited Kaiser 's front door and stepped over to her , saying , "" I think you should see this . """
tr	NN	The small , carved warrior attached to the string of leather dangled freely .
tr	NNS	My goddess red flags were flying their colors high in the sky .
tr	NNS	Things grew increasingly bizarre when it became obvious the two weren 't quite sure what to do with each other .
tr	NN	""" The unknown factor is what scares the shit out of me . """
tr	NN	Immediately firing back into Dalton and his crowd .
tr	NNS	"The creatures hunt small vermin out in the fields and he brings them in for shelter of an evening . """
tr	NNS	The blades began to turn ... ever so slowly .
tr	NN	There was a glint of steel in his eyes , despite his lazy tone .
tr	NN	""" My uncle won 't be pleased when he returns and finds her dead ; I say we wait for him ."
tr	NN	""" That little bitch won 't be satisfied until she steals you away from me ."
tr	NN	The old man 's pipe burned out and he began cleaning it with some small tool he took from a pocket .
tr	NNS	Class differences had vanished .
tr	NN	The Hunter 's canoe looked tiny , and for a moment he thought he saw someone sitting in it .
tr	NNS	Reyes closed his eyes .
tr	NN	Look around you , the countryside is changing .
tr	NNS	These country zombies would be strong and the goal was to kill them without weapons .
tr	NNS	His buddies must have seen it too , because they changed their course of questioning .
tr	NN	With both boxers in the middle , the referee started to go over the rules and asked them to have a clean fight .
tr	NNS	Lights in the apartment flickered on and off .
tr	NN	The superior glint in his smile made me uneasy .
tr	NN	""" Handpicked Egyptian cotton , "" a drawn out voice said from behind her ."
tr	NNS	Images of those half-dozen things they could do to each other somewhere remote had her blood running even hotter than it already was .
tr	NN	Her veil in place , Jewell turned to look at the image of herself in he mirror .
tr	NN	An observer who would tell the story differently than she might .
tr	NN	Chance went sprawling , and his luck tablet bounced out of his pocket when he hit the ground .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced beneath his touch .
tr	NN	His orgasm was close .
tr	NN	The new , more yielding environment allowed the carbon fibers to separate .
tr	NNS	"Fashionable ladies have too much work to do . """
tr	NNS	My reservations about staying in a motel evaporate as I take in the space .
tr	NNS	Words mean absolutely nothing .
tr	NN	If he personally managed to accomplish that task , his value would rise immeasurably .
tr	NNS	"On the doors were signs , "" Closed until further notice . """
tr	NNS	Its contents beckoned her for a reason she couldn 't even begin to understand .
tr	NNS	Words that were untrue and absolved the wrong person of guilt and Dare 's anger at Brian returned .
tr	NN	The tape was heavily edited .
tr	NN	The man 's accent was clearly English .
tr	NN	""" It 's a brave thing that you are doing , "" The intern whispered to him just out of sight of the others ."
tr	NN	Chance backed her up against the window .
tr	NNS	Taylor pigs make better pork - who would have thought ?
tr	NN	There indeed was a vent .
tr	NNS	The bright afternoon suns ate away the tail of the daily squall and glistened off the wet black rocks of Dash Point .
tr	NNS	Others had split off from the main group and were running to block the mouths of the tunnels along the walls .
tr	NNS	The cougar became even more aggressive , its movements driven by a fixation on helpless Laura .
tr	NN	""" Ok ok ! """
tr	NN	There was also a conviction for sexual assault on a minor .
tr	NNS	The Dauntless leaders and I want to see if knowing your fears before you begin training will better prepare you for the rest of initiation .
tr	NN	A whistle draws my attention .
tr	NNS	""" Sure , the new ones of us will do pretty much the same things we did , butt hopefully the little changes will keep all safe ."
tr	NNS	Bugs leapt from the coach as Brock tossed the driver some coin .
tr	NNS	""" These mushrooms let me remember her , but they block out everything else ."
tr	NNS	There were three bridesmaids , each clutching a small bouquet of flowers against her chest .
tr	NNS	There were thousands of chandeliers overhead , each dripping with glistening teardrops .
tr	NNS	The mental images crashing through her mind made her legs tremble so badly that she was forced to drop into the closest chair .
tr	NNS	""" The locks came with the door ."
tr	NNS	Samuels laughed as if he recognized Bob 's words for the falsehood they were .
tr	NN	""" Nothin ' , "" Mill said ."
tr	NNS	The shots missed , but it gave Rata and the captive a chance to catch up .
tr	NNS	To intensify these late night , private trials into anxiety ; the presence of a pick-up truck tailed Kelly some distance down the highway before turning right .
tr	NN	The barkeep laughed again as I glanced away , annoyed .
tr	NNS	""" Things have been a little weird around here the last couple of days and I just want some answers ."
tr	NNS	But at least his current efforts to make up for his mistakes were paying off .
tr	NN	""" Sis , if he kisses you , you ' l figure out how to kiss back pretty quickly . """
tr	NNS	Immortals had no idea that the Hunters were a form of mortals who were gifted with supernatural abilities .
tr	NNS	The duchess glared her displeasure at Alexandra 's peremptory entrance into the room .
tr	NNS	The powerful jaws closed on empty air .
tr	NNS	The four outsiders said nothing .
tr	NN	Even though that scream had been so shrill , so icy , the adrenaline pumping through their bodies compelled them to run .
tr	NNS	The work areas are farther back , hidden from view , and it is in one of those quiet corners that I now sit .
tr	NNS	The overalls were masculine , but the curves they covered were not .
tr	NN	The black jaguar appeared from the brush at Maggie 's side .
tr	NNS	"The most dangerous lies are the ones you tell yourself , and they are the ones that hurt the most . """
tr	NN	The passion comes hard and fast , as it is meant to .
tr	NNS	Exactly thirty minutes later the two squabbling idiots suddenly stopped .
tr	NNS	But as the hours passed and Andrea 's customers began to show up , Julie 's worries grew .
tr	NNS	Small blue markings decorated her scalp , like so much scientific nomenclature tattooed in place .
tr	NN	Reynaud 's heavy black brows drew together , his midnight eyes staring as if with condemnation .
tr	NNS	Dreadful chants accompanied by piercing screams echoed within the stone walls .
tr	NNS	20 degrees left , then 40 degrees right and back to center heading 250 degrees .
tr	NNS	In biology , there were already whispers of trouble between Weston and me .
tr	NN	"All the yelling gives me a headache . """
tr	NNS	Energy levels are high , and it seems Dax and I are the only ones who have come back empty-handed from our mission .
tr	NNS	For a distance of one kilometre from the fence , the authorities had a scorched earth policy .
tr	NN	The sparkle behind Mrs. Dawson 's brown eyes spread to the crow 's - feet beside them .
tr	NN	An economic crash , as far as James was concerned , demanded careful rationing of all life 's most basic necessities .
tr	NNS	"The hallucinations could all be memories . """
tr	NN	Each fighter started to head to their respective corners , both trying to slide upright , not wanting to show any signs of damage to their opponent .
tr	NN	The scar on his cheek was a vivid white .
tr	NN	My hunger has a totally different taint to it .
tr	NNS	Others noted that in certain atmospheric conditions the moon appeared blue , but that wasn 't too convincing to Lydia .
tr	NN	Her determination of what to say must have come to her because she proceeded to speak .
tr	NN	The uncertainty created a paused calculation of the obvious and this was one of those clouded moments .
tr	NNS	Several additions along with modernized utilities helped the home grow into a rather large , historical house .
tr	NN	"My shrink tells me that making peace with my past may do wonders for my mental outlook . """
tr	NNS	The designs she had for the King Vineyard menu .
tr	NN	A loud thud against the carriage door caused the vehicle to lurch to one side , then rock back into place .
tr	NN	His balcony filled with thick , noxious smoke until Conrad disappeared ... Jayne sat up sharply .
tr	NNS	"We should stick to the path , forks will confuse them . """
tr	NN	In their home , formality ruled , even in personal , intimate relationships .
tr	NNS	Odysseus broke off the haggling to frown at him .
tr	NN	The stifling gloom and stench of rot increased as they neared the dungeon area that held the most heinous criminals .
tr	NNS	"Never that hot , no matter what the movies say . """
tr	NNS	The effects proved revitalizing to Alma , who hadn 't experienced such a sensory rush since the damaging fright of the stranger in the cave .
tr	NN	Chase 's observation unsettled Willow .
tr	NN	Lust pulsed between them , tinted with feminine need .
tr	NN	"The young warrior laughed , "" Probably , but I am not concerned ."
tr	NN	""" Go is an ancient Japanese game , "" the player said without looking up ."
tr	NNS	Yet the specifics remained shrouded in darkness .
tr	NNS	Our visitors are here . '
tr	NNS	With weapons raised , the gunmen scanned the area then heard a squirrel 's chatter from a nearby tree .
tr	NN	The final chasm to cross is a large one , but the boy makes the running leap without hesitation .
tr	NN	The medicine the doctors had given him was easily taking care of the splitting headache he had .
tr	NN	""" What 's your work schedule like the rest of the week ? """
tr	NNS	""" As you know there were experiments ."
tr	NNS	"Mother fleas tell their babies , ' Go get her ; she 's yummy ! ' """
tr	NNS	Her sandals are there and her shoes are gone , her garden shoes .
tr	NNS	""" Others in the city who might have had contact . """
tr	NN	The lamb , she thought .
tr	NN	The only consolation he could find was knowing that Nikki was right there with him .
tr	NNS	The gunmen tensed and reached into their long coats .
tr	NNS	The media in India anyway was having a good time as literacy and purchasing power were growing much higher than the population growth rate .
tr	NNS	Marius let out a bellowing roar and kicked the door in the middle .
tr	NN	""" The first requirement is ... you cannot tell anyone where and how you obtained the information ."
tr	NNS	No members of the hotel staff stood in a tight huddle , discussing a missing guest .
tr	NN	""" I know , ma petite ."
tr	NNS	Words couldn 't explain .
tr	NNS	Security patrols will now begin a door-to-door search of every building in the Stadium .
tr	NN	We are the tenants , not the landlords , a temple priest once said at a weekly gathering .
tr	NNS	"Girls love them . """
tr	NN	A forceful graphic occupied the front cover : A sword gripped in a powerful hand .
tr	NNS	Two vamps , unescorted by Helen , stood in the doorway , sharing the weight of a massive marble pedestal .
tr	NNS	My grey paws were a blur , while my mousy heartbeat raced at 1,000 beats a minute .
tr	NNS	Our tongues vigorously danced , just as we had done in the parking lot .
tr	NN	the captain muttered , flabbergasted .
tr	NNS	Eight three-piece suits -- seven of them straining at the middle -- seated around a long cherry wood table that gleamed like a mirror .
tr	NN	The dwarfs knew something .
tr	NN	His sanity was beginning to depend on it .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat covered Dormer 's body .
tr	NNS	Alexis ran her hands through her light brown hair and smiled confidently as she strutted over to John and Mary .
tr	NN	In the distance , a glowing haze shone through the mists .
tr	NNS	The sirens and vibrating of helicopters were as common in Hollywood as the Metro busses ' screeching brakes .
tr	NN	My tie was uncomfortable around my neck and caused the collar of my shirt to rub my neck raw .
tr	NN	""" Oh , so , no damage , then , "" Jason said , which was such a brother thing to say that Claire smiled ."
tr	NN	Her pulse was an ocean in her ears .
tr	NN	The cheeseburger went down in a few deep breaths , more drinks to round off the meal .
tr	NN	""" He 's had to step out but he 'll be back shortly , "" the attorney 's secretary told him ."
tr	NN	The squirrel , or whatever it was , did not come tumbling to the ground , but the ruckus in the treetops ceased .
tr	NNS	Small clips of time keep slipping away .
tr	NNS	Well my defenses went up and I insisted I didn 't owe him anything and I started to swim away .
tr	NN	My new schedule felt positively decadent .
tr	NN	Your grandma and everyone else came over and worked on it all day yesterday .
tr	NN	Burning steam filled Cassius 's chest like Mt. Vesuvius .
tr	NNS	Half a dozen lockers lined the left wall , and I opened the one Noelle pointed to .
tr	NN	A tiny spark of wonder , wonder that maybe there was some wacky way to end this war .
tr	NNS	There were so many deaths .
tr	NNS	Muscles rippled beneath his thin shirt and there was a fluid grace to his every stride .
tr	NNS	For too long philosophers tended to look inward and deny the influence of the environment - the locality of causal influences on the organism .
tr	NNS	""" No worries , I will see to that , eat up , nothing to be embarrassed about . """
tr	NN	While he was trying to shake it off , the hunter came after me .
tr	NNS	The neatly tilled rows stretching out in front of him caused a pang in his chest .
tr	NN	"The policeman just came back . """
tr	NN	One condition will change .
tr	NN	A multi-colored parrot flies by , almost too fast to be noticed .
tr	NN	There is natural light streaming through the room , but I see no windows .
tr	NN	What good does a theory do us when there 's no way to test it ?
tr	NN	Warmth and cautious optimism trickled through her .
tr	NNS	The wolves around us snarled in earnest , snapping their jaws and rending the air in their impatience .
tr	NNS	""" Four versions of the same world times how many worlds ... "" Terra continued , ignoring him ."
tr	NN	In fact , the tube was standing on the porch railing in front of me right now .
tr	NNS	The sirens were at the gate .
tr	NNS	Her lush , layered brunette locks had swept to one side , the ends brushing gracefully against her breast .
tr	NN	Thinking of the old stories reminded her of the Prophecy , and of the Sibling .
tr	NNS	"The wood floors could do with a new coat of varnish . """
tr	NN	That bitch is crazy .
tr	NN	This conviction could not have popped into my head at a more inconvenient moment .
tr	NNS	Things were unexpectedly cordial between Angeline and Eddie , despite a recent and disastrous bout of dating .
tr	NNS	The tentacles petted and caressed my hands and arms .
tr	NNS	What were the chances they would survive as long as he had ?
tr	NN	The crown met her wetness , beckoning him inside .
tr	NNS	""" Kevin , "" the twins said ."
tr	NNS	In 2514 , members of society worked only for the good of the community .
tr	NN	""" Well , crisis averted ."
tr	NN	A two-week vacation , and those towns were like their resorts .
tr	NN	The sheriff grabbed them and hustled them off to the side , then unlocked Shane 's cell .
tr	NNS	All the military Council members gathered at the Council Hall in the palace for the meeting .
tr	NN	Dolly 's attorney spent a few precious billable minutes telling me the exact same thing .
tr	NN	"A dreadful bore , but what can you do ? """
tr	NNS	The criss-crossing lasers stopped their dance and I reckoned our Captain had hoisted the metaphorical white flag .
tr	NNS	Chills run down my spine and I glance around for signs that someone else might be near in case I need help with this thing .
tr	NN	"Grandpa 's temp has spiked just in the last few minutes . """
tr	NNS	Her son 's recessive Were traits , Alcide had told me , might show as increased vigor and a great healing ability .
tr	NNS	This can include photos , audio or video surveillance , e-mails , eyewitness accounts , recovered items with fingerprints or DNA , or admission of guilt .
tr	NN	The newcomer was tall .
tr	NNS	The tentacles fought him for possession .
tr	NNS	Alexis had a tech with him and they were conducting tests .
tr	NN	""" There was a complication there . """
tr	NN	And this trailer sits at the far end of the Court .
tr	NNS	Silky strands of his hair skimmed my thighs as he settled between my legs .
tr	NN	She drew her sword and flew toward him , the tip notched against his neck .
tr	NNS	Yesterday her fellow board members had mentioned where the boy had lived .
tr	NNS	With a snap of the reins , carts speeded up .
tr	NN	The bastard had tracked Olivia to the mainland .
tr	NN	My reflection stared back .
tr	NNS	Alexis stood to her full six foot height and glared at me .
tr	NN	The bounty hunter confirms with an abbreviated nod , another human gesture that sits oddly on him in his natural form .
tr	NN	The ugly , dirty Prince fancied himself as something of a lady 's man - even though no ladies ever agreed with him !
tr	NNS	Things were a little different on the opposite side of the table .
tr	NN	Luckily the medicine had kicked in and I was feeling a little more human .
tr	NN	The majority of his toys had been all but worn out when he was younger , and most of the games in his possession had been completed .
tr	NN	A ping sounded in her ear .
tr	NNS	Medical insurance claims would create a paper trail , as would even paying with a check or credit card .
tr	NN	The streams opened holes in the new ceiling , and pushed us through into the Temporal Chamber .
tr	NNS	My dear colleagues , nothing has changed -- ' ' Everything has changed ! '
tr	NN	The lady 's maid from before attended me , and I surely worried her with my mumbled thoughts .
tr	NNS	The restrictions on his gifts chafed deeper every day .
tr	NNS	""" But ladies , my friend was in no way a St. Genevieve , but a sedate , lean person of 45 ! """
tr	NNS	The next few shots bounced harmlessly off into outer space .
tr	NNS	More intense suggestions followed as the months went on until finally the two were sneaking off with each other .
tr	NN	A long , thick tail wound around his middle , squeezing .
tr	NNS	My fears quickly melted away , turning instead to fascination .
tr	NNS	The entire media was abuzz with the news of Cooper Industries going bankrupt .
tr	NN	The captain of this vessel has a few issues of his own , so he 's in agreement .
tr	NN	"That press release said very little but somehow satisfied everyone . """
tr	NN	""" History makes these times out to be full of war and death ."
tr	NN	On the D-Day , the college auditorium was house full .
tr	NN	""" About ten miles due north of the Hoh Forest ranger station ."
tr	NN	""" The honour 's all mine . """
tr	NN	The landlord bustled towards them .
tr	NN	His success at locating it had renewed his faith in himself , and in his training .
tr	NNS	During her last year of training , though , the strange headaches that she had begun to experience worsened , waking her from any attempt at sleep .
tr	NNS	The colors around him dimmed significantly and the noise of the rain forest disappeared until silence surrounded him .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'd see someone else besides Doyle and my other doctors and a handful of nurses .
tr	NNS	There were several lower levels below deck .
tr	NN	Jimmy 's offensive squad paused and stared at the location Jimmy had described .
tr	NNS	The fat drops were sparse at first .
tr	NN	A dragon had come from somewhere unknown , and with one mighty breath from its maw set the entire flank of goblins on fire .
tr	NN	The healer finished with him , giving him a timid , slightly concerned smile .
tr	NN	His uncle cuts in before he has the chance to elaborate .
tr	NN	The look Sheridan gave me spoke legions about what I could expect in the future .
tr	NN	The villa is fifty meters farther , on a bank .
tr	NNS	Things had happened quite fast after that , and another reason for the speed was that the mine was shut .
tr	NNS	The warrants are on the line as we speak .
tr	NN	That giggle was old man David !
tr	NN	He wouldn , t have wanted it , no , never .
tr	NN	The roar pealed in the entire room .
tr	NN	The majority of the trip would be mostly expressway but the last forty miles or so it was going to be tricky .
tr	NN	The mountain facing them seemed to reach right up to the sky .
tr	NN	""" My notion of right and wrong is so messed up , Luce , that my wrong is everyone else 's right ."
tr	NNS	"No terminals , how the heck can we control anything ? """
tr	NNS	In fact , half the uniforms on this field had come from her sewing machine .
tr	NNS	What factors had shifted .
tr	NN	The reproach was clear in her voice .
tr	NN	The tap closed suddenly .
tr	NNS	The mattress , however , didn 't have anything holding it in place and so it slid halfway off the box spring onto the floor .
tr	NNS	"Things are going to get very hot here very soo ... "" He stiffened suddenly and swore under his breath ."
tr	NNS	Render drones came and went at a steady pace , some taking larva with them to some other chamber .
tr	NN	The explorers had often used this ability to create tactics to fit any particular situation they came across .
tr	NN	Was going back to school still an option after all she had learned ?
tr	NN	The little bitch had been invading his thoughts more and more regularly .
tr	NNS	Gramps just died , and I don 't know what 's wrong with Penny , and I 'm high .
tr	NNS	Things may be worse than we 've been led to suppose .
tr	NN	By spring , the merger will be complete .
tr	NN	A blush crept across my skin .
tr	NNS	Even her cheekbones protruded from the sides of her face , giving her the appearance of a skeleton .
tr	NNS	Despite his simplicity , his instincts are infallible and he is wily .
tr	NN	Its haunting white glow made everything seem mysterious and cold .
tr	NN	"Jazz sucked in a deep breath and surprised herself by saying , "" Yeah ."
tr	NN	Every nerve in my body came alive and tingled in anticipation .
tr	NNS	The very boards of the hull bent and let in the sea .
tr	NNS	""" And don "" t come back . """
tr	NNS	Two large warriors positioned themselves at the entrance in order to discourage unwelcome suitors .
tr	NN	But the warrior on the dais laughed , watching as the flames disappeared .
tr	NNS	From below our feet , sprites giggle and clap their hands .
tr	NN	A secretary answers phones and types letters .
tr	NN	The electricity had gone out at the same time , and the train had slowed to a stop .
tr	NN	The page more than happily took his exit while Lancelot scowled .
tr	NNS	Chills remain on my arms long after he hangs up .
tr	NNS	Things won 't return to normal here for a while , though weapons vendors may try their luck .
tr	NNS	""" Witches and shape shifters ?"
tr	NN	A thin curl of smoke rose lazily upwards , disappearing into the midday sky .
tr	NN	The black haze appeared out of nowhere and devoured me .
tr	NN	If he hadn 't saved the garter snake .
tr	NN	The strong acidic stench of fresh leavings hung in the air .
tr	NNS	Folks must have come from all over .
tr	NN	The gentle rebuke scattered the rage that had temporarily taken control of her .
tr	NNS	"Lots of people replied "" yes . """
tr	NN	The dinner whistle sounds , and Gale and I line up at the canteen .
tr	NNS	Things in Woodland Hills and the surrounding areas began to return to normal almost immediately on the twenty-first of December .
tr	NN	There was layer upon layer of them stretching into the dark depths .
tr	NN	""" A transition of power is imminent ."
tr	NN	The other knight turned to face him again , calling him out as he panted from his run .
tr	NN	"The lack of sensation and movement ability that Markus is experiencing right now is temporary but will eventually become permanent . """
tr	NNS	Images filled his mind , somewhat dimmer than he was used to , but unmistakable .
tr	NNS	Others munched on snacks .
tr	NNS	Starbucks has warned us to pretend we 're his slaves if anything comes up .
tr	NN	The accent was more New York than Michigan , lacking the intermingling of Canadian and Irish that was heard in the Upper Peninsula .
tr	NN	Was a sin against Ethan a sin against God ?
tr	NNS	The members acknowledged the message .
tr	NNS	These types of people are extremely bright ; they 're articulate , but often choose to spend time alone .
tr	NNS	Her hopes and dreams were so sweet .
tr	NN	""" Yes , "" Steve replied , seeming strangely hushed ."
tr	NN	His uncharacteristic soft manner left me scared .
tr	NNS	And -- MW got the distinct impression -- the demands appeared to suggest that he didn 't trust his passenger !
tr	NNS	Burning boards , splinters , nails , and shingles sprayed in the air , flying around a man in black .
tr	NNS	There were no seats back there .
tr	NN	The pulse fluttered wildly .
tr	NN	My adrenaline was now racing through my entire body .
tr	NNS	My professors had loved that I had created something fashionable for a pregnant woman to wear .
tr	NN	There was a roar in his ears and the room seemed to dim around him as he continued his erotic exploration of her silken skin .
tr	NNS	The tentacles ' thumps eased , too , behind them , and Jason wondered whether the creature might be waiting for something .
tr	NN	The images fade , slink back into my subconscious .
tr	NNS	Romulus wheezed , flinging a pack of matches at Viktor .
tr	NNS	The jagged edges of the crystal sent sparks of white light as Echo moved toward it .
tr	NNS	""" Sometimes , our minds can give us what we want the most in our sleep ."
tr	NN	A momentary thrill sped through him only to be doused by reality .
tr	NNS	A few pirates , standing at the bow , turned to leer at him with hungry eyes .
tr	NN	There was nervous applause .
tr	NN	Gypsy looked at his wristwatch , if it was a watch , which hung half through his wrist , if it was a wrist .
tr	NN	"She would be a perfect companion for Elizabeth if she would allow it , "" the duke countered ."
tr	NNS	While she 's still in a coma , her cancer cells are apparently shrinking .
tr	NNS	Screams rent the air .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter wondered how skilled with the blade the islander was .
tr	NNS	Parts of my insides , parts I try not to think about , unfurl as if touched for the first time .
tr	NN	The primal growl of her voice as she tore off his pants made him want to throw her on the ground and take her like an animal .
tr	NNS	Below , sirens screamed .
tr	NN	Her uncle handed it to her .
tr	NN	As he rolled her onto her back , her gown parted , gifting him with her right breast .
tr	NN	"The harbour is only half a day 's walk away and then we would be the merchant 's problem . """
tr	NNS	Things I saw , in person or on the tape .
tr	NN	""" No , my lieutenant was right ."
tr	NNS	The blades spun too fast , making a shot with her arrow nearly impossible .
tr	NNS	Lights glittered on the mountain .
tr	NN	""" Anything but surprising , "" replied his student ."
tr	NN	The dragon landed on a rock above the meadow where the children played .
tr	NNS	The lockers were not as I remembered them ; they were all on the wrong side !
tr	NNS	There are several terminals available in the reception hall for your immediate use tonight .
tr	NN	Those fleeing couldn 't get out , and those chasing us couldn 't get in .
tr	NN	The conservative young widow finds herself in an extremely compromising situation and barely manages to escape , leaving behind a furious Cole Taylor .
tr	NN	There was a tap on the door .
tr	NNS	"The pills work perfectly . """
tr	NN	Quinlan 's pen scratched quickly across the page , the only sound in the thick silence .
tr	NNS	The three lizards huddled , conferring .
tr	NN	The glamour hid it , but my concentration was bad .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter didn 't raise his head and continued eating his supper .
tr	NN	""" Life and wisdom grow in many ways . """
tr	NNS	Frozen inches from my chest , pointy end facing toward me .
tr	NN	But now that I was eighteen , my treatment was my own .
tr	NN	So when his father , David , Sr. , asked him where he wanted to go for his 25th birthday , there was no hesitation .
tr	NN	Mr. Brewer 's scowl deepened .
tr	NN	The ornate wrought iron , glass , and wood doors across the courtyard opened .
tr	NN	With that thought in mind , his tranquility came to an abrupt halt as the Black Door callously dumped him onto a Dead World .
tr	NN	The grunt handed one to me , kept one himself and handed out the other three .
tr	NN	"Now everyone wil know the truth ! """
tr	NN	""" Yes , Grampa , "" the term of endearment came naturally off of my tongue and I watched Amory beam in reply ."
tr	NNS	But the tightness in his chest was not .
tr	NN	The cleric chuckled again .
tr	NN	"Your partner contacted us on your behalf . """
tr	NN	Well , there 's a stroke of luck !
tr	NNS	The captains would demand that the man be tried , convicted , and punished immediately .
tr	NNS	Things were looking up .
tr	NNS	A dozen Resistance members turned to show me theirs , including Jericho and Avalon .
tr	NN	Kincaid 's spine arched and he let out an ethereal scream , eerie and inhuman , like wind howling through skeletal trees .
tr	NNS	""" Still think cookies are better than orgasms ? """
tr	NN	My belly -- or something lower -- dove when I let myself imagine the dusting of dark blond hair that was sprinkled across that forearm .
tr	NNS	Although of similar design , the uniforms had slight variation in colouring for each pack .
tr	NN	Andre 's unexpected simplicity of a solution was tempting .
tr	NNS	""" To help our personnel inside , other troops stationed outside will serve as another form of diversion effect for our troops landing in ."
tr	NN	Her waking condition hasn 't changed very much .
tr	NN	Link shook his head .
tr	NNS	Your tame rats are really upsetting people .
tr	NN	The door panel hummed softly , demanding her attention .
tr	NN	The rope would effectively end any chance of escape .
tr	NN	Love gazed at the contents and then John .
tr	NNS	"His movements were precise , measured and seemingly well thought out with the exception of the quarry north of town . """
tr	NNS	Many great warriors gathered around the battle pit , they were from all the tribes and they all waited eagerly for the challenge to begin .
tr	NN	Her belly did feel a little tight .
tr	NN	Immediately after she spoke , a great crash took place as a gargoyle on the ledge smashed the window to pieces with its fist .
tr	NN	A huge mass of them stood between us and the main doors .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Tula rose up in Simon 's mind as if his subconscious was combating what he was seeing .
tr	NNS	Her ancestors had died here -- and then , twenty years ago , her family and friends .
tr	NN	The air duct rattled harder .
tr	NN	The trumpets may yet sound .
tr	NN	A yellow Mustang squealed to a halt as I crossed .
tr	NNS	Things did not have to be this way , I offered to talk things out and you refused because of your short temper .
tr	NN	There 's no backup , and they think I 'll die instantly without it .
tr	NNS	Those pills tempt you ; you 're still doing it .
tr	NNS	""" Where are the crystal chandeliers in the lobby ?"
tr	NN	""" Ok , get out . """
tr	NN	The small compartment filled with grey mist as he stood in the vapors of the smoke .
tr	NNS	Did her siblings have built in radar ?
tr	NN	""" Your Majesty is very kind , "" the sergeant replied ."
tr	NNS	But warrants watching all the same . '
tr	NN	The P.E. teacher , not knowing Steve 's athletic ability , puts him on the same team as Jerry .
tr	NN	The cliché here is to do so in a hot bath .
tr	NNS	The Render drones surged toward Percival .
tr	NN	"My therapist approves . """
tr	NN	""" I mean , what the fuck is that accent about anyway ?"
tr	NNS	Even if the risk is low , the stakes are high .
tr	NN	The guilt would destroy him .
tr	NNS	Did the actions of wraiths even fit into any kind of morality I understood ?
tr	NNS	As we got closer to Morgan , the gems sensed their creator and wanted to go to him , because they were destined to .
tr	NNS	Just as she 'd thought , there was a visage over the cloud , faceless head peering down on the dueling men .
tr	NN	""" The lemonade made it all worthwhile , though , right ? """
tr	NNS	Outward appearances , things , didn 't seem important to him .
tr	NN	If I may , my goddess , offer another suggestion .
tr	NN	The thief has them using the postal service .
tr	NNS	""" Not many villagers can afford the luxury of a mount ."
tr	NN	Tucker 's belly turned to ice .
tr	NN	' I think you 'll find we can , ' Love said as he pulled out his badge .
tr	NNS	""" Moose burgers are amazing ."
tr	NN	Melissa 's sympathy came through loud and clear , both in her eyes and in her tone .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a moment 's hesitation in her simple answer , nor a hint of reservations in her steady gaze .
tr	NN	Storm waited patiently for her answer , his eyes full of quiet understanding she really wished she could trust .
tr	NNS	Flames still rose from it .
tr	NN	""" They ain 't right , "" a teacher once told me when I asked why they shot the adults ."
tr	NNS	Both explanations are singularly poor in evidence .
tr	NNS	The worries that were nipping at his heels earlier returned with reinforcements .
tr	NNS	The instant my watch touched them , the ladies fell over like bowling pins .
tr	NNS	Only a few inches of water covered it .
tr	NNS	Heat monitors are all yellow and ammo counts have gone to critical .
tr	NN	There was a bitter undertone to his words .
tr	NNS	The ladies would be joining the men the next day hunting and both were excited about the opportunity .
tr	NN	""" He 's Disease , sweetness , "" the goddess said ."
tr	NNS	"The other actors are starting tomorrow . """
tr	NNS	It looked angry , the way Persian cats always did .
tr	NNS	Over the first four full cycles , six pirates died from accidents .
tr	NNS	All the Cumberland Mages were wealthy , powerful , and violent .
tr	NNS	""" My hypothesis is that when I get off , one of them will follow ."
tr	NN	The rear ramp was already open , awaiting their bail-out .
tr	NNS	Chills shot through Elizabeth , and she shook as I snaked my hand just under the hem of her sweatshirt .
tr	NNS	""" All those fears are over ."
tr	NN	A ferocious blush rises in my cheeks , and I vainly try to hide it with my hair .
tr	NN	"All the selfish bastard ever said was that he 'd hidden the lockbox with the information and we 'd never find it . """
tr	NN	No further explanation needed .
tr	NNS	Screams rose from the worshipers , cries for mercy .
tr	NN	Looking up , her knitting in her hand , Maya blinked in the light .
tr	NNS	"Looks like she finally found her long-lost prince . """
tr	NNS	Others crossed the street to avoid us .
tr	NN	There was so much gas in there that Mac and Lynn glowed even brighter .
tr	NN	An ape like Amy was not a cheap and stupid version of a human worker .
tr	NNS	The tens of thousands of screaming fans currently filling this very amphitheater attested to that .
tr	NNS	Waves of pleasant thoughts washed through my mind .
tr	NNS	There were artists selling New England paintings and handcrafted foods and gifts .
tr	NNS	All persons who were either not present at the rebellion or not old enough to remember its event must never learn of its existence .
tr	NN	She landed on a canvas stretcher , the IV tube slapping her arm .
tr	NNS	There are no limits to the death , destruction , and mayhem I will bring to your doorstep if it suits my needs .
tr	NNS	All leaders needed men to follow them , sons to lead their armies .
tr	NNS	The bright colors from the sunset were coming in her new French doors .
tr	NNS	"There are some mechanisms that are so-so broken that they cannot be repaired . """
tr	NN	He couldn , t contain his excitement .
tr	NNS	There are no new changes in them and they are no longer being taken over .
tr	NN	At last , her thrashing stilled , and recognition lit her features .
tr	NN	The sliver of air between our mouths was a vivid presence , teasing and tempting .
tr	NN	The transport is very bad and it takes a long time and much effort to get the coffee to the local factory .
tr	NN	"My parents wil kil me if I lose another phone this year . """
tr	NN	Every time Ship spoke he felt himself reduced to a mote .
tr	NNS	""" Great special effects , "" murmured one teenager ."
tr	NN	The archer bows low , her humility an offering , lower than she ever bowed to the emperor .
tr	NN	The imprint of his mouth lingered on her lips , the bite of his fingers on her back .
tr	NNS	Reyes tried not to panic .
tr	NN	"If it weren 't for us , his race wouldn 't exist . """
tr	NNS	Zen 's footsteps rounded the building , then she began working on the lock down into the cellar .
tr	NNS	Static or silence , wild images projected onto his waking dreams - these were all he got .
tr	NNS	Strangers come to camp last night and ask about you .
tr	NN	The giggle came from Lea ; Jaiden was spinning her around as she gave him his hug .
tr	NNS	""" Many wolves wouldn 't be as honorable towards a lost beautiful human such as yourself . """
tr	NNS	Their skills as fighters were remarkable .
tr	NN	""" The only electricity you 're feeling is a wayward spark from the very complete circuit that 's running between the newlyweds ."
tr	NNS	In the hall , footsteps clamored behind me .
tr	NN	Intercom beeping , we slid into a station , and as the doors opened the outside world inhaled and sucked the atmosphere from the carriage .
tr	NN	"The cub will come , and we 'll go home and have another party . """
tr	NNS	Emma objects to my use of the word Oriental .
tr	NNS	""" My cards are in my satchel ."
tr	NNS	Willie 's eyelids flickered , and his hand shot up to bat at a fly that had been examining his nose .
tr	NNS	His cells burned as he ripped power from them .
tr	NNS	The Spirit Animals stand guard ; they connect with enlightened humans as best they can .
tr	NN	The explorers claimed that they had been betrayed by a long-ago Federation Council .
tr	NN	Instead , a bullet bounced out of the chamber .
tr	NNS	The only sweets I wanted were Sam 's hungry kisses , and if I couldn 't have those , I didn 't much care about anything else .
tr	NNS	Stainless tubs like those at the morgue line the center .
tr	NNS	His thumbs dug into the little muscles around her spine .
tr	NNS	"Things here at the shop are busy . """
tr	NNS	What if the other teachers see her ?
tr	NN	The others Buster was practically allowing to make their own working hours but things got done , especially since there were more hands involved .
tr	NN	In the parched conditions , this daily trickle of drinking water was the difference between life and death in the desert heat .
tr	NNS	Things couldn 't change that fast .
tr	NNS	The roads were mostly dirt , but the two main streets were paved .
tr	NN	My Master and I never got around to discussing it . '
tr	NNS	The board members stared at her without speaking , waiting for her to continue .
tr	NNS	There were fur traders as well , coming in by canoe from the far West and North , and soldiers on furlough .
tr	NNS	Our ancestors were wise men and decided to hide us in the best possible ways .
tr	NNS	The ghosts left Dan alone that night .
tr	NN	Though futile , your little chase has disrupted my plans sufficiently that now I have no other choice but to kill you .
tr	NN	My dust rag faltered , and I stared at the gaping hole in the platinum setting .
tr	NN	Part of him knew that that future was no longer possible for him .
tr	NN	A foreign student of some sort , probably an Arab , sauntered down the aisle and into the rest room .
tr	NN	My vertigo maxed out .
tr	NN	The predator with her prey in her sights .
tr	NN	A small chuckle escaped her ; the thing was stupid that was for sure .
tr	NNS	Preserving fluids and caked blood stained the canvas .
tr	NN	Inside the garage was another small , vintage car but there was also a motorcycle .
tr	NNS	Sirens can be clever .
tr	NNS	The contents of the yard hid Butch and Demon from view .
tr	NNS	Over a short period of time , his actions became more radicalized , his followers manic .
tr	NNS	Cadmus could see it on my face and nudged me .
tr	NN	And then the misery in me darkened as it so often did at these times .
tr	NN	The lightning fast trains run beneath D.C. through a twisting maze of tunnels .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped next to her , and he pulled her back into his arms .
tr	NN	A lieutenant hovered behind her , waiting to take his seat if she managed to talk him into leaving the CIC .
tr	NN	""" And I 'm not scared of anyone , except your mother of course , "" the hooded leech spoke up ."
tr	NNS	But as he always told me , death levels the playing field for everybody .
tr	NNS	Without the vest , the sharp petals of the flower would slice through flesh two to three times the size of the original bullet .
tr	NNS	Their psychic abilities proved a sufficient weapon against us , helping them evade capture .
tr	NN	""" That hunter wanted you awfully bad ."
tr	NNS	Things needed to move .
tr	NN	Some instinct makes me crouch behind Lucien , hugging him , trying to locate the entry wound and stem the bleeding .
tr	NNS	"Lots of feel good stories . """
tr	NNS	What would Ronan 's fans think if they discovered she was an imposter ?
tr	NNS	Others shot up as if punched by an underground giant .
tr	NNS	Maks paused and sipped his drink .
tr	NN	His fingers swirl over my cl * t and I grab onto his bicep , my head flying back for another swirl .
tr	NN	Without being asked , Jazz got on her hands and knees and fished the gun out from under the car .
tr	NNS	A dozen or so small brown insects scurried for safety .
tr	NNS	The alligators anticipated the show is about to get better .
tr	NN	If she sat any straighter in that seat , her spine would snap .
tr	NNS	Unless Jasmine could uncover some real evidence , chances were good she 'd never know .
tr	NN	The author takes you to this horrible place , this post-apocalyptic world , and then he makes it worse and worse .
tr	NNS	The sweatpants were too long and the sweatshirt was too big and the poncho came nearly to my knees .
tr	NNS	No more worries flitted through her brain as his mouth and hands stoked the fire building up within her .
tr	NNS	My actions had put myself , and consequently , Finn , in danger .
tr	NN	If we could just get out of here ... The glint of a new blade caught the corner of my eye .
tr	NN	The fleet command loved him and his record was spotless .
tr	NN	' A tearful reunion , you brought home the prodigal daughter , and we all lived happily ever after . '
tr	NNS	As we began to realise she was serious our jaws became unhinged !
tr	NNS	Their tongues danced , long , open-mouthed kisses she drowned in .
tr	NNS	The two shrinks were leading the way .
tr	NN	There was a teeny , tiny creak .
tr	NN	My career keeps me on the road .
tr	NNS	No zombies were near me .
tr	NN	A hulk of a man stood before me , not the skinny guy I 'd been speaking to .
tr	NN	The soup proved to be a flavorful lentil , and each spoonful tasted like heaven .
tr	NNS	Rawlings grabbed his coat .
tr	NNS	Reyes rolled his eyes .
tr	NNS	Witches , if they could do this to me , can I not do it to you ? '
tr	NNS	After all , most creatures could make good eating .
tr	NNS	Her own actions of heavy drinking throughout the evening only confirmed the trap she 'd now set for herself .
tr	NNS	""" Two situations offer themselves ."
tr	NN	""" I 'm sad to see you go , "" the landlord said when I told him of my plans to move out ."
tr	NNS	Darkness pools in the pit of my stomach , feeding ravenously on my fear .
tr	NNS	Girls , guys , girls , guys , in flocks until the house looked like some frat party I should be enjoying much more than I was .
tr	NN	""" Oh , hey , honey ... come here ."
tr	NNS	"The items they serve out at Burbage are sometimes ... questionable . """
tr	NN	The principal gestured to the two empty chairs across from them .
tr	NNS	Every Saturday evening , the church members would gather at the church building and park their cars along the streets .
tr	NN	The offense , almost shut out by a weak Milan team three days earlier , now seemed capable of scoring at will .
tr	NNS	"Checking out hotels , restaurants , vacant buildings or anywhere the usual ones go . """
tr	NNS	The triangles knew quite a bit of the nature of war and fighting , but they had never practiced it , and were clearly at a disadvantage .
tr	NNS	Decorated in glitter , the posters had letters that spelled out things like FIRE AND ICE BALL and TICKETS ON SALE !
tr	NNS	The planets aligned in his favor .
tr	NN	Without warning , the dizziness hit Rafe harder .
tr	NNS	"Girls aren 't the only ones who look after their friends . """
tr	NNS	""" Things will work out ."
tr	NNS	The goblins watched them , and us , from a tight huddled knot , as if they weren 't sure whose side they were on .
tr	NNS	Lots of middle-class Americans just couldn 't relax around vamps .
tr	NN	""" What is the status of the negotiations ? """
tr	NN	The rocking silver tube slowed , and the train hissed at yet another stop .
tr	NN	The powers Daemon had given me when he mutated me .
tr	NNS	The cobwebs she saw in her dreams lay around everywhere .
tr	NN	With the rank of Sergeant came the honor of leading Marines in combat .
tr	NNS	The rods were twice the length of an adult hand .
tr	NNS	Here , the professors were imposing and powerful , and it was unthinkable not to meet their high expectations .
tr	NNS	The female members of the bride 's family had gathered early in the morning in Lilly Ann 's house to help her with her personal preparations .
tr	NN	Now there was some pep in his step .
tr	NNS	Two figures stood in the shadows nearby .
tr	NN	As the knight brought down his spear , the tip became detached and went flying through the air .
tr	NNS	As far as I know , all the planets that use the language are purely agrarian or mining and don 't produce electronic goods .
tr	NN	"The Master has forbidden it from the first . """
tr	NNS	"Words fail me ! """
tr	NNS	The warning signs had all been there .
tr	NNS	"Normally , our troop levels at Scott would 've been half what they were . """
tr	NNS	Basic practices and ideologies do change from coven to coven though .
tr	NNS	And again , until peculiar markings began to take shape .
tr	NN	The half-smile that curved the stern lines of his mouth made the concession worth it .
tr	NN	""" And I think he knows what I am , "" the angel declared ."
tr	NN	Her hair had lost its shine and it was cut short , hacked was a better description .
tr	NNS	The colorful pillows perfectly arranged .
tr	NN	""" Okay , the buck stops here . """
tr	NNS	The locks slammed viciously after him and the passage was sealed off .
tr	NNS	There were multiple storage cabinets and a big sink .
tr	NN	One circumstance added plausibility .
tr	NNS	Two tunnels descended into the asteroid , one on either end of Erebus Station .
tr	NN	The chip itself was a fabulous success and not just because of its low price .
tr	NN	""" But your career , your business - "" "" Don 't mean a damn thing without you ."
tr	NNS	Families don 't do much together anymore .
tr	NN	My belly sank to my toes .
tr	NNS	Her expressions betrayed her acceptance .
tr	NN	In fact discipline , or the need for it , seemed to be missing .
tr	NN	However , with all this growth , our ranch remained the same , aging a bit , but the same .
tr	NNS	Questions for which I might have to Look to find answers .
tr	NN	A magical affinity between object and likeness , between being and symbol , underlies all symbol systems .
tr	NNS	""" And mothers and sons , "" Daemon added ."
tr	NNS	The images came fast and crazily , until at last they finally slowed and stopped .
tr	NN	The injured shooter rolled around the ground wailing for a few moments whilst Breedlove and the tall man gazed at one another in utter silence .
tr	NN	' It 's more of a calling , ' Prophet said .
tr	NNS	Images of Draco on his knees gasping for air ran through me .
tr	NN	And unlike earlier , the liquid that filled my lungs this time overtook me .
tr	NN	This very Self is indeed That which you are seeking .
tr	NNS	""" Where are the other documents ? """
tr	NNS	There weren 't many couples seeking the enjoyment of a Times Square outing .
tr	NNS	Both decks were missing their one-eyed kings , because we 'd decided the cards held secret codes and deserved saving .
tr	NNS	The authorities in District 13 were against my coming back .
tr	NN	Marlborough College 's most famous graduate these days was the former Kate Middleton , Duchess of Cambridge , who would mostly likely be queen one day .
tr	NNS	Onstage , three crosses had been erected .
tr	NNS	Girls start keeping it short and the boys make sure it all looks really expensive .
tr	NN	Each thrust sent me to new heights .
tr	NNS	Aviator goggles rimmed with inductor coils winked , creating enigmas within mysteries .
tr	NN	The healing chant stopped abruptly at her softly spoken words .
tr	NN	The priest lifted his pipe in resignation before putting it in his mouth .
tr	NN	""" Great language recall and usage ."
tr	NNS	Again , north of the river the hills resumed , stepping back up again into the high-rise jungle of downtown .
tr	NN	""" The lord ordered our investigating team to catch him ."
tr	NNS	Dogs ran out barking as they approached .
tr	NNS	Better than these though : These movies are not helping little girls grow up to fend for themselves .
tr	NN	The British accent stated that its solar panels were receiving sunlight .
tr	NN	But his body language spoke volumes .
tr	NNS	"No , really , there were indications before that . """
tr	NNS	Others in the village were even more indifferent to the actual sufferings of people they had never met .
tr	NNS	The edges of her lips turned up into a mischievous smile .
tr	NNS	The androids were the supervisors .
tr	NNS	Further west , the hills rose higher and higher , until they became the mountains of the Pennines .
tr	NN	""" Ask him where he is , "" Chance said quietly ."
tr	NN	""" There 's a transport tube just past the elevators by the rear exit ."
tr	NNS	Words had always amused her , and a lack of flesh to laugh with did not seem to diminish that amusement .
tr	NN	Now that they were no longer touching the hunger began to kick in again .
tr	NNS	His eyelids closed slightly as he examined the stranger 's face .
tr	NNS	Our shares were double that , and we gave up half of ours to them .
tr	NNS	The tentacles of his past actions held him trapped in this alliance now , and he had little choice but to play along .
tr	NN	""" It is as you said , no success shall go unpunished . """
tr	NN	' That theory ... about why we ... eat the brain ... ' She starts to shake her head .
tr	NN	After throwing a dart at the dartboard , JJ finds my eyes for a sec , then looks away .
tr	NNS	The nurses were probably all swooning at his feet .
tr	NN	Your degree will help me get the office straightened out .
tr	NNS	""" And what are your suggestions , Mr. Chairman ? """
tr	NNS	Strangers still terrified me , but he wasn 't a stranger .
tr	NNS	All the American banks complied .
tr	NNS	Just being millimeters from Elliot 's radiating warmth , my chills vanished .
tr	NN	A coin snapped against the wooden railing .
tr	NN	The commander glared until the man looked away .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails dug into his face , not enough to hurt but enough to hold .
tr	NN	And as her breath was stolen from her , madness took hold and the burning craft , her new home , disappeared as well .
tr	NNS	The goblins carried in piles of wood and lit bonfires to light the darkening mountainside .
tr	NN	My grandma had had a thing for lighthouses and the bathroom was done in a clearly nautical motif .
tr	NNS	These gems , when strung together , began to paint a bleak picture .
tr	NNS	""" Mostly ports , Lisbon , Sevilla , Le Havre , Portsmouth , places like that . """
tr	NNS	Reyes wagged his finger .
tr	NN	His aura started flickering to that black color again .
tr	NNS	Where she walks the tiles blister .
tr	NN	A tube led from the bag hanging on the pole to a needle that disappeared into a vein in her right forearm .
tr	NNS	Why , years ago , before I was born , most supernaturals considered all werewolves basically animals .
tr	NN	An enormous flatscreen TV hung on the wall above a fireplace with a quartet of plush chairs centered in front of it .
tr	NN	His relaxed posture and collected demeanor provided a stark contrast to my own composure .
tr	NN	""" Cassie , "" Adam 's grandmother said again ."
tr	NNS	The man 's professional loyalties were no more constant than those he offered the women he bedded and discarded with the morning paper .
tr	NN	The command was barely off his lips when Kane obeyed , letting go and dropping back on the street .
tr	NNS	"All the old fears - they 're back , aren 't they ? """
tr	NN	Our infantry , though outnumbered , are highly motivated and better trained than the rebel draftees .
tr	NN	The confirmation from their own minds before the execution was only a formality .
tr	NN	The doorknob wiggled , bringing relief .
tr	NN	Our reunion , much similar to other recent ones , was quite stoic and reserved , as with each time we met the more apart we grew .
tr	NN	Desperation to see if her dream became reality , or if she was going insane , ruled her .
tr	NN	Zeke 's growl worried Peyton .
tr	NN	""" My master bequeathed the name ' Darth Sidious ' to me upon completion of my training ."
tr	NNS	Further attempts to resuscitate him had gone for naught .
tr	NN	The soil may have stopped the worst of the bleeding , but it didn 't take away the pain of torn flesh .
tr	NNS	The gangs had long before crashed in through the door and taken over the lobby .
tr	NN	Just then , the cub lunges onto the doctor 's pant leg and starts climbing .
tr	NNS	The scenes played out in my mind , continuously .
tr	NNS	Her creatures stepped back when she came toward me .
tr	NN	""" Apparently , the twelve limit on time travel is too much ."
tr	NNS	Animals are your only other option .
tr	NN	Every nerve in her body screamed out against opening it , but she fought through the intense panic and turned the knob .
tr	NN	Then a greater spider appeared , larger and blacker , who enveloped the first in loving threads to smother out her being .
tr	NNS	""" Can the siblings at least sit in the back together ?"
tr	NN	The lack of sleep and excitement were catching up on him .
tr	NN	Chance lunged across that bar , moving faster than a striking snake .
tr	NNS	""" Proper young ladies do not gawk . """
tr	NNS	""" Not at all , detective work isn 't all about science , intuition counts for a lot at times ."
tr	NNS	The cells stop screaming .
tr	NN	"The witness may answer . """
tr	NNS	"Our competitors are beating the shirts off our backs . """
tr	NNS	The meetings grew longer and longer .
tr	NNS	Others whispered that Seguin had married the girl to spite Beth when he had found out that she had married another .
tr	NNS	""" 200 acres to the first one who gets a girl to the altar and marries her ."
tr	NN	""" Nice pit , Henderson , "" Dane raves , as he starts to stack the wood inside the pit to be burned ."
tr	NNS	The floors and walls begin to rattle then shake violently .
tr	NN	The static abruptly stopped .
tr	NNS	""" The fullness of time is within the fullness of the moon ... "" Michael mused ."
tr	NNS	the duchess said in her usual , gentle voice .
tr	NNS	Supposedly the legends had said it was a gift given freely from a Unicorn to a repay an act of kindness made by a benevolent traveler .
tr	NN	The small lamp beside the bed spilled light across her face .
tr	NN	The more he talked , the more Dwayne liked him and his ideas .
tr	NN	The medic who stitched up Frank 's lip made such a mess of it that he was left with a permanent scar .
tr	NNS	Moses watches her as she hands the knife to him through the bars of his cell .
tr	NNS	"Those banks generally don 't carry as much cash , but they usually don 't have as many security guards , either . """
tr	NN	There was only an insignificant , inch long , slightly glistening , pinkish scar .
tr	NN	But you needn , t worry about this .
tr	NN	My only condition is that you don 't interrupt me while I 'm talking .
tr	NN	The master wasn 't in any mood for it .
tr	NNS	Traditional Santa hats adorned their heads .
tr	NN	Thus felt a degree of gratitude .
tr	NN	So if these explosions were all aircraft , my theory is that every aircraft in the sky acted like my coffee machine .
tr	NNS	Others may think it strange he did not require sustenance .
tr	NN	Simple , that was , until Kincaid sought them out .
tr	NN	His broad stature skidded past Lyssa to Toby 's truck .
tr	NN	"The audience was shouting "" bravo "" and "" encore . """
tr	NN	But the flinch was the only thing Alexei got from him .
tr	NNS	The winds were invisible to the others down below .
tr	NNS	Lots of other things a lot of kids aren 't getting .
tr	NNS	Where were her sandals ?
tr	NN	If anything happens to the only child , there 's no backup .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter , with his senses dulled from the odorous assault , lazily hopped back after the creature had already landed .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're having a psycho reunion this week ... Oh wait , it 's Mardi Gras .
tr	NN	( A classic landlord trick to catch you with that forbidden pet dog or the mess of last night 's party ) .
tr	NNS	"The possibilities are endless . """
tr	NN	"Our ransom money demand is actually , only , about a few dozens . """
tr	NNS	"The other documents should prove you are in no way pressured to make the best of it for anybody else 's sake but yours . """
tr	NNS	Screams of pain filled my ears , and the fresh scent of spilled blood wasn 't helping my thinking process any .
tr	NN	The receptionist led me to the polished mahogany door of his office .
tr	NNS	There were too many hypotheticals to run through , too many possibilities , too many potential choices .
tr	NN	The assessment was a big deal .
tr	NNS	His thumbs flicked the peaks back and forth while his mouth moved downward to kiss her belly .
tr	NN	Maybe the pup had been the product of a one-night stand , and she 'd been out somewhere , had the baby , and freaked out .
tr	NNS	The whispers were louder as he headed back to the patrol car .
tr	NN	Even the musk of his sweat was intoxicating .
tr	NN	The tube drifted downward slowly in the ship 's quarter gravity .
tr	NNS	Then , the senior associates and partners do the dirty work .
tr	NN	The jukebox started to play another tune .
tr	NN	The quick swish of her tush in her snug jeans drew his gaze like a train wreck .
tr	NNS	Although she couldn 't see them , the frost wraiths ' stinging bites penetrated the skin on her fingers and toes .
tr	NN	A new stab of fear pierced him .
tr	NNS	The servants who were her slaves were there as well , lapping the blood from those dank stones .
tr	NNS	There were no street signs to tell Mac where he was .
tr	NN	"Not wil ing to talk to anyone . """
tr	NNS	The front seats and the glove compartment held nothing unusual .
tr	NNS	Carefully packed contents fell in piles preventing the door from closing .
tr	NNS	The fairies stopped eating and bared their pointy teeth .
tr	NNS	The guard 's footsteps faded into silence .
tr	NNS	The wolves knew he was out on the grounds and had come close to visit him .
tr	NN	The oracle stood on top of the water , as if the pool was only an inch deep .
tr	NNS	Maks moved straight to Anastasia .
tr	NN	A crop of golden beans are very expensive to purchase which are utilized in food stuffs such like soups , sauces , meats and breads .
tr	NNS	Day leaned against the wall , thumbs looped loosely in his jeans pockets , and waited for her to finish .
tr	NNS	Others moved on to seemingly easier foes .
tr	NN	Luna 's pulse skyrocketed at Janet 's implication , but she shook her head and adopted a businesslike tone .
tr	NNS	Such scenes only played out in movies and books , not real life .
tr	NNS	For her , pancakes were quite the luxury .
tr	NNS	All characters are works of fiction and any names or characteristics similar to any person past , present or future are coincidental .
tr	NN	""" The healer is near ."
tr	NNS	And there were other signs .
tr	NNS	The courts thought his violence to be a gross overreaction and tried to charge him .
tr	NNS	Maks and two others accomplished the task while two men stood guard .
tr	NN	The purple silk nightgown caressed her skin .
tr	NNS	' My colleagues locked every door in this hospital manually via the computer system earlier this evening , except for yours of course .
tr	NN	The sub slipped between massive clumps of green weed which rocked to and fro as they passed .
tr	NN	The perpetrator sat here and waited for his victim ?
tr	NN	A hail of bludgeon blows went crashing through the brassy ranks of foes .
tr	NN	The colonel arched an eyebrow .
tr	NNS	Well congratulations , babe , it worked .
tr	NN	The sheriff followed closely behind , and the posse , one after the other followed behind them .
tr	NN	""" Since when does the FBI hire vampires ? """
tr	NN	Her beautiful off-the-shoulder couture gown flowed elegantly down the stairs as all eyes focused on her and the beauty she was .
tr	NNS	Thoughts ticked over time and I came back to home .
tr	NNS	All my bras I had before were no-nonsense , plain things that served their purpose .
tr	NNS	Lights flickered beyond the dirty windows .
tr	NNS	Shattered bits of stone peppered him as Cole fell flat .
tr	NNS	The virgins were all jogging in place and reading Wittgenstein .
tr	NNS	The strings parted , and something accelerated away , towards the snow and the stars .
tr	NN	"The reflection : "" Why should we ... ? """
tr	NNS	Maybe there are ladies close by .
tr	NN	The gleam is in his eye .
tr	NNS	Sadness beat through me .
tr	NNS	His eyelids grew heavy , complete exhaustion setting in .
tr	NNS	The twins were listening , in spite of continuing to scoop globs of ice cream into their mouths .
tr	NN	A long kissing session then followed and they slowly sank down onto the sofa .
tr	NN	This sexual ease wasn 't something I 'd picked up , and Dorian knew it .
tr	NNS	The two warriors ran toward the forest as fast as they could , with hope that they would find the last two dragons still napping .
tr	NN	Ghost didn 't argue .
tr	NN	Emelia followed them through with a sense of foreboding , her slender form unnoticed in the panic .
tr	NN	This time his h * ps jerked and I heard his growl emanating low from his throat .
tr	NN	Her friend 's scowl deepened .
tr	NNS	The best lies always had a hint of truth .
tr	NN	A layer of plastic covered the rest and once inside , I would be able to see if the roof was glass or plastic .
tr	NN	""" At least , "" he added in a louder voice , "" this forbidding is no hardship in such a world as yours . """
tr	NNS	""" Names have power . """
tr	NN	The priest held out a stick wrapped in a cloth .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut as I topple inside .
tr	NN	""" A bullet that would 've surely smacked you in the back and done some damage . """
tr	NNS	Two passengers had volunteered and four were bumped by random selection .
tr	NN	A raven launches out of the snow beside the shed , croaking bitterly .
tr	NN	Warren paced around , hands in his pockets , serious and stiff , a wrinkle between his eyebrows .
tr	NNS	Gabe was on his knees , his innards spilling out of a giant tear in his mid-section .
tr	NNS	The other ladies giggled , pretending to be frightened , pretending to be shocked .
tr	NN	The dwarf didn 't talk much due to her voice , which had been ruined years ago when she 'd been forced to breathe in elemental Fire .
tr	NN	""" Well , there will be repercussions for this , I can assure you , "" the Louisiana ' observer ' threatened ."
tr	NNS	Still , when Cristina turned to look at him , her hopes were already rising in the new shine in her eyes .
tr	NNS	Names and characters are the product of the author 's imagination and any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
tr	NN	Her partner is short and untidy but exceptionally fast .
tr	NNS	Our kisses were more desperate now .
tr	NN	Obviously , the beating he took while being questioned has taken its toll on the scientist .
tr	NN	"An era with no disease , no war , no rich or poor , no -- "" "" No humans at all ."
tr	NNS	"Girls are disgusting . """
tr	NN	""" Chance told me that his dad found me a car for two thousand dollars . """
tr	NN	""" What was that chuckle for ? """
tr	NNS	Looks like a barge , and probably sails like one .
tr	NN	""" The bastard went through the back bushes before I even got outside . """
tr	NNS	Egwene hesitated , still looking over the Sitters , their seats arranged around the outer platform , equally spaced .
tr	NN	""" Lie still , "" he murmured , and she thought she heard a hint of laughter in his voice ."
tr	NN	A single lamp hangs from the ceiling , the flickering fire emitting a purplish glow .
tr	NN	Each possessive stroke of his hand claimed me has his .
tr	NN	The maid answered without looking up .
tr	NNS	Brand-new instincts took over , her teeth sinking deep , and he flowed into her like nectar .
tr	NNS	The fans went wild .
tr	NN	The therapist explained everything to us : She hasn 't lived a normal life .
tr	NNS	Maybe the wolves are a better choice after all , no matter what they intend to do with me .
tr	NNS	The two carts sped off down the steeped path and whizzed by a few trees sporadically lining the descent here and there .
tr	NNS	The other couples sit huddled together talking or under blankets .
tr	NNS	There were signs of activity on the other side too , behind the building .
tr	NNS	A fierceness entered her voice that made the engineer take a step back .
tr	NN	There was resolve on her face , in the depths of her eyes .
tr	NN	A veil seemed to pass over his face , and in the next instant his expression was back to the normal mask of amused contempt .
tr	NNS	The hotel , restaurants and marina golf course opened a week earlier and the early feedback from players was positive .
tr	NNS	The blank spaces where churches once stood are empty pockets of brightness against the blackness of buildings .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps behind me .
tr	NNS	7 millions hits came back .
tr	NN	The quantum encryption software they were working on back then was so far advanced that we still use their notes as a guide today .
tr	NN	The cowboy gave the lawyer an icy glare .
tr	NNS	Two shadowy figures sat behind the tinted windshield .
tr	NNS	"Let 's go downstairs and talk a little business , but keep in mind , there are no free lunches . """
tr	NN	Then one LED turned green .
tr	NNS	The cousins gingerly stepped out on to this doubtful looking surface .
tr	NN	A large skeleton recoils the savage attack , taking a difficult step forward to attempt another .
tr	NN	There was no mistaking that pale skin , those intense gray eyes .
tr	NN	"Instead of answering her strange question , he told her , "" My ad wasn 't a joke . """
tr	NNS	The remaining zombies were now only a few yards away and she was starting to get nervous again .
tr	NN	A bullet clipped my ear as I jumped up .
tr	NNS	Souls of all their kind sung in a harmony that only Heaven could provide .
tr	NN	She slowly sat up and hugged her knees , ducking her head and swiping her hands under her eyes , feeling mascara crusted around her lashes .
tr	NN	A sharp tip on the end revealed itself , and it began to glow .
tr	NN	In fact , the only Hartley she knew about was the brother .
tr	NN	The courtyard is empty .
tr	NN	A little restoration would do wonders , just like the mansion .
tr	NNS	Our classmates laugh with delight as that taboo word drifts through the air like some smoke from one of Emerson 's cigarettes .
tr	NNS	"How ... err , how has it . . ? """
tr	NNS	The grains were still hot from the midday zenith and burned his hands as he tried to scramble up the slope .
tr	NNS	When Iraq invaded Kuwait and triggered the start of the Gulf War , the letters had slowed .
tr	NN	Her goal was to become a partner in Harper Investigations .
tr	NNS	So the tentacles were buoyant , and from the effort Jason had to put in to hold this one underwater , extremely buoyant .
tr	NNS	""" The bars are just for show . """
tr	NN	When the pain was gone , its simple lack was a nearly narcotic pleasure of its own .
tr	NN	""" Good , "" The Author said , "" It 's about time you did something useful other than increase my word count ."
tr	NN	A shush was the only response he got .
tr	NNS	His only companions had been the quarry he killed to survive .
tr	NN	The upper tray , designed to hold the doll , was empty .
tr	NN	"The race isn 't big enough for all of us . """
tr	NN	The lieutenant saluted and went out .
tr	NN	The real discovery rested nearby , created by some event , moving further into the ground , deeper and now secret .
tr	NN	""" The priest cannot influence his god for fear of disrupting the future . """
tr	NN	Ahead , a flashlight ignited , spearing the room with a dazzling brightness .
tr	NNS	No more directions were forthcoming .
tr	NN	""" Every last brat will live !"
tr	NNS	"The members of the group will know who you are , where you come from , and will help you to keep that from the public . """
tr	NNS	""" How exactly did two chains break ?"
tr	NNS	Again the cells stops then starts all over again .
tr	NNS	Sadness clouded her expressive features .
tr	NN	Her hand feathered over his hip , surprised to see he 'd managed to free himself of his clothes .
tr	NNS	Folks seemed to accept a black musician more readily than a black parishioner .
tr	NNS	Things will be so much easier once you 've given up .
tr	NNS	Soldiers slipped in the ooze .
tr	NNS	"Your competitors don 't want you to finish development , or even talk about it . """
tr	NNS	The changes spread far behind their little world .
tr	NNS	Visible paw prints of Vancouver Island wolves lined the pathway in the crumbly brown soil , showing the strategies of how the wolves hunted the night before .
tr	NNS	Even though , she had to admit , the woman 's cookies were completely amazing .
tr	NN	From beneath the platform , the ship 's prow appeared .
tr	NN	""" Too bad your mate killed him . """
tr	NN	The accent he used was clearly West Country .
tr	NNS	The creatures were on top of him .
tr	NNS	Some tentative offers came Richard 's way but he refused them knowing they 'd progress no further than other bands he 'd signed .
tr	NNS	Reyes tossed a quick glance over his shoulder .
tr	NN	""" What 's the progress of the Trojans ? """
tr	NN	The cub , who would maintain his human form until about age three or four , had dark hair like Sean , and gray eyes like Andrea .
tr	NN	Thinking about it still makes me laugh .
tr	NN	The rope hung free again .
tr	NN	The girl was called Elysia , a name Amelia had never heard in all her years .
tr	NNS	Once I 'd gotten past my initial rage , my homicidal instincts had cooled .
tr	NN	The notion of someone bringing another back from the dead was not one that meshed well with my religious beliefs .
tr	NN	""" My uncle will be here by six , he never misses a meal , especially when I 'm cooking . """
tr	NNS	""" Only the fiercest warriors and their women will live up above the rest in these castles , men like myself ... and you , of course ."
tr	NNS	The attendants murmured theatrically .
tr	NNS	"Girls like me don 't go to school . """
tr	NNS	My grandparents are all still alive down in Florida .
tr	NNS	Images and feelings flooded my mind .
tr	NN	The storage compartment was in front of her .
tr	NN	""" Who 's the liar ? """
tr	NNS	Iron bars stretched before him as far as he could see without moving his head .
tr	NN	For the first time , uncertainty began to gnaw its way into him .
tr	NNS	Cardboard boxes were stacked everywhere , their contents identified with marker scrawls : FICTION , POETRY , COOKING , LOCAL INTEREST , ROMANCE .
tr	NNS	Despite his deepest , most courtly bows , at best he could elicit only one word answers to his questions .
tr	NNS	""" And headaches , and aching muscles ... Sounds like we had it about the same ."
tr	NNS	But all the certain facts Jack had possessed about woman had evaporated .
tr	NN	Some nut threw a pie at the missus a few years back .
tr	NN	The difficulty is not being able to think my way to the bottom of this and to prove my case , or even to test it .
tr	NNS	""" My designs are going to be featured in WWD ! """
tr	NNS	"The hounds I used to own would never shut up , and they raced after anything with a scent . """
tr	NNS	Yet does the cosmos need suffering ?
tr	NNS	Now two ladies were missing !
tr	NNS	Flight attendants hug every time they see each other .
tr	NN	The growl was from his beast , one that was never far from the surface these days .
tr	NN	The poor bastard beside him went quiet , and now there was only the sound of the monster devouring its kill .
tr	NN	The knight led his band through one of the six gates , parading proudly across the gore filled arena toward Percival .
tr	NN	It was three years since he 'd sailed into the harbour here too , a deep bay protected by arching breakwaters of stone filled with sand .
tr	NN	Obviously a fan of creature comforts , judging by the custom home , the appliances and all the luxury items .
tr	NNS	The mattress appeared to have been filled with a mixture of straw and feathers , providing a surface that was remarkably lumpy and poked at the skin .
tr	NNS	Also , there are still many villages left up north .
tr	NN	""" Hey ... no offense intended ."
tr	NNS	There were some scraps of wood at the back of the cave which he gathered into a pile .
tr	NN	I leaned my head back , my bravado not flinching under his displeased gaze .
tr	NN	There were plans brewing inside him , and Pussy knew they weren 't good plans .
tr	NNS	Her fans violently adore her .
tr	NNS	The red and black materials spilled and the burner fell onto them .
tr	NNS	Everyone started zipping up their backpacks , loud whispers spread through the room as the end of class was approaching .
tr	NNS	Don 't those lousy , no-good Americans know that I am helping them ?
tr	NN	The cold lack of conversation continued , until Antonia 's mind settled a bit and she could speak .
tr	NN	""" No magical grocery list . """
tr	NN	The hideously masked soldiers stopped at an imaginary line not far away and slowly advanced forward .
tr	NN	A blog page on an internet site filled the screen as Skylar perused the information .
tr	NNS	The servants each stopped what they were doing and kneeled down , staring at the floor .
tr	NN	The umbrella from our little bistro table on the wide sidewalk casts a shadow across my shoulders , and I almost shiver .
tr	NN	""" My favourite book ? """
tr	NNS	His echolocation skills were the most helpful while he was in bat form .
tr	NN	In that instant , the freighter skipped into the first thin surface of Pandora 's atmosphere .
tr	NNS	Soldiers are dumping everything in the harbour .
tr	NN	""" There 's a metal panel on the underside of the machine ."
tr	NN	Even during the winter a trickle of Rus and other Viking tribesmen arrived from the north .
tr	NNS	He exchanges glances with Zeph .
tr	NN	""" Eleazar , "" the leader said ."
tr	NN	She felt her soul evaporating like vapors under the hot sun , a sacrifice to the sun god himself .
tr	NNS	All the rehearsed speeches went straight out of her head .
tr	NNS	Words didn 't seem to cover it .
tr	NN	"Death when it comes will be quick . """
tr	NNS	Sun Good 's detective instincts warned her about Shane 's behavior .
tr	NN	' You Are Allowed Autonomous Movement Within The City And Environs , ' the golem rumbled .
tr	NNS	the male members of the squadron sent almost at once .
tr	NN	This staircase , however , leads somewhere .
tr	NN	The ranch was big enough that you could get lost if you didn 't know where you were going .
tr	NN	Love had been on her mind .
tr	NNS	There were Twyla 's paintings , all blobby blue skies and violently green grass and red houses with four square windows .
tr	NNS	Outside the smiling military goons pushed the still smoking cannon back into the corner of the hall .
tr	NN	Then comes a sudden jab of red-hot memory and all this ' commonsense ' vanishes like an ant in the mouth of a furnace .
tr	NN	The bubbling gas slowed to a sputter .
tr	NNS	""" There are several seats still available for tonight though . """
tr	NNS	Shock slams into my chest and fury turns my vision red .
tr	NN	Not if the Assembly votes to put you in command of the city .
tr	NNS	"His experiences are probably what 's made him so successful . """
tr	NNS	Words I didn 't realize would hurt so much when spoken .
tr	NN	The kindness in his voice hurt ; she turned slowly , and looked at him across the room .
tr	NNS	His minions had not kept the ancient occupied .
tr	NN	"How 's that compare to three ? """
tr	NN	An altar covered in blood .
tr	NNS	Informative posters clinging to the walls displayed what exactly people were paying fifty cents to look at .
tr	NNS	The magic users who 'd been left on duty ran a wide gamut of powers .
tr	NN	The agent smiled politely while dismissing the offer as much too low .
tr	NNS	Stacks and stacks of scrolls , ledgers , and loose papers filled the other chamber .
tr	NNS	Others sometimes became careless and left forensic clues that the police found but kept to themselves for fear of panicking the public .
tr	NNS	The two small hills are under a kilometer from the landing site .
tr	NN	"That bitch just won 't give up . """
tr	NNS	Freaks , Duncan heard in his head , almost like she whispered it .
tr	NNS	And eggs , ' added Doodle , his eyes lighting up excitedly .
tr	NN	You would think with such broad criteria the shopping would be simple , but oh no .
tr	NN	Her pulse raced , and her breath came quickly as she reached for something , anything at all , that might allow her to get her bearings .
tr	NN	The mumbling in the room increased again .
tr	NN	The examiner found extremely high amounts of diazepam in her bloodstream .
tr	NN	""" I don , t like it ."
tr	NN	""" The pilot 's dead ."
tr	NN	"Anger and frustration had lashed out of her , "" What the hell do you mean you need to surf in order to be happy ? """
tr	NNS	Questions whirled in his eyes and she waited for him to ask .
tr	NNS	The edges of the tiny island crumbled a little more .
tr	NN	A ruthless gleam answered her .
tr	NNS	Her sobs were loud at first .
tr	NNS	But there were always deaths in this manner .
tr	NN	""" ' It 's where our ancestors are buried , a slave graveyard ."
tr	NNS	Those hideous creatures lived inside her , she knew , and she had infected Nicolae .
tr	NNS	The colors are so vibrant and alive .
tr	NNS	I pointedly did not ask him anything judgmental -- what had he been eating , had he ignored warning signs , etc. .
tr	NNS	Werewolves could move about freely during the day , something the vampires would never be able to do .
tr	NN	The flea treatment would have to be applied to the floor , all the furniture and shelving , the computer , Ben 's newspapers and me .
tr	NNS	Alexis followed after him , but he had driven away quickly in his car .
tr	NNS	Several cavernous openings led away in all directions .
tr	NNS	Screams from the paparazzi , the fans , and I do believe a few whistles from the celebrities in the car as well .
tr	NNS	The stakes really were high .
tr	NNS	Both ladies turned and stared at me .
tr	NNS	"Werewolves usually mate for life but only if they 're true mates will a symbol appear somewhere on their body . """
tr	NN	A trickle of blood ran from a wound at the corner of his eye .
tr	NN	There was a plaque with Abe 's picture on it was on the wall of the main entrance .
tr	NN	The colony needs attractions just as any does .
tr	NNS	The duchess lifted her brows and smiled .
tr	NNS	The strings howled as he gripped the guitar 's neck and flung it into the darkness .
tr	NNS	The hues and depths were more profound , and the paper texture common with that of a later time period .
tr	NN	That little nugget had dashed any hopes she had had of overpowering or outsmarting her captor in a one-on-one meeting .
tr	NNS	Our trials had only begun .
tr	NN	""" Give me that green one , "" the homicide investigator directed me ."
tr	NNS	came the King 's anxious question , only something vital would send the man into the throne room against all orders to the contrary .
tr	NNS	""" Things like what ? """
tr	NN	Periodically , gunfire sounded from the direction of the saloon .
tr	NN	There was a scar across the palm of his hand , too , looking new and harsh .
tr	NNS	Fortunately , the zombies wobbling by ignored us .
tr	NN	"And the neighbor said - "" "" Who was from Ireland ? """
tr	NN	The Catholic guilt immediately slipped into her soul .
tr	NNS	The solar cells and extra battery stayed beautifully in place while traversing 8km of random terrain .
tr	NNS	Proper studios have thirty-two or more .
tr	NN	""" The unit is for sale , but I have yet to get the name of the client ."
tr	NNS	Girls screeched and elbowed each other in front of me .
tr	NN	The tapping grew closer .
tr	NNS	In fact , her movements actually appeared frightened .
tr	NN	""" You should have something to eat , my lord , "" she said when she saw him sway ."
tr	NNS	My little cousins were slipping through the door one by one and crowding around us .
tr	NN	His only consolation had been the fact that she was safe , unharmed .
tr	NNS	The knife sails over Antonio 's gun and outstretched arm , slicing into his throat and knocking him backwards onto the floor .
tr	NNS	The repairs will not hold forever .
tr	NN	""" Your honesty is a gift , Rube , even if it hurts people ."
tr	NN	Reality always triumphed over dreams .
tr	NNS	In September 1799 U.S.S. Insurgent vanished , a 36 gun French built warship with 340 crew .
tr	NNS	Now the whispers turned into loud screams .
tr	NN	The Lunar colony is man 's frontier not just physically , but psychologically , too .
tr	NN	Its prow crashed into the dock , shaking the whole wharf .
tr	NNS	The footsteps in the hall were closer now .
tr	NNS	The white blood cells need to be harvested from the tigers in the lab .
tr	NNS	At that exact time the monitors registered a normal rate for all aspects of his condition being observed .
tr	NN	A splinter of doubt pricked her certainty .
tr	NNS	Kris wiped the spittle from his face .
tr	NNS	Our top halves emerged , the morning air slightly chill against my wet skin .
tr	NNS	Others moped , slumping against the bars .
tr	NNS	So his classmates learned quickly not to challenge him physically .
tr	NN	Her bosom heaved twice before she spoke .
tr	NNS	Things were going well , too , until he got to the essay question .
tr	NNS	Fun drinks were a novelty she 'd never experienced .
tr	NNS	My eyelids parted as I stared through cracked eyes .
tr	NNS	How in the world were those three siblings ?
tr	NN	As she sat there pondering , the captain came out and sat next to her on the garden bench , startling her .
tr	NNS	Then , he presses play to show the gun going off .
tr	NN	The sheriff is thinking about it .
tr	NNS	The rain drops fell around him , forming expanding ripples in the green veil of energy that surrounded him .
tr	NN	The rippling cascade would challenge any motion detectors .
tr	NNS	Sting operations , raids , ambushes ... Aside from being strongly discouraged because of their inevitable attention-grabbing value , they weren 't in Alec 's repertoire .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , DNA tests tended to involve needles and poking , which he didn 't think would do much to improve Bradley 's current disposition .
tr	NN	""" What the bloody hell , "" the first mate swore as she bit him ."
tr	NNS	My eyelids are like blinds on broken rollers .
tr	NNS	Things were looking worse again .
tr	NNS	Two pirates crisscrossed down the ship towards me .
tr	NN	"The only real immortality is doing something worth remembering . """
tr	NN	But his stupidity over Jane Thornton could have jeopardized his position , especially when you discovered that her father had tracked her to his doorstep .
tr	NN	""" Ok , I get it , Ellery , please stop . """
tr	NN	And finally , the upper layer completed what was keenly identified as the horseshoe-shaped St. George 's Harbor .
tr	NNS	At Mesa College , where I studied theatre , the nuances of this land evolved into multiple stories mirroring our own world .
tr	NN	""" Part of me hopes that she 's stil in there somehow ."
tr	NNS	Marius watched him intently -- he would be unable to help if Colton slipped .
tr	NN	The TV was on ; a Wii hummed in front of it , next to an inactive Xbox 360 and a pile of fluorescent green game boxes .
tr	NNS	Moreover , given the planet 's rotation about the sun , calculations for spatial displacement had to be applied as well .
tr	NNS	John 's other grandparents , however , had managed to get there before he was born , and he 'd already been in their arms .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks passed them headed the opposite direction on I-40 .
tr	NNS	The chances of me hitting her again were low , but I was willing to try .
tr	NN	"His weekly cleaner found him this morning and called us . """
tr	NN	The sentiment doubled the arrhythmia problem I was having .
tr	NN	This assistance derived from nothing less then retribution for an indiscretion that occurred many years before .
tr	NN	The castle towered behind us , the lake rippling in front .
tr	NN	"When we opened it the briefcase contained two sealed envelopes , which are here in evidence bags . """
tr	NN	""" Put the weapon down , "" the high priest said ."
tr	NN	Love spread his hands open .
tr	NN	The knight looked back at the men reining in .
tr	NN	The spotlight was very much on them and Susan was fraught with nerves .
tr	NNS	The remaining members of the crowd swarmed the employee 's body .
tr	NNS	""" Nicely done , sir , nicely done , "" Bugs commended ."
tr	NNS	Their companions might never learn of their fates .
tr	NN	My dearest Love , How happy I am to read your letter .
tr	NN	"But hey , if you 're into that kind of stuff , then you 'll get what I 'm talking about . """
tr	NNS	His thumbs traced my ribs , as his palms slid to my sides and worked down to my hips .
tr	NN	""" The map we got will supposedly lead us to it . """
tr	NN	The dwarf grunted her agreement , put down her boxes , and started unpacking them .
tr	NNS	Lightning blazes outside the window , illuminating the room and his bright green eyes .
tr	NNS	Lights ran along the walls ahead of us and the tunnel kept going on like that for some distance .
tr	NNS	Looks like it did a band up job .
tr	NN	When they had their drinks , the dean repeated her praise for Chris 's grace under pressure .
tr	NN	Love and Muddy Puddles Cecily Anne Paterson Published by Cecily Anne Paterson All rights reserved .
tr	NN	"Besides , the lieutenant and I have business , as well . """
tr	NN	A worn , faded rug covers the hard floor and a large , flat screen takes up nearly an entire wall .
tr	NN	The cast-iron pot smashed into the creature 's head , cracking its skull like an egg .
tr	NN	Even if he had wanted to charge Josh , there was no witness to deny the claim of accidental death .
tr	NNS	The chances of us making it across are pretty slim with helmets .
tr	NN	""" The cancer has spread throughout her abdomen ."
tr	NN	There wasn 't a single scar .
tr	NN	The lapping of the water from their wash was regular and seemed to synchronise with his cerebral pulse .
tr	NNS	Waves were running six feet .
tr	NN	The sedative market as a whole continued on , unscathed .
tr	NN	"He could have been here an hour ago , "" replied the former Air Force pilot not getting up ."
tr	NNS	These cameras were so small that they operated in clouds , delivering a constant flow of data .
tr	NNS	""" There are too many sensitive documents . """
tr	NNS	However , the members of the board certainly thought it was just dreadful .
tr	NNS	There were two sharp jolts followed by a rapid deceleration is the plane settled into the water .
tr	NN	Real lightning will strike .
tr	NN	The unease that would not quiet gave her the answer : that was no friendly out there that she was picking up .
tr	NN	My subconscious was a step ahead of me ; images of the two demons materialized .
tr	NNS	""" Total confirmed so far is eight hundred thirty-seven , but don 't worry ."
tr	NN	And then release showered over her , tightening and releasing her muscles , tingling her toes and her flesh and stealing her breath .
tr	NNS	Our testing centers are not working at all .
tr	NNS	Its effects were devastating .
tr	NN	Or when a politician claims to have a love for families , and doesn 't have a secret other family of his own .
tr	NNS	"Things aren 't always obvious . """
tr	NN	The intern wasn 't angry .
tr	NN	His rough manner didn 't exactly soothe my nerves , and I immediately wondered if I 'd made the right choice .
tr	NNS	There were other changes as well .
tr	NNS	Arched tunnels , carved out of the natural stone , spread outward in multiple directions , dimly lit by bare bulbs strung above .
tr	NNS	Here are the chef 's suggestions for next week after we return from our cruise .
tr	NNS	My grandparents say they come from a country of marble hills ; my mother just says they 're from Greece .
tr	NNS	Six targets , attack them .
tr	NNS	On the other , grassy hills and majestic pines swayed gracefully with the ever-changing Atlantic winds .
tr	NNS	Girls like her never notice guys like me and damn me to hell for enjoying her touch and the sound of my name on her lips .
tr	NNS	The floors are mostly marble ; each slab actually the top of a tomb in which various knights had been buried .
tr	NN	A steady pumping of his hips followed , and I managed to lick , suck , and take him deep each time .
tr	NNS	The Jets swooped down , arriving before all but the Racers .
tr	NN	""" The castle has tunnels under it ."
tr	NN	The medic donned the headset .
tr	NN	Another roar tore through the space .
tr	NNS	Though I would never admit it to them , the twins had a point about taking risks .
tr	NN	The cellar was a frightening place when it was dark .
tr	NNS	"My clients would cut me up for spare parts if I tried that on . """
tr	NN	Walking over to the man at the bar , the bar maid asks him if he will talk with them .
tr	NN	The metal tin moved to the beast 's mouth and tilted as it dropped its head back to allow the brown liquid to flow down its throat .
tr	NNS	Other creatures lined the far edge of the pool .
tr	NNS	His eyelids lowered and his expression shifted to one of triumph .
tr	NN	"There , you see , there 's quite a tribe of us from Nazareth and Capernaum and Cana . """
tr	NN	There was a maid , of course , whom I had to credit with all this cleanliness and order .
tr	NN	Maybe he doesn , t know himself what he wants to do yet .
tr	NNS	The fathers ' runes identified the children at court .
tr	NN	""" Why does the medical wing have to be locked ? """
tr	NNS	The wolves started digging at the sides and the back of the trunk .
tr	NNS	The servants nervously watched him come closer and it seemed as if the fire of the torches dimmed as he passed by .
tr	NNS	"Immortals , well ... like , you , can 't be pregnant ? """
tr	NN	Part of me was still standing there , rooted to the spot .
tr	NN	"No other squad will have them anyway . """
tr	NN	"I ' l bring them home . """
tr	NNS	The warriors all fell to one knee before me .
tr	NNS	A few weeks later , after we had finished the exam , our teachers started to distribute the papers .
tr	NNS	""" Your Highness , my staff has spent all night analyzing the Armada 's capabilities for an offensive mobilization ."
tr	NNS	The rats in the Customer Office downstairs left him to it and went home .
tr	NN	The captain was listening in on the conversion .
tr	NNS	Gramps is staring at the untouched pie .
tr	NNS	""" CDs are on the shelf . """
tr	NN	Her partner turned about , and his thin lips drew back from his crooked yellow teeth .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach danced for joy , and I took another sip of champagne to quiet them .
tr	NN	But the manner in which it is done is the problem .
tr	NN	Although my father never explicitly said it , the senator knew that my father thought he was a pussy .
tr	NNS	Looks like I have done just that .
tr	NN	The thick haze that blurred my days now was sometimes confusing .
tr	NNS	Gramps pinches my nose with a grin .
tr	NN	The little zing that went through me when she looked up at me with those big green eyes .
tr	NNS	""" Light ... "" the immortals whispered , dreamy ."
tr	NNS	The leaders would interrogate it , but only if I could save it .
tr	NNS	The couriers slid to his shiny black shoes on their knees , arms stretched above their heads , red pouches extended .
tr	NNS	Agents rushed in every direction , laden down with weapons .
tr	NNS	The next two quarters ' competitors finally trot out , and the twelve organize themselves into a staggered line at one end of the track .
tr	NNS	In this pivotal sequence early in the novel , the main characters are training for a mission that will involve being dropped onto the surface of Venus .
tr	NN	An outline comes into focus .
tr	NN	The priest brought in an extra chair , and he and Jared opened the book .
tr	NNS	Dragons did do that sort of thing on occasion .
tr	NN	"There 's a power cord to go with it as well , but I don 't know if it 'll be any good . """
tr	NN	""" Where 's your uncle ? """
tr	NNS	Waves washed over the deck .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow morning , as the sun devoured the morning fog , Bugs would hold his very life to the test .
tr	NNS	The two figures drifted forward .
tr	NN	A tray of water , cold soup , and black bread was next to the cold table I had been lying on .
tr	NNS	Lots of things she used to say were just to shock me , I think , or to make herself look mysterious and glamorous .
tr	NNS	"Lots of time ... "" he trails off and a tree branch snaps , making me jump ."
tr	NN	"His sensitivity to them rivals Samuel 's . """
tr	NNS	The five members of the Circle sat at their cramped table and got to it .
tr	NNS	The other warriors laughed , as well , but there was unease beneath their mirth .
tr	NN	A subdued rustling denoted the changing of the guard , accompanied both by sighs of relief and resignation .
tr	NNS	The eyelids snapped open and determined purpose glittered at her .
tr	NN	The television was on in the living room , squawking an annoying product jingle that grated on Ice 's raw nerves .
tr	NNS	Her large pronounced cheekbones looked out of proportion .
tr	NN	This highly professional and ruthless criminal organization never quit .
tr	NNS	Endless rows of corn shifted in a gentle breeze beneath the midday sun .
tr	NNS	""" If she called from the States , chances are she 'll show herself soon ."
tr	NNS	Paint spots dotted the floor and most of the walls .
tr	NN	""" Where will the master receive them ? """
tr	NN	There was no honour in a wasteful death , he knew , and he joined those retreating to the fortress , arriving as the gates were closing .
tr	NNS	Things were spiraling out of control , and now she was scared .
tr	NNS	How many nurses or doctors are there ?
tr	NN	The knight stared at her for several moments .
tr	NN	For example , today , Kevin teacher taught introductions .
tr	NN	"Not until he added , "" And I will be riding in them , "" did she seem to comprehend the import of what he was saying ."
tr	NNS	Questions were hurling at us , but the cop started the car and drove away .
tr	NN	His tuxedo fit his body with a negligent elan .
tr	NNS	Two cleaners in neat uniforms were going through the rows of seats , removing the odd paper cup or napkin .
tr	NN	My libido has scoured away my troubles - at least momentarily .
tr	NNS	The cousins descended down a set of steps into the canal .
tr	NNS	""" Your Highness , I trust you 're doing well ? """
tr	NNS	Several feet behind him , the immortals were slowly struggling to their knees .
tr	NN	His fur twined and his eyes widened .
tr	NN	The jaguar nuzzled MaryAnn 's hand .
tr	NNS	"For some reason my fans don 't think of me as a Mike . """
tr	NN	Neither my rank nor my will fit me to be a priest and this pious community strives for nothing other , in me as in themselves .
tr	NN	Chance waved as he went , and I followed him out .
tr	NN	Every hardship I had to endure was worth it .
tr	NN	There 's a sparkle in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Her birthdays had always come and gone without much fanfare .
tr	NN	""" This gentleman just wanted a haircut ."
tr	NNS	The massive gates before us swung open with a groan of hinges badly in need of being oiled .
tr	NN	As they did , a middle-aged gentleman answered and asked how he could be of help .
tr	NNS	His chains now hummed against his neck and chest and he could feel Lily 's excitement .
tr	NN	The corporal had facilitated matters in one other way .
tr	NN	Her h * ps did this delightful little swivel , grinding against him in a way that sucked the air from his lungs .
tr	NNS	The stakes were high and death common .
tr	NNS	No other images of him exist because he had not come to be known among us before he made his choice .
tr	NN	Part of me expected to push through the grass and see Link standing there .
tr	NN	""" Let 's go home , "" the duke said , feeling both cheerful and relieved ."
tr	NNS	The images that rushed through her mind crippled her ability to sustain the levitation and she collapsed against him .
tr	NNS	The gates look locked to me .
tr	NN	"Real y , my lord , those were the last of my samples . """
tr	NN	There in the shimmering sand was a pattern Josie had seen before .
tr	NN	Her braid had come undone , and her hair tumbled over her shoulders , smelling of mint shampoo .
tr	NNS	""" The one Casey lives with ? """
tr	NN	Even wet , the comforter felt so soft and nice to Budda that it seemed a shame to dump it .
tr	NNS	Her companions were different this time .
tr	NN	""" The Prophet fainted in the heat and the wind ."
tr	NN	With great difficulty the tramp sat up and drew a very precise plan of all the concealed water pipes on the blank piece of paper .
tr	NNS	In economics , all realities are countable and we run our companies on the clear cut operative philosophy of counting it faster than others .
tr	NN	The small , jerky whirring of his eyewear intensified as he finished the final stitch .
tr	NN	A campfire appears in front of me .
tr	NNS	The prints were wider than a human foot 's , claws pricking the mud above the toes .
tr	NNS	Rafe woke me twice during the night , his touch and his voice soothing my fears , chasing the nightmares away .
tr	NN	Then the fall crop of hay would be ready to cut and they would return and settle into their new life .
tr	NNS	Hands shot up around the class and he pointed to a girl in the front row .
tr	NNS	The island mothers and sisters begin to laugh as they see two swords dueling together in the air .
tr	NN	Never real y thought about it .
tr	NNS	Looks like they 're from hospitals ... no , more like research facilities .
tr	NNS	From one end of the table to the other , the members surrounded it , a phalanx of mourners in black .
tr	NN	The state police captain was apparently a man who didn 't appreciate being interrupted .
tr	NNS	Things were making a bit more sense now -- perhaps her father had not disappeared after all .
tr	NN	"The winner may decide what comes of the captive . """
tr	NN	"The senator smiled at Jan. "" I 've just seen the latest polls ."
tr	NN	My h * ps lift into his and the friction hits me just right .
tr	NNS	Wavy , ghost-like strands of energy floated up from his body like the tentacles of an upside-down jellyfish .
tr	NN	The tie , tickling across my forehead like a feather .
tr	NNS	And from there his graph seemed to fall in place , its peaks and troughs corresponding with major events in history for the last billion years .
tr	NNS	A few inches of water suddenly flowed into the hallway , as if from a burst pipe .
tr	NN	The chef has left some lamb chops wrapped in cling film .
tr	NNS	Heavy boards covered the windows .
tr	NNS	Her caresses on his chest became firm presses .
tr	NN	But his tail stayed down .
tr	NN	Another roar made them both freeze in their tracks but still they managed to turn their heads to the direction of the hideous sound .
tr	NNS	""" Well , yeah , but - "" "" No buts , "" Rafe said with a shake of his head ."
tr	NN	""" The Ambassador , "" I yelled to the marines at the gates ."
tr	NN	A lamp is on near her bed that I assume is her night light , and I leave it on just in case .
tr	NN	The resulting cocktail is fresh , fruity , and a delightful blend of sweet and sour .
tr	NN	My sensitivity to incorrect initial assumptions kicked in but I wasn 't going to argue with Richard .
tr	NN	As if to validate her observation , a loud crash issued from an upper story of the REX .
tr	NNS	Three wolves , Andrew , Jackson , Gabriel and Francis are fighting the vampires .
tr	NNS	And then , suddenly , the rats came swarming out of the darkness .
tr	NNS	"His lands are near ? """
tr	NN	""" Unfortunately , my guardian did not think it a good match ."
tr	NNS	Gwen 's directions to find Crewe 's home were easy to follow .
tr	NNS	More jewels tinkered down , splattering the blood on the floor .
tr	NN	As though he could sense my hesitation , the lieutenant dismissed my concern .
tr	NNS	Gramps stared at Logan , though she couldn 't read his reaction .
tr	NNS	""" Oh , there aren 't any insects here . """
tr	NN	In a funny way , the warden 's prophecy had come true .
tr	NNS	Majestic colors ran from every part of the garden , like a colorful paradise .
tr	NN	Unfortunately for her , her weakness came in the form of the most attractive , frustrating , stubborn warlock ever .
tr	NNS	And the blood tests for all these patients were normal .
tr	NNS	""" The sales from my books have left me the fortune I wanted ."
tr	NNS	And how many changes happened because of his actions ?
tr	NNS	My spies report that the Ice Lord 's armies have reached the other side of the mountains .
tr	NNS	Marius appeared out of the smoke in front of the elevator , brushing off the sleeves of his thick jacket .
tr	NN	The precedent for that came from a past president who 'd made an unannounced trip with his wife to see a Broadway production .
tr	NN	With a mighty heave , Connie 's widow upturned the urn and the ashes spilled out into the sea .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down as his fangs scraped lightly over her skin .
tr	NN	Five 's beacon has cruised along west since the last time I looked in .
tr	NN	The reserve in his demeanor finally made sense to her .
tr	NNS	And then the high iron gates opening , and the moon flooding down on the garden .
tr	NN	His deed this day would be destroying him inside , no matter what he proclaimed .
tr	NN	""" All this healthy exercise can 't be good for him . """
tr	NN	There was no teacher and only one student .
tr	NNS	He kissed my tears away , kissed my eyelids , his warm lips slid over mine , his tongue pushed into my mouth .
tr	NN	The brotherhood kicked in .
tr	NNS	Makes good service-oriented minds , but the individuals end up a bit slow and ... lacking .
tr	NNS	The spires were so distant that they looked like needles trying to draw blood from the blue skin stretching across the crater 's edge .
tr	NNS	""" What are you ladies drinking ? """
tr	NN	Too much damage from the drug use that had ravaged her body .
tr	NN	""" Of course , "" the Ambassador agreed , reaching into his briefcase ."
tr	NN	Again , that bewildered look .
tr	NN	Either way , the sentiment is very real and it doesn 't just fester in solitary hearts .
tr	NNS	The one McCall had taken the axe to hung at the elbow .
tr	NN	' I have an idea , ' Love said .
tr	NN	""" Our anniversary 's coming up ."
tr	NNS	Three more goblins came at me , one of them the big goblin who 'd spoken before , the chief .
tr	NN	If Mr Cameron is not available , then the deputy prime minister .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NN	The caller told me I 'd find you in the service room at the bottom of the Tunnel of Doom .
tr	NNS	Lights flashed as Caesar thought .
tr	NNS	All attempts are futile .
tr	NN	The rider had his back to us of course and was a distance away , but one thing I thought I could see was his ears .
tr	NN	""" At the sheriff 's office . """
tr	NN	This public transport was important , because he didn 't want his car to be noticed , consequently it had been garaged .
tr	NNS	Shadowhunters don 't say good-bye , not before a battle .
tr	NN	The cameraman holds on a shot of the fourteen steps that lead upstairs , and then the picture jerks nauseatingly as he ascends .
tr	NNS	Monday classes start , so we 'll have a boring week .
tr	NNS	The footsteps suddenly ceased , and Neil got the feeling that the person , or thing , had become aware of him .
tr	NN	"Your weakness will speak well of you in his courts . """
tr	NNS	The chances of finding Billy 's wife alive were less than zero .
tr	NN	Behind him , the chef was carrying two large bowls .
tr	NNS	The stores along Main Street were intact .
tr	NN	This hobbit was a very well-to-do hobbit , and his name was Baggins .
tr	NNS	The possibilities seemed endless , even frightening .
tr	NNS	Myles whistled as he slid the second omelet from the pan .
tr	NNS	And those clients made up the bulk of Lexi 's income .
tr	NN	her grandmother shouted from the foot of the stairs .
tr	NNS	Plans that don 't include you .
tr	NNS	The radiation levels are rising rapidly .
tr	NNS	The drums pounded a grim cadence .
tr	NNS	Why waste our supplies on a criminal ?
tr	NNS	Thin trails of smoke started to rise from the seat of the armchair , and Dennis felt a moment of concern .
tr	NNS	Or a mini fridge .
tr	NN	""" My master finds Lord Rafe to be something of an irritant . """
tr	NN	His personality matched the bad boy presence attributed to teenage angst .
tr	NNS	A few wisps of dust drifted down from the rafters .
tr	NN	she thought will a grim chuckle .
tr	NNS	One by one , letters formed in the particulate .
tr	NN	""" Ok go on in . """
tr	NNS	More foot patrols , with their dogs , roamed the woods .
tr	NN	Twenty years back , when I joined my father in this business , profit was as unpredictable as monsoon but my father would sleep well .
tr	NNS	These blues were deeper than he thought .
tr	NNS	"Looks like a leg ... "" , asked Rude Gold ."
tr	NNS	"Looks like there 's something out there , through these mountains ... I just don 't know how we 're supposed to get through them . """
tr	NNS	Mental processes were more like physical actions .
tr	NNS	The directions are to use it when I am in grave danger .
tr	NN	The Link was as thin and weak as the sound of a single violin from a high tower .
tr	NNS	Romulus pulled his own pair of sap molds from his pocket .
tr	NNS	Daily activities go on as usual .
tr	NN	Was there any other explanation ?
tr	NN	A small old time tape slid out .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of last night filtered through my resolve .
tr	NNS	Girls dreamt about him , always thinking they were not good enough for him .
tr	NN	Their intent is not good , that much I know .
tr	NNS	""" Others heard the shot . """
tr	NNS	For a moment there is abject silence then voices or rather chants come to my ears .
tr	NNS	""" The scrolls say these visitors traveled in great fire spitting birds as bright as our sun ."
tr	NNS	And , that 's why ; all good media must have two prerequisites ; purity and purpose .
tr	NNS	Right behind them , werewolves emerge from the passageway .
tr	NNS	Several short strands escaped the leather thong and fel around his face .
tr	NN	His reputation in Idris wasn 't exaggerated .
tr	NN	The dwarf , however , seemed to not dismiss her so lightly .
tr	NN	The ranger shook his head .
tr	NNS	Holiday shoppers filled the crowded mall .
tr	NN	The hard tap of her heels against the marble floor sounded out like tiny gunshots , even over the noise of the surrounding crush of people .
tr	NNS	I absolutely do not want to get those hideous worry lines you serious types get .
tr	NNS	The petals had begun to sprout small thorny vines , roses growing in the winter cold .
tr	NNS	"My grandparents did not want to see my sister and me orphaned . """
tr	NN	Dude , that mind-reading trick has to suck .
tr	NNS	The cameras enabled her to move around without fear of getting hurt when she teleported .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in my body tensed suddenly .
tr	NNS	All the efforts in the province went into the November elections .
tr	NNS	Our differences struck some of our neighbors as odd , which made sense , I suppose , considering that he 'd raised me by himself .
tr	NNS	Aurelius did , but then he 'd been a vampire .
tr	NNS	Fat silk pillows of every color enveloped him .
tr	NN	The young knight on the offensive , attacked again , pushed Ormond backwards as they fought .
tr	NN	Chance , now studying me with equal parts fear and confusion , shook his head .
tr	NN	Part of it worried me ; after all , Sarah was a rebound girl after a 500 year relationship .
tr	NNS	""" Nasty experiments can leave stubborn stains . """
tr	NNS	Their tongues danced and teased while his stroking became more intimate .
tr	NN	Explains my dad , my uncle nods in both agreement and understanding .
tr	NNS	The two suns appeared almost conjoined on that second day .
tr	NNS	Tailored suits and parasols strolled the walks and everyone was greeted with a tip of the hat .
tr	NNS	In about fifteen minutes , the werewolves of California would be fully transitioned and , from what I knew , out of their minds with blood lust .
tr	NNS	There were six scattered sluice gates feeding different parts of the town 's farmland .
tr	NN	"Finally , Victor spoke again , "" My debt remains unpaid . """
tr	NN	Besides , what if the principal actually was in ?
tr	NN	A pipe feeding into the unit broke , spilling water across the roof .
tr	NN	It was dark out , another factor that being below ground for long had been obscuring .
tr	NNS	No roads or paths marked the way , and travelers would have great trouble getting down the sheer sides .
tr	NN	Chase roused slowly , a sickly sweet , smoky stench drifting up his nostrils and pulling him out of the darkness of a thick , heavy sleep .
tr	NNS	Gramps grumbles as I push the door open and walk into the house .
tr	NN	There was passion , there was hunger , there was desire that made my balls tight and had my mouth watering for a taste of her .
tr	NN	""" His uncle said he didn 't think he was the right fit for the company . """
tr	NN	Following a deep breath , the cowboy sprinted to the edge and leaped into the gulf .
tr	NN	A half-smile played around Valerie 's lips .
tr	NN	""" My daddy has a small ranch over on Molokai ."
tr	NNS	Reapers don 't consume my mind .
tr	NNS	""" I don 't know how I could have forgotten that you two have met , "" said the duchess with exaggerated surprise ."
tr	NNS	There are many variations to the definition of this last day I 'm talking about .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with him when he was like this .
tr	NN	"On the shelf back in the trailer . """
tr	NN	Something tickles the back of his throat , its iron taste filling his mouth .
tr	NN	The cost benefit analysis was very good .
tr	NN	An elder carries the spirit of a people from one generation to the other .
tr	NNS	The teachers all assumed now that if I didn 't show to class , I was just having another breakdown .
tr	NNS	The pangs of jealousy made it impossible for me to enjoy anything .
tr	NNS	Lights glowed through restaurant windows , but there were few patrons at this hour .
tr	NN	Chance tilted to get a look at the tall , angular man filling his plate at the buffet table .
tr	NN	""" You have to , "" the traveler responds ."
tr	NNS	The gates to the cattle pen stood open as well , as did the doors to the stone barn .
tr	NN	"With that charming personality of hers . """
tr	NN	"You see , Marquette 's log was unpublished because of the way Catholicism was practiced in China . """
tr	NNS	Sadness filled her , but she pushed it away .
tr	NN	""" Yeah , "" Chance muttered ."
tr	NN	Chance walked ahead , apparently trusting me to deal with the situation .
tr	NN	The captain rushed out the door , obviously eager for face time with a colonel .
tr	NN	The platinum blond jostled the table , spilling Gia 's glass .
tr	NN	Both Jase and I said .
tr	NNS	The six competitors with the most hearts at the end of the hour will advance .
tr	NNS	Things have their moment , but then they 're gone .
tr	NNS	""" The tests leave no question of that . """
tr	NN	Jazz just looked at her .
tr	NN	The smells weren 't that different , actually , from the kitchen of her father 's inn back in the Two Rivers .
tr	NN	Part of Serenity thought she should stay quiet ; some stupid part of her hoping Madeline might have gone or forgotten about her .
tr	NN	The ego exchange would come sooner than it might have without the strains of command .
tr	NNS	These creatures moved with proficiency and coordination , just as a human might .
tr	NNS	Fire rages inside of me as the voice sinks in .
tr	NNS	Two men wearing trench coats were standing by the conveyer belt , hands jammed into their pockets , hats pulled low over their faces .
tr	NNS	There were thousands everywhere , many burnt out or still on fire .
tr	NN	The unicorn turned and trotted towards the castle .
tr	NN	That van had been familiar .
tr	NNS	The creatures surged forward .
tr	NN	The crew supervisor saw him get out of his car and waved .
tr	NNS	"The landscapes are stunning , and the wine is rich and delicious . """
tr	NN	The deputy spied the beam of light from the sheriff 's flashlight downstream and the two men took off towards it .
tr	NNS	Following the shadows , the children 's images are now difficult to decipher .
tr	NNS	The chances of them following me to La Push were much lower than the chance of losing Jacob to Sam .
tr	NNS	Reyes towered in front of her , cut and bleeding .
tr	NN	The leader of the soldiers who did not get involved in the battle appeared on a hill .
tr	NNS	The tests were grueling -- meant to find the best out of those who only thought they were good enough -- and I passed .
tr	NN	Finally , after a few minutes , a groggy uncle in plaid flannel steps out and lifts her up .
tr	NNS	Others in the swelling throng were eager to explain .
tr	NN	Josephine 's shield had offered complete protection from whatever spell the killer had unleashed .
tr	NN	There was a shallow courtyard surrounded by a massive wall at the top of the stairs .
tr	NN	""" Ok , would you like me to read ? """
tr	NNS	The black SUVs that pulled into town nine weeks ago begin to emerge from the garage .
tr	NNS	Jace 's drawing skills might have been poor , but his strategy was faultless .
tr	NNS	"Looks like someone scanned it in from a newspaper . """
tr	NN	Behind the wire mesh was a sizeable alcove , within which sat the drive mechanism for the cable cars .
tr	NNS	Two pirates brought in a table and hand scanners and set them up near the atrium 's doors .
tr	NN	""" There are some page missing in this book ."
tr	NNS	The love hotels were only a block further up , sharing the street with some well-known nightclubs and a sprinkling of minor bars .
tr	NNS	Psych tests , IQ tests , tests that screen for personality disorders .
tr	NNS	Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers .
tr	NNS	Right here , right now , my female instincts to protect and heal have kicked in .
tr	NN	Horror and panic etched Riley 's face .
tr	NN	The weariness sunk in instantly .
tr	NN	A plaque to the left of the doors said courtroom .
tr	NNS	""" Fellow colleagues , the map you see before you and the dots reflected upon it represent the general locations and current status of the bunker systems ."
tr	NNS	And how about Carter , the chair of the Board and -- unfortunately for us -- one of the mayor 's greatest pals ?
tr	NN	From a business and monetary standpoint , the damage from the first fire had been extensive enough to put her deadline in jeopardy .
tr	NN	Her aura turns bright pink every time she looks at him too .
tr	NN	If you take out the alpha male and its offspring , the entire race will dwindle .
tr	NN	""" So be it , "" the jeweler answered in the same tone ."
tr	NNS	All my gears crushed one another into dust .
tr	NN	The drill sergeant was standing behind Jo .
tr	NNS	The contents of the room faded .
tr	NN	I felt like I would stay open until he returned , a throbbing wound bound together loosely by dirty string .
tr	NN	The Bru French fashion doll and its incredible value must have tempted her mother into her current situation .
tr	NN	""" This , Kate , is what makes the house a safe house , "" my grandmother said ."
tr	NN	In military terms the artifact was a force multiplier .
tr	NN	The plant grew to height of half a metre and had ovoid spore cases on top of the stems .
tr	NN	A horrible sob escaped my mouth .
tr	NNS	""" That hypothesis would seem to fit the facts . """
tr	NNS	Words flash across it : RESTRICTED ACCESS .
tr	NNS	Alexis could see the mobs of people and reporters congregated outside the courthouse .
tr	NNS	Once we were off the main road , streetlights became scarce until it seemed like the darkness had swallowed us .
tr	NNS	The chants vibrated with the renewed purpose of protecting her against the evil that hid in the storm .
tr	NN	The flashlight guided his steps , illuminating the walkway a few feet at a time .
tr	NN	The notion gave him an unfamiliar sense of satisfaction .
tr	NNS	For now , the drums were quiet and his leg was still screaming at him , but it was somehow more manageable .
tr	NN	His light chuckle brought forth a resounding giggle from her as she pictured him drooling beside her on the couch .
tr	NN	The guilt was eating away at her , but he hadn 't spoken his intentions either .
tr	NN	Her grandmother released Courtney 's face .
tr	NNS	The roads are in real bad shape .
tr	NNS	A few couples were at the tables .
tr	NNS	"' No playing cards , no graffiti , no firearms , ' "" read Viktor . """
tr	NN	And then poof , like a smoke and mirrors trick , Howard appeared at the far end of the room .
tr	NNS	Barnabas was continuing : ' Yes ... unfortunately , this has complicated things .
tr	NNS	Reyes studied the sandwiches .
tr	NN	""" Skyla , my uncle said he discovered the puncture on your neck after he drew more blood for Chloe ."
tr	NN	""" Increasing glide slope one percent , "" said the pilot making the smallest changes possible ."
tr	NN	A lack of motor vehicles that could run due to ' the Pulse ' made the noise very noticeable .
tr	NN	"My goal here is connection . """
tr	NN	"Your practiced charm isn 't going to work with me . """
tr	NN	This chick didn 't play around .
tr	NN	But some dirty big ox bashed my head in with a poker . '
tr	NNS	Instead , my head presses hard against the steering wheel and I blink rapidly , willing the world to stop spinning .
tr	NN	""" Ok Brad ? """
tr	NN	The crash came a second before I made it to where they had fallen over the side .
tr	NN	Maybe her innocence would rub off on him .
tr	NN	Her inability to make wise decisions kept Cheyenne playing the heavy .
tr	NNS	There are also some indications of militant organized tribal groups forming to the west .
tr	NNS	""" Your ancestors are why we 're in this current mess ."
tr	NNS	Did all nuns wear such things under their habits ?
tr	NN	At this point our network had grown so large this was a complete change of pace to our journey out to Arizona almost a year ago .
tr	NN	A deep , sad appreciation for everything Jazz didn 't say about that ordeal .
tr	NN	""" You have to comply with the law , "" the pilot said in a defensive voice ."
tr	NNS	Her only jewels glinted at the cuffs of her dress and in a brooch pinned to its collar .
tr	NN	His artery beat firmly against my forehead .
tr	NNS	All the addresses were in the Los Angeles metropolitan area .
tr	NNS	Air users called up blasts of wind that would have knocked a live opponent over .
tr	NN	Ever since the committee refused my appeal ... when I realized that nobody would ever believe in me again .
tr	NN	When he pressed down on her shoulders , there was no mistaking what he desired .
tr	NN	Nausea roiled in her stomach .
tr	NN	""" They have control , "" the pilot called back to Winston ."
tr	NN	My pulse is racing , my heart is thumping and my addled mind is struggling to answer my own simple question .
tr	NN	Storm insisted that he move in with us , so he 's not burdened with rent .
tr	NNS	As it passes Serena , scales emerge over her ankles and up her legs -- a precaution .
tr	NNS	The other natural philosophers chuckled .
tr	NNS	Delores glanced at her .
tr	NN	""" Our telephone operator just quit ."
tr	NN	And then , with a rush of air , the werewolf vanished .
tr	NN	Part of being able to resist his indecent proposition depended on not having temptation shoved in her face at every turn .
tr	NN	Again , another language I don ´ t understand .
tr	NNS	The rats were bigger than the cats .
tr	NN	Careful to keep the cigarette turned away I pulled idly at my foreskin , then traversed the lightly furred line from chest to navel .
tr	NNS	A heavy iron grate was secured with a key lock , the cell 's bars rusted from age but impenetrable .
tr	NN	The silent efficiency was unsettling , to say the least .
tr	NN	Toward dawn she 'd drifted into an uneasy slumber .
tr	NNS	The gut-wrenching emptiness was as haunting as it had been the first time .
tr	NNS	There were gates connecting it with the ocean , which could be opened if required .
tr	NN	"You are lucky I do not claim yours as well for hindering me , "" scoffed the knight ."
tr	NN	My grandmother was a seamstress and milliner who rented a small space in a shop not far from my grandfather 's .
tr	NNS	Her clothing changes were just as elaborate .
tr	NNS	""" Things were in a state of chaos when we left there ."
tr	NNS	The werewolves in this city needed to realize there was room for two alphas .
tr	NNS	Lots of people were there .
tr	NN	"There 's no justice in this world . """
tr	NN	The concierge had a question in his voice .
tr	NN	His uncertainty made Tessa 's heart feel as if it were expanding inside her chest , its tenderness big enough to hold them both inside it .
tr	NN	The commander shook his head and gave them his condolences .
tr	NN	The honesty in his voice as he spoke those three words healed something inside her she hadn 't realized was hurting until now .
tr	NN	The bullet drilled a neat hole in the soldier 's right temple .
tr	NNS	Screams echoed out of the dark dungeon below , along with the clinking of chains against metal .
tr	NN	Five minutes later the roar of a diesel engine filled the air .
tr	NN	A short chuckle wobbled up my throat and I brought my bottle to my mouth , but I outright laughed when Christopher pointed at me .
tr	NN	Would his hand slide further down my ass when he woke ?
tr	NNS	Things were getting very strange here at Suncoast .
tr	NN	' With us to aid him , our Master may wield this wondrous jewel for good instead of ill .
tr	NNS	Up ahead , two Guardians came into view .
tr	NN	Part of it was good Alchemist business , sure , but most was probably Keith 's wounded pride .
tr	NN	No prison sentence could be worse than the hell of being away from the two of you .
tr	NN	The passion we shared was real .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning was fine , wasn 't it ?
tr	NN	My torn pattern mocks me .
tr	NN	My resolve flags , cracking like glass under too much pressure , but I ruthlessly quell it , forcing the weakness back to be agonized over later .
tr	NNS	The fierceness with which she said the words felt good .
tr	NNS	"Folks say that henge of his does queer things . """
tr	NNS	"Girls are out of this . """
tr	NN	That pain medicine in the bottle won 't help .
tr	NNS	"The higher brain functions return gradually . """
tr	NNS	Different images flitted in and out , of many others who had been slain right where I was lying .
tr	NNS	Her usually staid warriors suddenly looked uneasy , but they didn 't falter in their defensive formation .
tr	NNS	""" Well , there are slight differences but I think we 're dealing with a serial killer . """
tr	NN	The drill started again and Jeff pulled out his cell phone .
tr	NN	Her thrill at her glorious present evaporated and she nearly groaned , wanting to snatch his present away .
tr	NNS	"Even my skills probably aren 't good enough to sneak in undetected . """
tr	NN	My belly was full .
tr	NN	""" Just a few basic questions ."
tr	NN	The operator lowered the big blade until it was a few inches above the surface of the yard .
tr	NNS	His jaws danced under his skin , and he looked down .
tr	NN	That male fragrance , so familiar to her , was as reassuring as his voice .
tr	NNS	There were no limits to her love or the sacrifices she 'd make to keep them safe .
tr	NN	A bot was the last thing I wanted to talk to , so I turned back to Jack .
tr	NNS	The heavy , three-story tall velvet drapes hung in tatters and every piece of furniture in the room lay smashed to pieces .
tr	NNS	Fire and Ice centers are typically dominant , while Shadow and Light are usually more recessive .
tr	NNS	""" My apologies , sir ."
tr	NNS	But by then , thousands of us made it through .
tr	NNS	Proud cheekbones and a high arched brow frame eyes too obscured to make out a color .
tr	NN	Love turned to leave then hesitated .
tr	NN	""" The latest death toll stands at fifteen thousand , and even the palace is short-handed . """
tr	NN	The black pavement blurred beneath her eyes .
tr	NN	A faint southern accent whispered beneath Zoe 's words .
tr	NN	There 's hesitation for what I assume is a glance through the peephole , and the door swings open .
tr	NN	The uncle said nothing , only shook his head slightly .
tr	NN	Link backed away an inch or two , looking at me for help .
tr	NN	A chuckle filled the room .
tr	NN	"What was my career ? """
tr	NN	"No fake ID to get a drink whenever you visit Georgia . """
tr	NN	Eventually , a medic came and brought with him one of the black bags that only ever carried the dead .
tr	NN	The photograph , Reacher thought .
tr	NNS	Perhaps other family members had gone by the name as well ?
tr	NN	The warm liquid flowed into her mouth and down her throat , and she emptied the bowl in several large gulps .
tr	NNS	And so the dark forests died .
tr	NN	""" It is my duty and privilege to declare the Ascension of Paris , "" said the mayor finally ."
tr	NN	That same oracle who chose our team wanted you here , Jason .
tr	NN	Like everything else , the rope called to her .
tr	NN	The lightning was coming from her .
tr	NN	He frowned , the design of his mineral features made it a slow , grave motion .
tr	NN	But the U.S. government does not recognize the Chinese authority over international waters of South China Sea .
tr	NNS	The defenders just sat there , doing nothing .
tr	NNS	Curious , and more than a little surprised , Karen maneuvered through all the junk littering the floor in order to get a closer look .
tr	NNS	What are their hobbies ?
tr	NN	A sudden and insidious paralysis of shock began to creep over him , numbing every sensation in his body .
tr	NN	The concept of it was too grand and terrifying to truly encompass , and besides ... it might not even be true .
tr	NN	If the resistance grows , the government and the military will do anything they can to stop it .
tr	NN	Yet his every male instinct demanded he stay where he was .
tr	NN	The clothing he was wearing was comfortable enough , and the floor ... rolled a bit as he lay there .
tr	NNS	Eyes wide , the twins took off .
tr	NNS	The high banks that continued the entire length until it met the ocean would allow her to enter the city center unseen .
tr	NN	""" Love is a wonderful thing , sir . """
tr	NN	""" And my wimp runs strong ."
tr	NNS	Diggs closed the shades against the first glimmer of dawn while I got under the blankets .
tr	NNS	In one or two places there are actually water deposits , usually as ice near the surface in a mountain shadow .
tr	NNS	In addition there are other members whom you will become acquainted with .
tr	NN	A clamoring ensued with each delegate enthusiastically moving forward to add his name to the pact .
tr	NNS	""" The roads are nearly impassable with dead cars everywhere ."
tr	NN	""" Your healthcare option makes sense , but what if I don 't want to use the federal hospitals ? """
tr	NN	"There 's a war brewing , and I 've neglected my duties long enough . """
tr	NNS	Precious metals and stones gleamed from the uncut rock .
tr	NN	The conflict has ended .
tr	NNS	But these types of mornings didn 't usually happen to Steven .
tr	NNS	Those baby blues filled with hot anger and something else .
tr	NN	Part of Elizabeth 's power was the deep enchantment she somehow held over most of the people in Captive 's Sound .
tr	NN	The ice shield was a complex matrix of frozen hydrogen and water .
tr	NNS	The hills were again filling with tents and the town was again bursting .
tr	NNS	Words became divided and more order was established .
tr	NN	The lieutenant 's a fan so he 's not backing us up .
tr	NN	Nausea simmered in my gut .
tr	NNS	At one point in time , entire galaxies bowed before her , worshiping her as a true god .
tr	NN	A wicked gleam lit Lucius 's eyes .
tr	NN	Thinking of baseball makes me remember Brian and Drew and Will and Laura , and that makes the tears start up again .
tr	NNS	"Maybe all the other cases were professional . """
tr	NNS	""" Where are our drinks ?"
tr	NN	Her grandmother noticed , as well , and commented on the beautiful music , wondering which channel the concert was on .
tr	NN	With my body angled upward , each punishing thrust stroked the bundle of nerves at my core , sending ripples of pleasure rolling through me .
tr	NNS	There were sirens and horns and the feel of the wind .
tr	NN	Part of it was simple greed .
tr	NN	The organizational hierarchy of Moretti Inc. is very easy to understand .
tr	NNS	The beggars spent a few more minutes picking up hams , jars and bottles that had settled on the snow .
tr	NN	Ornate lettering , patterns , and illustrations in faded colors decorated the first letters of each book of the Bible .
tr	NN	And yet their armored leader stood unscathed .
tr	NNS	Resource claims , stolen equipment , damaged minions and sabotaged experiments .
tr	NN	This naked parade you 're so intent on being a mascot in is covering for a deficiency you don 't have .
tr	NNS	When we closed our eyes our minds touched and we knew they would not touch us with their weapons .
tr	NN	His belt buckle scraped against her lower belly , and caused a rush of liquid heat to pound between her thighs .
tr	NNS	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Things were starting to settle down inside the factory .
tr	NN	How much of it was pretense ?
tr	NN	""" A quarter of this country is on Ramon 's payroll . """
tr	NNS	The whispers increased as Andrea approached , the sounds more rapid .
tr	NN	The chemical smells eroding my brain .
tr	NNS	"Fur traders , explorers ... adventurers . """
tr	NNS	Her pupils shot around like birds taking flight as they tried to absorb all that she was saying .
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's going to be here for a while .
tr	NN	The first committee showed decorations that they had stored away from previous weddings .
tr	NN	Still , this preoccupation disturbed her .
tr	NN	""" Please , m ' lady , let me help ye board , "" the captain said as took Alice 's delicate hand in his ."
tr	NN	At the memory of her stricken , accusing face , the nausea rushed through him again .
tr	NN	Her pulse thundered in her ears .
tr	NN	A vent was high on one of the side walls .
tr	NNS	The tentacles that hold you came to rescue the princess , not to harm her .
tr	NN	""" He stands by the taillight , your honor , "" said the attorney , with a straight face ."
tr	NN	The two crewmen began rotating the boards , twisting the straps until they embraced the man 's skull .
tr	NNS	My instincts toward our son were no less maternal than if I 'd given birth to him myself .
tr	NN	There is a celebration to be had ! '
tr	NN	* * Warm sunshine streamed down on my face .
tr	NNS	The servants cheered and marched into the city , as Gnat continued to walk alongside and beat his drum .
tr	NNS	Plus hills are always good settings for pondering .
tr	NNS	Those techniques disarmed clients .
tr	NN	Laughing , Rachel shut the wooden door and locked it , then turned to find herself in Sabin 's arms .
tr	NNS	Both tests had been hard for her .
tr	NN	In the past , the master would ask the Shadow to devour this ruler , destroy that general .
tr	NN	For Fletcher , a new quarter always means a new girlfriend .
tr	NN	That know-it-all glint shone in her eyes .
tr	NN	"My daddy and the boys didn 't . """
tr	NNS	Things don 't change when she 's on vacation .
tr	NNS	The screens are in the lenses .
tr	NNS	Then the elves turned towards the Forest , and Bilbo started on his long road home .
tr	NNS	Two dark figures stood on the opposite side of the street .
tr	NNS	Why should noble ideas protect the wicked ?
tr	NN	A neighbor across the street came out to see what was going on ; no doubt she 'd spotted the cop car .
tr	NNS	All possibilities exist at this moment , and pretty much in the same place .
tr	NN	There was a castle behind it .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Geraldine combined with Colin 's outrageous suggestion .
tr	NN	An agent arrived in the apartment in the morning with some forms , and watched me fill and sign them .
tr	NN	Then the ghoul smiled , showing he 'd filed all his teeth to points .
tr	NNS	Those powerful hits didn 't always help because he 'd blast the ball out of bounds .
tr	NNS	Moses tried to pretend he was riding in a bus , but then the direction changed and the plane was lifting off the ground .
tr	NNS	""" Special fluids for replacing electrolyte loss ."
tr	NNS	""" My sincerest apologies for lingering and making you run into me . """
tr	NNS	""" Things are different this time , Saul . """
tr	NNS	Balinese landscapes like to use decoration or embellishments .
tr	NNS	The spaghetti was ready and so was the sauce .
tr	NN	The gap was so small that it was barely discernible .
tr	NN	Oh , there was the nausea from the toad 's rumblings , certainly , but that was par for the course .
tr	NNS	Their hackles rose and they bared their teeth .
tr	NN	""" What a nerve !"
tr	NNS	There were kicks and lunges , arm movements and body turns .
tr	NNS	"Others get what they need and stay . """
tr	NNS	""" Then your negotiating skills are fraying , because that certainly didn 't seem to be what you 're offering . """
tr	NN	The melody echo 's through the long cave before her , and the veil of water parts in the center allowing her passage into it .
tr	NNS	But the images were fading , and the darkness getting deeper , and soon the drink would settle .
tr	NN	Even the upstairs maid who brought in a tray of food said nothing .
tr	NN	A sick dread began to fill her .
tr	NNS	Immediately I drew back , feeling fumes burn down the back of my throat .
tr	NN	The blonde wig hid my chestnut locks and stood in strong contrast to my little black dress , making me feel like someone else .
tr	NN	His ranger status put him in a whole new category .
tr	NN	A sliver of light filtered in from the large window , illuminating his somber expression in the darkness .
tr	NNS	Dull thuds resonated as the creature retreated from the platform .
tr	NNS	The ambulance pulled away , lights flashing , sirens noiseless .
tr	NN	And how long could the priest be a missing person before his life was irrevocably changed ?
tr	NN	The thud of her heart seemed to reverberate in her chest .
tr	NN	The sergeant took a look at the dead German .
tr	NNS	""" The twins , "" Alexis said ."
tr	NN	And then , a loud boom filled the air .
tr	NNS	So many opportunities lost , possibilities denied , and for what ?
tr	NNS	The shackles at my feet clicked and sprang open .
tr	NNS	You ladies and gents have been patching up our boys with a survival ratio that any unit would be jealous of .
tr	NNS	""" When you are gone ... Things will change . """
tr	NNS	Until shooting all the episodes for the show is over .
tr	NN	Now , the dead warrior would not lose their grip on the weapon .
tr	NNS	"Things could be better here ... "" What are you doing ? """
tr	NN	""" Earlier today a British officer was captured , a dragon captain - "" "" What of it ?"
tr	NN	The committee decided to put this match .
tr	NNS	Damen 's nostrils flared .
tr	NN	""" Morning sunshine , "" said a vaguely familiar voice ."
tr	NNS	Rapidly approaching , two dark figures seem to glide up the multitude of stone steps , disappearing and reappearing between buildings .
tr	NN	""" This one still remains , "" answered the bandit leader ."
tr	NN	A bike rushed in from nowhere and slid to a stop .
tr	NNS	The wonderful creatures bore wings like those of a dove and glowed with an inner fire , minding one of a first glimpse of the morning sun .
tr	NN	""" Yeah , I 'll take you to the Black Forest one day , there 's a nice clearing ."
tr	NN	The flowing swish of a blue tail floated out behind her .
tr	NNS	"Things are proving a little too interesting . """
tr	NNS	The lies had clouded everything .
tr	NN	""" Just the backyard stuff . """
tr	NN	A subdued boom shot out of the gate .
tr	NNS	Others were new , and still others were similar to older hymns but had altered lyrics .
tr	NN	His eyes dart around the parking lot like he 's looking for an escape , and he sighs before locking eyes with me again .
tr	NNS	The fireworks continued to go off behind them , the sound of their boom vibrating through both of them .
tr	NN	The captain waved his hand in dismissal .
tr	NNS	Other zombies would try to steal the food away , and then the creatures would fight over it , driven mad by the taste .
tr	NN	That bundle grew until it filled her , spilling out so that she was sure the trucker across the way could see it .
tr	NN	Once and only once had Jacqueline sampled the slimy green vegetable .
tr	NNS	""" For one thing , our priorities never seemed to align ."
tr	NN	Well , the last option was no longer a possibility .
tr	NN	Apparently though , there was still a tiny spark inside her that wished things had been different .
tr	NNS	Torches were lit around the arena , and in the center of the ring of spectators , were two shifted wolves .
tr	NN	Love sat back in his chair and grinned .
tr	NN	My flashlight was lying on the ground beside me , and by its oddly skewed light I could see his huge muscles and bare hairy chest .
tr	NNS	Questions were a massive stumbling block .
tr	NNS	And from nowhere , five flower petals appeared .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the tight confines offered her no opportunity to use her legs , each of which was encased separately .
tr	NN	The TV was off , but he 'd been sitting with no book , no headphones , and no other obvious form of entertainment .
tr	NNS	These wolves are barely shy of feral , Eric .
tr	NNS	Other couples started to arrive , and the photographer came forward to snap their pictures .
tr	NNS	The changes he had been going through , and hearing that his roommate can turn into an animal was driving Finn to his breaking point .
tr	NNS	Goss knew his limitations .
tr	NN	If anything goes wrong with it , there is a short-term spare I can use .
tr	NNS	Hands seized her as she entered .
tr	NNS	Beneath them pilgrims built bonfires on the beach .
tr	NNS	The bar codes with those little numbers just above the vertical lines changed everything .
tr	NNS	Climbing the steps to the palace , new servants opened the doors stepping to the side .
tr	NNS	Animals require an environment of warmth to flourish .
tr	NN	There is sympathy in his eyes and I hate that .
tr	NN	And my sin has done this , my sin has unleashed this thing , as if from the heart and mind of Mona herself , he thought .
tr	NNS	But these hills were so remote and wide that the locals all had illegal mines running .
tr	NN	""" Yes , but the sun is still painful , "" the priest admitted , and touched the hood of his cassock ."
tr	NN	His neighbor was still comatose , so there wasn 't much to do .
tr	NN	But the progress of her tumor was unstoppable , and little by little there was no disguising it .
tr	NN	The chaos below only grew when He turned again , lurching and throwing His weight to the side and bringing it down heavily on the ground .
tr	NNS	Thoughts , visual distractions , and the sounds throughout the club all occurred simultaneously .
tr	NN	Calder 's exclamation came after breakfast while everyone was still seated at the table .
tr	NN	""" What pains could a dragon possibly bear ? """
tr	NN	The doctors ' subsequent prognosis was grim , no more than a month .
tr	NNS	However , some elves remained to help where they could in cleaning up the now postponed ceremony .
tr	NN	""" Well , electrical stimulation did in fact produce results in lizards who don 't normally regenerate a tail . """
tr	NN	There was something indecent about the exposure of the privacy of a room to the outside world .
tr	NNS	The sobs were soft at first , but then they intensified .
tr	NNS	In spite of the whole damned world , Mr. Atwater , these two star-crossed lovers have found their way back to each other .
tr	NNS	""" Apron strings , my ass , "" she muttered to herself ."
tr	NN	Berserk lust is likely not the best frame of mind for removing them .
tr	NNS	Hands of steel flip me over so suddenly I yelp with surprise .
tr	NNS	And where were the other two gunmen ?
tr	NN	The acid in my stomach burned the back of my throat .
tr	NNS	The runes blended with the mirror .
tr	NN	A curvy redhead approached the Maddox table , and hugged Trenton .
tr	NNS	The Las Vegas leaders walked away too , only Muriel giving Graham any kind of deferential farewell .
tr	NNS	The political leaders became petrified as they realized their worst fear .
tr	NN	""" There is no baron , never has been . """
tr	NN	The priest turned , staring hard into the darkness .
tr	NN	When his voice comes on , there is a quick , sharp stab of pain in my chest .
tr	NN	The bullet swung her around , and sent her skidding down the incline to his left .
tr	NN	And if there was any justice in this world , the recording angel ought to have written this monumental effort down to Steve 's credit .
tr	NN	A large granite carving stood to one side , and they threw themselves behind it .
tr	NNS	Three small cottages rimmed the perimeter of a spacious back yard of manicured lawn and flower beds .
tr	NN	""" My little announcement has a lot to do with what happened last night . """
tr	NN	The warrior was standing above me , fire axe in hand .
tr	NN	Her determination had very little to do with herself anymore .
tr	NN	Our leader blinked his eyes and scratched his head .
tr	NNS	Because despite the fact that Lilly had returned , despite loving each other , there were no promises exchanged , no guarantees made to each other .
tr	NNS	* The pigs had scattered over the hills .
tr	NN	Ghost , Kittie , Jaffe , and Mandalay , the only other female , were facing me .
tr	NNS	""" How are the headaches ? """
tr	NN	The hood of the car tore off , slid sideways like a Frisbee , sliced into the woman , and kept flying .
tr	NN	A glint of satisfaction appeared in Gregori 's silver eyes .
tr	NNS	After all , thousands of years were a mere pittance of time to the gods .
tr	NNS	There are creatures of all kinds that live in the tunnel .
tr	NNS	Erebus pulled open the gate .
tr	NNS	Hands are pulling me , lifting me up and I can almost feel something but not quite .
tr	NN	The bait carried away on the current , having drawn no interest whatsoever .
tr	NN	A rustle of movement signaled Thomas ' emergence from his study .
tr	NN	Just above the door , there was a tiny rectangle of a window , its glass missing .
tr	NN	Reality is everything to him .
tr	NN	The stone trick would run fair flat after a couple of shows . '
tr	NN	But the young teacher giggled , and put her arm round Mr. Guerra 's shoulders .
tr	NN	But for right now , all he wanted to do was assume his other career , slide into the role of rancher .
tr	NN	The kitten had already sprung free .
tr	NNS	Some of the vultures survive in captivity , but in the wild , they 're gone , another species lost due to careless human activity .
tr	NN	A moment later , a tube of water flowed up from the sea and ran up the rocks of the island to coil around Connor 's feet .
tr	NN	The crowd 's roar is thunderous now .
tr	NNS	"Two eggs okay ? """
tr	NN	the front passenger asked .
tr	NNS	There were many unpleasant expressions aimed at the Priestess .
tr	NN	"Totally fake , "" Hanna countered ."
tr	NN	Anger and frustration swirled around him , filling his lungs , rising to his throat .
tr	NN	"The Light spoke , "" I am Tabitha , Tabitha Rose ."
tr	NNS	""" Strong images , madame , to inflict upon schoolgirls . """
tr	NN	Meantime he reminded himself that it hadn , t happened until midnight the night before .
tr	NN	The drawbridge boomed down , and they clattered on across it into the castle 's main court .
tr	NN	For that matter , her uncle could even be on the council .
tr	NN	""" The senator harassed her for years , and now she 's free of him . """
tr	NNS	The three Hammers supporters walked away chanting at the tops of their voices , restoring their bravado .
tr	NN	But then , honesty alone , even in faith , did not make an alter Christus .
tr	NNS	Large stainless appliances line the back wall .
tr	NN	""" I suppose that depends on what you mean by magic , "" the dragon said in a low but pleasant voice ."
tr	NNS	There were writings about ' strange metals ' that they used .
tr	NNS	She watched his eyes darken , his mouth turn down , his nostrils flare .
tr	NN	""" Not that many people wil know about it , so it doesn 't fil up til late , when the music gets loud . """
tr	NN	The redhead looked like she felt the same and this look was not cute as a button at all .
tr	NN	The canoe turned in that direction ; heading back to land .
tr	NNS	His punches are so powerful that the vibrations crack some of the walls .
tr	NNS	The ducks immediately began quacking frantically and flying off .
tr	NNS	As we neared the house , zombies were in the doorway , I had left the door open , not thinking we would come back .
tr	NNS	16 Sebastian 's coins , his gold , all the wealth he had in the world , had disappeared .
tr	NN	The gryphon didn 't move .
tr	NN	His injury pinched his side when he lifted her .
tr	NNS	The authorities would love that .
tr	NNS	""" The human leaders organized a lockout after Felix and his men threatened a culling . """
tr	NNS	The drops caused his fingers to sometimes slip as he moved from one song to another .
tr	NN	""" Arguing , "" the witness corrected ."
tr	NNS	Their seats on the dais ensured that they were far from - and high above - their petitioners .
tr	NN	The lion 's mane prevented what should have been a death blow .
tr	NN	This cheap trick of Nisha 's was just that , cheap and a trick .
tr	NN	The further implication was that it could hinder any future promotion prospects .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , the priest smiled at that .
tr	NN	Her h * ps haven 't given out , and she still likes to lie in the tall grass whenever she can .
tr	NNS	Powerful jaws clamped down on his skull as the momentum of the jaguar 's attack drove him forward to impale his chest on Dominic 's outstretched fist .
tr	NNS	"Maybe the Police should take a closer look at Ray 's death . """
tr	NN	Her integrity was suspect .
tr	NN	This remaining gang leader was still living in our old house with over 50 men and dozens of women .
tr	NN	Gabby smoothed a wrinkle in her polo shirt .
tr	NN	The icon for the core temperature flashed in his face .
tr	NNS	Others could hide their emotions .
tr	NNS	At one time the rags had been a clean white in color .
tr	NNS	The drapes were closed , as he pretty much knew they would be .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the women servants and Adel 's Grand Uncle come running out to see what is happening .
tr	NN	The dwarf looked around the room .
tr	NN	"The race starts in two hours . """
tr	NN	The European accent of his voice made my toes curl .
tr	NN	The haze covered their retreat .
tr	NNS	"Looks like my father wouldn 't accept help from you either . """
tr	NNS	""" Most vamps do . """
tr	NNS	""" You ladies look lovely tonight ."
tr	NN	"A little kitten would be adorable and soft . """
tr	NNS	Steal thousands of dollars and you were either a government or a hero .
tr	NN	The hawk sitting in the corner of the boat shuffled his wings .
tr	NNS	The banks were mostly gravel with patches of knee-high weeds and grasses .
tr	NN	A squad of uniformed guards blockaded the gate .
tr	NNS	All seventy-five floors of the Columbia Center were lit , as was the Smith Tower .
tr	NNS	A dozen green frogs leapt onto her arm and clung with their sticky webbed feet .
tr	NN	""" Of course you will , "" The Author admitted , "" I can always use a good mook ."
tr	NN	""" Please ... my uncle never told them ."
tr	NN	""" The gown is going to show a bit more than I am used to ."
tr	NNS	Lights flickered behind her eyelids .
tr	NNS	The AVG gang members were the only ones to continue their tireless activities under cover of the rain embracing the entire city .
tr	NN	Her blush and stammer reminds me how good-looking he is .
tr	NNS	"Looks like he 's made his way back into the top twenty . """
tr	NNS	""" If you want us to take our shirts off , ladies , all you have to do is ask ."
tr	NNS	Monday , he raced as hard as he could , riding Naji , the long reins held very securely by Adam and Ernest , on their horses .
tr	NN	"Your grandmother said my father 's called four times already . """
tr	NNS	The footsteps disappeared into the distance and I waited , rigid , until several minutes had passed and I heard nothing .
tr	NNS	My proof readers offer valuable feedback at different phases as my draft is put together .
tr	NN	Inside , the convention is just getting underway .
tr	NN	His birthmark brightened and spread more , covering almost all of his face .
tr	NN	""" This staircase takes us to a new level of the cavern system . """
tr	NN	"A tradition , "" Duncan said ."
tr	NN	Reality was setting in .
tr	NN	Mercifully , the Professor 's surgery went faster than expected .
tr	NNS	""" And some shifters are as well ."
tr	NN	A single , genuinely happy chuckle escaped her .
tr	NN	His belly filled , a weariness settled into his hands and arms , tugged at his shoulders .
tr	NNS	""" Only your actions will be supervised . """
tr	NNS	Questions pop into my head , but I hardly know where to start .
tr	NNS	The credits began to roll and we all stood to leave the theater .
tr	NNS	As yet there were still no signs of any addition to their family except for a very bad - tempered canary rejoicing in the name Pretty Boy .
tr	NNS	The gates in Annabelle 's mind swung wide-open , panic spilling through her .
tr	NNS	""" Others would 've not moved a finger to save him . """
tr	NN	' Just a scratch , sir , look ... ' Groat unfastened the buttons of his nightshirt .
tr	NN	""" How does your organization feel about violence or threats of violence ? """
tr	NN	""" Yeah , and right now my attitude is pretty poor , no pun intended ."
tr	NN	Evy 's sultry gaze jerked back to him and his heart skipped a beat .
tr	NN	""" Honey , "" my grandma says as she turns around and hands me a fresh glass ."
tr	NN	A sob burst from Cassidy .
tr	NNS	""" The rats live on the northern banks but somehow they 've been crossing the river ."
tr	NNS	So many factors contributed to this fateful night . '
tr	NNS	There was something strangely illicit , erotic even , about touching the wire .
tr	NNS	9 Nicolas concerned himself with the old man 's hand and arm movements .
tr	NNS	Three little letters and I could barely contain the rage that exploded inside me .
tr	NNS	"Others say the Immortals made them . """
tr	NN	"My partner and I -- his name 's Roku , by the way -- straight from Japan , doesn 't speak a lick of English . """
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs reigned for a hundred and eighty-five million years , while modern man has only been around for the past two hundred thousand years .
tr	NN	My dreaming aura affects anyone who happens to come into physical contact with me .
tr	NNS	His movements took a wild turn , his h * ps jutting furiously .
tr	NNS	Those shots that connected did little damage to the thick oak contour of the ships .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms made her feel secure and nervous at the same time .
tr	NNS	Thankfully , the elevators were close .
tr	NNS	Animals don 't bleed .
tr	NNS	There were a few instances where they used it .
tr	NNS	"Under orders of the high commander these gates will remain closed till morning . """
tr	NNS	""" There are several renegade governments and terrorist groups that have a bounty on my head ."
tr	NNS	Desolate sobs shook her .
tr	NN	The cottage is thatched , with whitewashed walls and a little plaque on the gate .
tr	NNS	The first three rows of soldiers clutched their heads , clenching and bowing over in agony .
tr	NNS	Others were rushing out the doors .
tr	NNS	The other visitors gave him a strange look .
tr	NN	The children 's schedule and education are much more important than my unannounced visit .
tr	NN	My savior landed us on the ground , and I looked up to find myself staring into Vincent 's dark eyes .
tr	NNS	Even language changes , and the same word can mean different things depending on how , where , and when it was said .
tr	NNS	The fleas were in hiding , however .
tr	NN	The trio slept fitfully , curled with Marta on the raft .
tr	NN	There was a limit to what you could learn when the people who raised you didn 't know the truth , either .
tr	NN	""" Poor little pup , abandoned by his pack ... They couldn 't come get you , even if they wanted to . """
tr	NN	Her uncertainty nearly slayed him .
tr	NNS	How does eggs , hash browns , toast and bacon sound ?
tr	NNS	Her hair left a moist spot on his uniform , the dampness cool against his overheating flesh .
tr	NNS	His board members were aware that something new was in the offing .
tr	NNS	Your prayers are the light in the darkness and will show us the way .
tr	NNS	The interviews began , and his hopes dwindled .
tr	NNS	Their motives remain a mystery , but Link feels as though he cannot afford to wait and find out .
tr	NN	Once again he felt the cocoon of security this brave warrior and faithful friend represented .
tr	NN	The gravel of another airstrip was dead ahead and it seemed to end in the water .
tr	NN	""" Because he 's from Heaven , silly "" the blonde bombshell chirped ."
tr	NNS	Things were starting to look up .
tr	NN	""" I will approach her about it , "" the captain promised ."
tr	NN	The implication of abuse was there and Lily fought down the urge to blurt out the entire story to him .
tr	NNS	Questions flooded my mind .
tr	NN	As he did so , the maelstrom seemed to disappear from the middle outward .
tr	NNS	Werewolves don 't take individual prisoners .
tr	NNS	10mm slugs ricocheted around the landing sending chips flying everywhere and leaving craters in the wall .
tr	NNS	As you know , the currents are very strong there .
tr	NN	As would the survival rope around its handle .
tr	NN	His morning routine had been the same for the past eight years : breakfast with the population and then an escort to the office .
tr	NN	Link shouted before he could stop himself .
tr	NNS	The Fey warriors disappeared right in front of Willow .
tr	NN	A clump of cobwebs sprouted from the rotten scalp , drifting slowly in the frozen wind .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , he felt something , he looked up , level with him , just inches from his face were a pair of yellow glowing eyes .
tr	NN	Even a village idiot could see they wanted her to suffer before she died .
tr	NNS	Classes started in less than two weeks and Ava began to feel the pressure to set up her room .
tr	NN	""" We will take good care of Annette in your absence , "" said my stepmother , patting her guest on the shoulder ."
tr	NNS	Her lady attendants waited outside , most of them daughters of nobility .
tr	NN	The gentle sway of the cabin was soothing , sounds of the city a murmur outside .
tr	NN	His aura was shining a brilliant emerald green .
tr	NNS	Her answering confessions came thicker , became more fevered , deeper .
tr	NNS	The markings of the rope on her shoulder were red and swollen .
tr	NNS	Kids like that didn 't grow on trees .
tr	NNS	Babylonian courts struggled with issues of betrayal , greed , jealousy , and revenge .
tr	NNS	Images of Embry rose up .
tr	NNS	The inner workings of the house spread before me , the structural beams , the long stretches of pipe , and the spider work of wiring .
tr	NNS	Achilles had come closer and stood a few paces away .
tr	NNS	At astonishing speed the worms would come and go from these hatches .
tr	NN	"How is the kiddo ? """
tr	NNS	On this side of the door the torches flickered , casting long shadows on the rough floor .
tr	NN	"Where is the ice cream and rivers of chocolate ? """
tr	NNS	If they snored , did they leave trails of bubbles that popped along the surface , bits of fishy kisses erupting into the night air .
tr	NN	A muttered cough came from deep within its splintered ruins .
tr	NNS	Your drugs won 't work on me .
tr	NN	The largest specimen ever recorded measured fifty-four feet long and weighed close to two tons , and it was determined to be only a year old !
tr	NN	All the silvery liquid in the garret came from there .
tr	NN	Shane 's momentum brought him to the railing a split second later .
tr	NNS	""" The mages couldn 't do anything because they couldn 't get a pattern off of it to work with ."
tr	NNS	Myles had tossed out a few questions in the past , but they 'd met with monosyllabic answers , or shrugs where monosyllabic answers weren 't possible .
tr	NNS	""" Yes , but couples normally go together ."
tr	NN	The bastard released his grip on her throat so he could take hold of her shoulders and hoist her onto the bed .
tr	NN	Their lack of humor marked them more than their size or actions .
tr	NN	The stunning capture had crushed Timmy 's spirit .
tr	NN	The momentum , strain , and height difference all worked in his favor .
tr	NNS	"Things are different between us . """
tr	NN	No theory or idea , regardless of how ridiculous , is out of order .
tr	NNS	His locks were incredibly soft and I found myself running my fingers through his mane over and over .
tr	NNS	The vamps were using students to do their research for them .
tr	NNS	Polished floors gleamed like gold .
tr	NN	The pilot looked dead serious .
tr	NNS	Tris shrugs , but when she looks away , her cheeks are flushed and she looks pleased .
tr	NN	An older fellow , obviously a sophisticated gentlemen , opened the door just a few inches and whispered something to her .
tr	NNS	The trench was deserted of men , only the rats remained .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of her filled his every waking moment .
tr	NNS	And sure , another few inches of height meant Kylie would look thinner .
tr	NN	And there was that slightest pink scar along her jaw .
tr	NN	But the porter frowns .
tr	NNS	Thoughts spin in my brain , burrowing into murkiness faster than a grub burrowing into soil .
tr	NNS	The signs of our ordeal were still visible on him .
tr	NN	"Any bump is gon na stand out . """
tr	NNS	Things were feeling smooth and easy .
tr	NNS	"You 're the blasted lead , "" Bugs said ."
tr	NNS	Both shining blades dipped and circled through attack after attack , and Michael drove Nicodemus back step by step .
tr	NNS	# The flyers were ready and it was just a matter of walking back and taking them into the school .
tr	NNS	It was designed to look like a flower , the petals formed of pinkish opals , the center a pearl circled by tiny diamond chips .
tr	NNS	The scrambled eggs were runny .
tr	NNS	As would millions of Bourbon drinkers worldwide .
tr	NN	"The sympathy and kindness are something we blood souls can never have enough of . """
tr	NNS	"Our female companions have left . """
tr	NN	The dog 's tail whipped wildly back and forth .
tr	NNS	Things were a little awkward after that .
tr	NN	Soon , my hatred for you may outweigh my desire for you to sit my throne .
tr	NNS	There were uniforms at the door , but no detectives , no higher echelon .
tr	NNS	Bottles filled with powder , shot , and pieces of iron and lead , ignited by fuses worked into the center .
tr	NN	Apparently his arrangement with Oliver had sparked an idea , and Walt was now willing to trade newspaper space for goods and services .
tr	NN	His h * ps rise up as mine go down and I moan .
tr	NN	""" Nay , ' t is just as we told you ."
tr	NN	The transition was simple .
tr	NNS	The other main areas of army training are practising with small unit tactics and the basics of war survival .
tr	NNS	Erebus is still out there .
tr	NNS	If there was a story behind those remains , the facts would come out eventually .
tr	NNS	Two uniformed messengers meant bad , awful things .
tr	NNS	"Like I got sick on purpose , like he thinks all the tests and treatments and doctor appointments are just a way of getting attention . """
tr	NNS	The creatures slowed and churned again around the chasm as the strands let go .
tr	NNS	"Shadowhunters like you ! """
tr	NN	"Our guardian , the executor of our estate , lives in the Bird House at present . """
tr	NNS	Once , these old roads would have led to other towns .
tr	NN	The hunt would have to wait .
tr	NN	His exotic Spanish stucco villa was large enough to provide a private room for her , Norma Jean , and each of the other guests .
tr	NN	Instead of organ music , a guitarist begins playing and a beautiful girl with long black hair starts down the aisle , being escorted by a man .
tr	NNS	Looks like I chose well .
tr	NN	His passion and sheer respect for the game he loved only made me love him more .
tr	NNS	In his younger years his classmates had made it an ongoing joke about this particular aspect of his character , but now it served him well .
tr	NNS	More gunmen were on their way here .
tr	NNS	"Two shots of Patron , please ? """
tr	NN	""" Does his grandmother know of this horrible mischief ? """
tr	NNS	The dry bits floated there , making small ripples on the supposedly solid surface .
tr	NN	A tall older gentleman , with combed back brown hair sliced with gray and bright blue eyes was trying to catch my attention .
tr	NN	Here comes the nausea I have missed so much .
tr	NNS	The calluses along the pads of his finger rasped an added pleasure with each stroke , touch , plucking .
tr	NNS	If it makes you feel better , even the ogres have to be wary when they come through these hills .
tr	NN	Jewish tradition says that for her disobedience she was punished by being made unable to bear children .
tr	NN	Their stroll down the path had an air of determination that felt somewhat unnecessary .
tr	NNS	The pirates sail to the side and snare the other ship with grappling hooks .
tr	NNS	Things that didn 't need to be spoken of in front of such an avid audience .
tr	NN	""" Your subconscious is blocking me ."
tr	NN	A twinkle flashed in his eyes .
tr	NN	The charm and pain and hint of wildness in her smile obliterated Patrick 's defenses .
tr	NNS	Classes have started back up , and the one marketing class Wilder and I managed to get together is the highlight of my week .
tr	NNS	""" Secondly ... as far as explanations go , I 'll give you the same consideration you gave me . """
tr	NN	His lack of quick answer and swallow told her she 'd done something .
tr	NNS	""" There were many instances in past years of the police coming out ."
tr	NNS	Lots of dyes contain chemicals that fluoresce .
tr	NN	""" Is Otto , y ' know , prone to violence ?"
tr	NNS	The shark 's gills went still and its lifeless body lay motionless on the deck .
tr	NN	But the backseat of a limo with a driver listening in didn 't seem the most appropriate place to tell her those things .
tr	NN	The assault she 'd suffered had left her with something she didn 't want .
tr	NN	"Has your sentence taught you nothing ? """
tr	NN	The rear admiral or whoever he was , couldn 't talk me into anything I didn 't want to do .
tr	NN	The other patrons eyed them ; Jackie was grateful they left Alex alone .
tr	NNS	The gates had opened again .
tr	NN	Her usual pattern was going to clubs , luring young men away and then doing her dastardly deeds in the streets .
tr	NN	The thickness gives more of a sting and it settles me on the inside each time I flick them .
tr	NN	The announcement was still coming , but no one leaving would be interested in it or even know it was on its way .
tr	NNS	A few couples rose from their tables , happily intent on moving to the music .
tr	NNS	"The owls know something . """
tr	NNS	""" The zombies think they 're dead , and so does everyone else . """
tr	NNS	""" If so , why did creatures crawl out onto the land and lose their ability to breathe under water ? """
tr	NN	"The angel closes her eyes as she visibly relaxes and mumbles , "" Finally . """
tr	NN	The hunter narrowed his eyes , sighted on his target , and used the black curved marking on his forearm to adjust his aim .
tr	NN	The Light of the Trees I brought into being , and within Ea I can do so never again .
tr	NN	Her orgasm continued on and on , pulling him deeper inside her .
tr	NNS	Her rows of perfectly white teeth and her sultry figure made her more appropriate for a movie set than an office .
tr	NNS	The goblins stopped , as startled by the appearance of Eduard and his companions as the companions were at the sight of the goblins .
tr	NN	His charisma spread over Stacy like butter on hot bread .
tr	NN	The reverend was a man of God .
tr	NNS	"But with all of their chemical properties mixed ... ... ... it may be a long shot but I think we have found an antidote ! """
tr	NN	""" Wait ' till mommy finds out that Ivey 's got a girlfriend !"
tr	NN	Except , on that day , the firelight had come from the torches of the rebels as they marched on the palace .
tr	NN	My own mate and uncle stole from me .
tr	NN	"But there 's a new wrinkle . """
tr	NNS	Pia 's eyelids drooped , and she gripped his arm hard .
tr	NNS	His siblings looked at him with pity , which had him squirming in his seat .
tr	NN	His briefcase didn 't make it .
tr	NN	No , his reputation was everything .
tr	NNS	There were no other passageways to be seen .
tr	NNS	The roads were winding out here , and she felt disoriented in the darkness .
tr	NNS	Things I can 't even begin to describe .
tr	NN	Depression 's pea soup clogged his mind .
tr	NNS	"Others fight against them C there are many in both clans who do not wish for peace C but the voices of reason are winning out . """
tr	NNS	The hostages quivered in the corner trying to protect each other .
tr	NN	The young , overachieving escort who 'd been at his side during his entire stay on campus was waiting in the wings with a blinding smile .
tr	NN	The celebration ended early so that everyone would be rested for the wedding festivities .
tr	NN	For the last ten miles , the same dark sedan was hanging back , keeping a steady pace .
tr	NNS	Bugs gritted his teeth .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a lightning flashed .
tr	NNS	Maybe , just maybe , those fairy tales were true .
tr	NN	""" Yes , like attack a neighbor 's livestock ."
tr	NNS	""" I understand , Your Highness , "" she said , bowing her head , mocking the prince ."
tr	NNS	Although his eyes caressed her from across the room as the family sang carols around the piano , the kisses and hugs stopped .
tr	NNS	After Shimmer had had her fill , the companions walked side by side to continue their journey .
tr	NNS	Waves of self loathing , bitterness , and anger threatened to drown him .
tr	NNS	The less the better if we are to hope our letters might get through .
tr	NN	But that poster of a happy family was missing one key element : a child .
tr	NNS	The other networks are saying pretty much the same thing .
tr	NN	""" A heart surgeon "" "" That 's wonderful . """
tr	NN	There was no other explanation for what he was doing .
tr	NNS	Reyes was aware of other wolves nearby .
tr	NNS	There were two attendants pushing a cart filled with cans of soda pop and other drinks , joking and serving them to any passengers that wanted them .
tr	NNS	One after another , the pricks came with constant , never-ending stabs like a swarm of bee stings .
tr	NNS	"Looks delicious , doesn 't it ? """
tr	NNS	There are a few nice new ladies in the faculty of science now , but they always stay away from us and our game .
tr	NNS	Her movements seemed very careful as she turned to face me .
tr	NNS	Waves slap playfully at the pilings .
tr	NN	Thinking of his nephews made Beth Ann 's suggestion more tempting than he 'd ever imagined it would be -- almost worth the trade-off .
tr	NNS	The warriors don 't even notice us as long as they think we 're doing work .
tr	NNS	Squires looked at Catfish and then Chuck .
tr	NN	Jazz didn 't waste breath on agreeing , just ducked out , kept her head down and took the steps as quickly as possible .
tr	NN	The savory fragrance of his recipe makes my stomach growl in eager anticipation .
tr	NN	The festive garb seemed out of synch with the stark setting and yet so ... her .
tr	NNS	"Waves of love that cover you , protect , until the night you rise . """
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , his dramatic efforts worked on everyone but me .
tr	NNS	My colleagues and I , promise the people of this country that corruption will be rooted out and those responsible will be punished .
tr	NNS	Things she should consider when she reevaluated her relationship with her dad .
tr	NNS	Where were the survival instincts her father had drilled into her from an early age ?
tr	NN	The misery of his ignorance would have been sweet .
tr	NN	Had his follower given up the chase ?
tr	NN	I don , t know .
tr	NN	But the reflection is beginning to fade , and I bang my hand on the glass , devastated at the thought of losing him again .
tr	NN	The whole scenario made me acutely uncomfortable .
tr	NN	A rustle behind her gave only a second of warning to brace herself before Chewie barreled into her shoulder .
tr	NNS	Adderley 's dreadful accusations insinuated their way back into her consciousness .
tr	NN	The majority of the callers were powerful telepaths from areas as far as Portland , Oregon wanting help in controlling the side-effects of their abilities .
tr	NN	Gone are the hugs and smiles , the carefree love .
tr	NN	As she neared the front door , the dull staccato of throbbing music vibrated through her .
tr	NNS	Their abilities were similar to your friend Sawyer 's - preternatural night vision and hearing , lightning-fast reflexes .
tr	NN	Captain Logan 's sentence , though picked up in the middle , was nonetheless intelligible .
tr	NN	Her natural personality was to be emotional , yet she could be tortured and not cry out .
tr	NN	The fake blonde started to twitch awkwardly in her seat .
tr	NNS	The sea caps rise and fall spewing frothy foam like a rabid animal .
tr	NNS	Others , however , quite willingly took to their knees , removing their caps and placing them on their chests , with their heads bowed .
tr	NN	"My Grandfather taught me better than that , I am better than that . """
tr	NN	That hatred rushed over me as chills , an internal warning flare .
tr	NNS	Since he hadn 't come from a typical family unit , family dynamics was unfamiliar terrain .
tr	NNS	""" The baths are in a circuit , so we come back out here again . """
tr	NNS	His paws swung out towards me , and I shook it .
tr	NN	""" Morning is on its way . """
tr	NNS	""" The letters , "" Jonah said ."
tr	NN	The liquid seemed to contain all the nutrients the ships needed and was the only sustenance anyone had seen them ingest .
tr	NNS	Thoughts swarmed her brain and mingled chaotically to uncover his meaning .
tr	NN	A low whistle turned her head .
tr	NNS	There were some unoccupied seats at the bar 's exterior and we sat on one near a beautiful , lighted palm tree .
tr	NNS	Others believed it was a manipulation of Jesus by Russo .
tr	NN	But the madness was there , lurking .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of any life this far outside of the city but people who lived out this far preferred their space .
tr	NNS	Maks watched Olga 's body crumple after a bullet to the head .
tr	NN	When I had initially come to you , that old man Roshan was still in my captivity .
tr	NNS	The Jinn 's attentions shifted in her direction , his expression once again softening .
tr	NNS	Her movements are jerky and she avoids making eye contact with me .
tr	NNS	Our new companions had told us that we could expect to find a road branching off this one soon that would lead toward the capital .
tr	NN	The secure compartment under the cabin 's floor could provide a perfect place .
tr	NN	""" Maybe a workout will help ."
tr	NN	There was a thrill to organizing a project and managing a team that couldn 't be matched by the demands of a newborn .
tr	NN	The notion of just letting everything fall into place was completely alien to his nature .
tr	NNS	The screens remained linked , but the many Guards hastened to their positions .
tr	NNS	""" Old movies , "" Indie guessed ."
tr	NNS	Still , the images tore through his head , making it hard to focus on anything .
tr	NN	An inhuman growl that made me afraid I 'd lose control of my bladder .
tr	NNS	Gramps has to know she 's hurt .
tr	NN	Her blonde wig was on the ground beside her , crumpled in a heap .
tr	NN	His personality still sucked .
tr	NNS	The signs had been there , vivid as Route 66 neon , but I refused to see them .
tr	NNS	His kisses turned desperate and demanding .
tr	NNS	But her fears had little to do with that ... and everything to do with Jack .
tr	NNS	Black spots winked over his vision , followed quickly by red .
tr	NNS	There are neon signs lighting up and exploding in my head , but I still can 't see the connection .
tr	NN	The quaintly old-fashioned chivalry tickled her whimsy .
tr	NNS	On day four , the witnesses called were there to testify for Alexis ' character .
tr	NN	He stepped back and dropped his boxers , released the proof of how much he wanted her .
tr	NNS	""" But legends say you are . """
tr	NNS	Families moving here for the school and somewhat country bumpkin lifestyle have brought other family members who then brought even more family members .
tr	NNS	Words squeaked from her throat as she struggled to lecture through the snickers and murmuring of the students .
tr	NN	There was a loud click , and a small metal piece popped out .
tr	NNS	"Their descriptions seem to match those of these three . """
tr	NNS	""" Also , my grandparents had only recently arrived from Hungary ."
tr	NNS	Thoughts of my former team haunt me as we walk , and I cannot shake the feeling of guilt growing inside of me .
tr	NN	A stab of pain punched at both of Mack 's eyes and he covered them reflexively .
tr	NNS	Although the man in the image is clearly Thomas , his actions , mannerisms and voice seem to have taken on an individual personality of their own .
tr	NN	His accent was like Dean 's , magnified .
tr	NNS	After a few seconds the footsteps approached the door to the room in which Jake waited .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the twins are at a sleepover with a cousin , and I don 't have to contend with their snide remarks .
tr	NN	The bullet struck him in the chest , but he recovered quickly .
tr	NNS	"There are no losers that I can see . """
tr	NNS	Since she hadn 't seen the license plate or the driver , the chances of the police finding the car were practically zero .
tr	NNS	"Things fall apart . """
tr	NNS	Surely , no one dresses like that just to do chores around the house .
tr	NN	His secretary , Collette , opened the door .
tr	NN	""" How much is your ice cream ? """
tr	NNS	With the changing of the season travelers began to journey home from sea voyages for the winter .
tr	NN	Her initial instinct was retreat , but at the last second she brought her feet together , folded her arms and glared up at him .
tr	NN	Almost every teacher had emailed her .
tr	NNS	Animals that had disappeared during the cold returned to take advantage of the long days and abundant food supply .
tr	NNS	My movements became more fluid and in sync with the music the longer I felt the beat .
tr	NNS	All the wolves stood , as still as statues , watching her .
tr	NN	"Becoming Ms. Blanc 's slave is what I want to do and that is the only reason I have signed below . """
tr	NN	Sawyer 's announcement fell into a lull in his conversation with Hawk and Colin .
tr	NNS	The Youth League members all swiveled their heads up like a single machine .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the ladies and effeminate men in the audience can imagine a huge bar of Toblerone tempting you from the cupboard .
tr	NN	With its free limbs , the dragon lifted its body out of the swamp .
tr	NNS	Some stalls sold food and snacks , others trinkets and jewellery , from the very cheap to the obscenely expensive .
tr	NNS	There were some quiet crashes in the woods , and Simon and Neil appeared at the gate .
tr	NN	Not too long ago , downtown would have been teeming with traffic at that time of morning .
tr	NN	We real y were flying almost completely blind .
tr	NN	Well , she thought , resigned , there is one gown I won 't ever be able to wear again .
tr	NN	Happy birthday to dear Su ... . '
tr	NNS	Things get sketchy and I have to bail .
tr	NN	Her precision was perfect burying the spearhead deep under his arm where his armor couldn 't protect him .
tr	NN	A blurry mass of bodies wrestled on the ground in front of me .
tr	NN	The dragon stopped moving , but he didn 't turn to face her .
tr	NNS	The council members and vampire rogues from London disappeared into the mist quickly after that .
tr	NNS	""" Yes , indeed , but the Solar batteries are entirely man-made ."
tr	NNS	""" The cameras , "" he said ."
tr	NNS	Only the oceans remained untouched .
tr	NNS	"Any dang ideas of marriage in your head better fly out of the window fast , Mr. Rodriquez ! """
tr	NNS	""" Why are my priorities wrong ?"
tr	NNS	Barnabas had made his point and headed off towards other unscrupulous dealings .
tr	NNS	Since Jess had come to town , the midnight creatures were pushing their way in , a little closer every night .
tr	NN	The dragon is still there staring me down .
tr	NN	"If it does not , then ... well , her reputation may suffer and her honour ... "" "" Honour ? """
tr	NN	""" It keeps me useful , "" the archer answers ."
tr	NNS	Cooling fans engaged and Faustus nodded toward the indicators .
tr	NNS	The big studios and big players are moving out .
tr	NNS	My ideas come hard and fast , like a thick snow , building a white wall I can 't get above or around .
tr	NN	The video ceased , freezing the image of Coleman 's grinning face .
tr	NNS	Erebus didn 't comment .
tr	NN	Like I want to floor the gas pedal .
tr	NN	Out on the dock , somewhere out of view , a hatch rumbled open .
tr	NN	"This treasure hunt has something to do with my brother and the time-traveling business ? """
tr	NN	There was not the slightest pretense .
tr	NN	Across the street the entrance to the canyon was still blocked off , police tape draped across the drive .
tr	NNS	' Those bloody idiots that had Ray 's paperwork were outside the lodge ; god knows what they were up to or what they know ' .
tr	NN	""" There 's one option . """
tr	NN	The illusion is brief , but it works .
tr	NN	""" A superhero ... You know , cape , tights , super-powers . """
tr	NN	A deep wrinkle appeared between Isabel 's eyes .
tr	NN	The Pass had long been a perfect base for day climbers , when it was summer and the grass was out .
tr	NN	"the author sang , "" I can 't do that ! """
tr	NN	Through her tears , a giggle rose in her throat .
tr	NNS	Of course , their efforts didn 't work ; I have made it my personal goal to never let those prejudiced bastards win .
tr	NN	""" Born , the release mechanism is malfunctioning ."
tr	NNS	Kids who were lonely outsiders like she 'd been .
tr	NNS	Few travelers or carriages take up the road , and none that pass trouble themselves with me .
tr	NN	The lack of oxygen dimmed Colton 's vision .
tr	NNS	His pupils flinched an instant before his face relaxed , and I tried not to lose myself in the relief that it had worked .
tr	NN	A monstrous tumble of rocks and debris loomed directly in her path , rushing for her face .
tr	NNS	"Kingdoms were on the verge of war because of me . """
tr	NN	A thrill of anticipation went through her at the thought .
tr	NN	The starburst reflection kept swiping into his eyes .
tr	NN	In 1895 , plumbing was available only in large towns , so even Durango would not have any .
tr	NNS	The smaller man 's movements were jerky and unpredictable .
tr	NN	The admiral grunts as he struggles to stand from his chair .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , clarity only made the President 's claims seem more outlandish than before .
tr	NNS	Matching blades lay on the stone floor or in other bony grips .
tr	NNS	Words swim inside my head , stringing into gibberish .
tr	NN	The front desk secretary , Mrs. Dawson , stamped it and then made a copy for me to give to Mrs. Weathers .
tr	NNS	"Smells like the coffee 's ready . """
tr	NNS	There were bikes in the driveway .
tr	NN	The broad , stately staircase soared in front of him , a stairway to the top of the sky .
tr	NNS	Those teachers always found themselves doing completely inappropriate things in front of , or to , students .
tr	NN	The sub turned in profile , and he saw red boxes in its claw arms .
tr	NN	"The pilot says , "" Olivia Newton John and the Bee Gees right ?"
tr	NNS	Small red triangles flashed onto their chests .
tr	NNS	"Engineering and reaction chamber specialists please perform the final checks on all vital components ; we want a smooth christening voyage . """
tr	NN	The Observer Program tells us that their world is poison to our bodies , and how we could never survive life on the other side .
tr	NN	Instead , a stupid little spider had attacked .
tr	NNS	Indians are now even changing their personal Gods , let alone their leaders .
tr	NNS	"Now there are thousands . """
tr	NNS	Perhaps the handlers would call before trying to hunt her down .
tr	NNS	Bugs swarmed around him .
tr	NNS	Then the two happy mothers burst out laughing again .
tr	NNS	Three werewolves had escaped .
tr	NNS	So many creatures , even ... jaguar .
tr	NNS	Others , to the attack that is inevitable inside the settlement .
tr	NN	The agent swore like a sailor .
tr	NNS	There aren 't any cameras here .
tr	NN	Her tail wagged all the while and Heather knew there was no point in trying to fight her smile as she watched them together .
tr	NN	A long blink shielded his eyes , and something like disappointment flitted along the lines of his face before he swallowed and opened his eyes , searching .
tr	NN	He final y came when she squeaked one more time , the sound dragging him over the edge .
tr	NNS	His wrists bore wide metal cuffs ; she could see the bone handle of a knife protruding from the left one .
tr	NNS	Reyes stared at her and then the pieces of the puzzle fell suddenly into place .
tr	NN	The bastard had shot her , at point blank range .
tr	NNS	But the facts were still there .
tr	NNS	The shifting metallic colors of individual cobblestone bricks were unmistakable .
tr	NN	The stroke of her palm up and down was quick and forceful .
tr	NNS	Only mercenaries make any sense .
tr	NNS	Several members would see the token and leave her alone .
tr	NN	A simple white veil with a circlet of gold hung down around her shoulders and her back .
tr	NNS	Her stomach presses against my head and soothing fingertips begin sliding along the back of my neck .
tr	NNS	Your grandparents came to me for help with their estate after what happened .
tr	NN	The castle , and ancestral home of the Ballantine family , abutted the top of a cliff face on one side .
tr	NNS	Its forearms were strangely long , bearing large heavy spheres instead of hands that nearly dragged across the floor .
tr	NN	A seemingly endless prison of trees flashed past them .
tr	NNS	Nerves looked strange on Kathleen .
tr	NN	Immediately , the young captain jumped forward .
tr	NN	the Scottish bastard asked .
tr	NNS	Maybe the fans sounded more responsive than they actually were .
tr	NNS	The vivid greens are a humbling sight for someone so accustomed to the decay of Castle Town .
tr	NN	A sheer white veil covered her face .
tr	NNS	The moment the ruling was made public , the media went crazy .
tr	NNS	The two goons remained at the threshold as Blue walked in , and the door slid shut behind him .
tr	NN	The clearing reaches as far as the first gently sloping grassy hill that we need to climb as we inch closer to the mountain ahead .
tr	NNS	The fierceness in his voice thrilled me and frightened me at the same time .
tr	NNS	Two vials had once been enough for me to pay the electricity in my apartment for a month , or a nice pair of shoes .
tr	NNS	The sharply gelled brown spikes on his head flicked back and forth .
tr	NNS	Flames roared in front of him , a solid wall of fire blocking the entrance .
tr	NN	The balcony wasn 't directly above his ; the platforms were staggered for privacy .
tr	NNS	The squeals turned to groans of dismay .
tr	NNS	' And the rats steal a hundred times what they eat , the devils . ' '
tr	NN	Her elegant script flowed on the page .
tr	NN	Even so , his rapid momentum kept his head attached and propelled his body toward me .
tr	NN	That bitch was going back to the Preserve once and for all .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately for all involved , our little con artists decided to play both sides of the fence .
tr	NNS	The fixtures in the bathroom were ancient but clearly labeled with complete instructions that appeared in the air in a Gothic script as one approached them .
tr	NN	Both Wyatt and I had taken the blame and left Miranda out of it .
tr	NNS	""" The texts are just a lot of symbols that look very convincingly like letters . """
tr	NN	Her specialty is astrophysics , but she spends most of her time in meetings keeping QT running smoothly .
tr	NNS	""" The bikes are friendlies . """
tr	NNS	Things were happening too fast ; Patrick wanted to slow down .
tr	NN	First , your moron fails to kill Phillips , then your lack of warning allows them to steal my tanks , and now something else ?
tr	NNS	There were no seats for a start .
tr	NN	Whoever did the shopping might have to carry out a two weeks ' supply of foodstuffs for eight people or more .
tr	NNS	The masks rushed to meet them .
tr	NNS	"Kris paused as if thinking , "" Though I know now how to fix that don 't I ? """
tr	NNS	Waves of rumor started to perpetuate through the school like a violent wind swaying long and slender grass in the field .
tr	NNS	Things would be okay .
tr	NN	A tremor was spreading through her , chilling her from the inside out , and her throat was so tight it was hard to breathe .
tr	NNS	Most clients were tolerable but there were plenty of bad ones to sour the job .
tr	NNS	Others , I didn 't .
tr	NNS	Your cousins Maria and Matthew will meet you in New York .
tr	NNS	""" If you eat more , "" he says , wiping his mouth with a paper napkin , "" the drugs won 't hit you as hard ."
tr	NN	The exam was normal and Emma was just about to leave the doctor 's office when the doctor walked in .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had quickened their paces .
tr	NNS	Ferocious winds brought clouds full of more water than the desert had seen since the beginning of time .
tr	NNS	The elves took every advantage over the mortals who could not uncover the falsities by which the elves maintained their ascendance .
tr	NNS	There were footsteps outside the door .
tr	NN	""" Full panel of judges , open school auditions . """
tr	NNS	"If you do nothing to address this , your opponents will use it against you . """
tr	NNS	There are no halves .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile the pirates had formed a rough circle .
tr	NNS	"At this point , her chances are slim , less than a ten percent chance , and that 's with aggressive action . """
tr	NN	Can even the illusion of pain eventually trigger something real ?
tr	NNS	""" Well , there are fifteen floors in the Panhandle Building , seven floors have already been done , and they are ninety percent leased ."
tr	NN	The cars gas tank went next , and the screaming stopped abruptly .
tr	NN	Their hatred did the rest .
tr	NN	Finally , the caller spoke .
tr	NN	The archangel exhaled audibly , a soft but chastising sound .
tr	NNS	"My clients are ... "" "" What ? """
tr	NNS	His ideas and observations form the core of his novels .
tr	NN	A tangled trio of aspens had fallen across from her side of the river , where the bank was much steeper and the ground more unstable .
tr	NNS	The companions followed him back to the other room and they each turned a chair towards the large tapestry .
tr	NNS	"Different dresses , "" she ordered ."
tr	NNS	""" There are two types of paternity tests ."
tr	NN	""" Remember , there is no limit on what to bid for me ."
tr	NN	The staircase circled down until they reached the bottom , where it opened up to a great cavern of a room .
tr	NN	The next moment Meredith had brushed Elena aside and was pacing wildly al around the kitchen .
tr	NN	, the sergeant called out , and she stepped forward to receive her uniform and bow her head as Lyn tied the cape around her shoulders .
tr	NN	A tickling along my cheek brought me out of a deep sleep .
tr	NN	Light shone in a hazy circle around their legs and Shai realized Krell had descended a few steps underground while holding a candle .
tr	NNS	There was a sudden fierceness in his voice .
tr	NN	Every nerve ending in her body sparked , shooting her full of electricity and warmth .
tr	NNS	Two heavily armed Enforcement Agents climbed out of the vehicle and caught her in the blinding beam of a flashlight .
tr	NNS	Sweet caresses smoked down to the filter .
tr	NNS	Nick exits stage right as Josie enters from stage right .
tr	NN	But the Master scowled at his back as he went , and remained sitting on the ground .
tr	NN	That tirade gave Gene a fleeting pleasure , but it did nothing to advance his plan for his escape .
tr	NNS	Graham 's fears roared to the surface .
tr	NNS	Things had calmed considerably , and though a few hearts skipped at the sight of Jaime he was cool as a cucumber .
tr	NN	His secretary sat at her desk looking as bored as ever .
tr	NNS	Others received a throwing knife to the face .
tr	NNS	Others are more emotionally agile and will hold out a little longer .
tr	NN	By the way , your Mustang is only seven miles an hour faster than mine .
tr	NN	The French accent cut through her nerves like a chain saw .
tr	NNS	Even the media had a hard time downplaying the growing tension .
tr	NNS	But when I shove the front door open , familiar wood floors and rows of wooden benches arranged in a square greet me .
tr	NNS	My measly skills would earn me a butt kicking to remember .
tr	NN	The trio fell silent .
tr	NN	The intern clicked the play button and speech wafted through the speakers .
tr	NNS	""" Things aren 't going quite the way I expected , that 's all . """
tr	NN	""" How old are you , "" the other medic chimed in ."
tr	NN	Not only that , the caller hadn 't given her his name .
tr	NNS	Dark Shadowhunters in red gear began to pour into the room .
tr	NN	The foes unhurt doubled their speed , fearing the Leopard 's wrath .
tr	NNS	The blonde one Todd had dated for three months ; the dirty blonde had only required three shooters .
tr	NN	Still , the photograph in her purse kept breathing .
tr	NN	His clothing falls away , burnt by a flame that shoots upward from his feet .
tr	NN	I 'm on the outskirts , only allowed this close in case any magical matters arise .
tr	NN	Monastery wine cellar look .
tr	NNS	Words that might have felt satisfying years ago were unnecessary now .
tr	NNS	Too bad Angelus wasn 't from Gatlin ; he would 've known that .
tr	NN	""" Because of your ability to charm Eli when they couldn 't ."
tr	NN	Like a mini Walmart , there was clothing for the whole family in a few aisles and groceries in the other .
tr	NNS	Simple crypt locks held the covers in place that could easily be removed .
tr	NN	The dragon gave them energy and fire .
tr	NN	""" Okay , the coast is clear ."
tr	NNS	""" My apologies , "" a warm voice spoke ."
tr	NNS	There 're trains everywhere , and a few people loading luggage or refueling or just walking around checking on things .
tr	NN	His unshaven and unruly appearance wasn 't what she was expecting .
tr	NNS	Several cautious paces farther and the passage opens into a cavern , tall enough to jump and leap with joy within .
tr	NN	A growl worked its way out of my chest and into the night .
tr	NN	Becky baked a cream sponge for after the high tea having scoured the shops for anything fancier and found nothing in the virtually empty bakery stores .
tr	NN	the butcher questioned upon seeing Timmy .
tr	NN	But there was a tiny spark of something that felt suspiciously like hope glowing deep inside her .
tr	NN	The only option left now was to jump from the window , and hope no one saw me do it .
tr	NN	""" None sir , "" the computer calmly answered ."
tr	NN	""" Morning Sunshine . """
tr	NNS	His siblings had accused him of being a control freak and always looking over their shoulders more than once .
tr	NN	"Part of him wished it could be as simple as "" mad . """
tr	NN	An aura of self-importance enveloped him .
tr	NNS	His vital signs were markedly lower than yesterday , and his blood pressure was now reaching dangerously levels .
tr	NNS	On the seventh afternoon , my worries finally get the best of me .
tr	NNS	Black spots danced before his eyes and he feared he 'd lose consciousness again .
tr	NNS	Curious to see the rest of the apartment , Hannah followed him down the narrow hallway .
tr	NN	The pilot was another matter .
tr	NN	The acknowledgment made her a bit sad .
tr	NNS	Odysseus wondered how much it had cost , and why the king had bothered .
tr	NN	At all stages of life , wisdom always escapes us by what looks like a short margin and life-long , we chase stupidity .
tr	NN	The teacher 's already know that I won 't be here tomorrow .
tr	NN	""" How 's your uncle ? """
tr	NNS	His multicolored scales glisten in the sunlight , lighting up the rock and the water that surrounds it like a rainbow .
tr	NN	Not a belly laugh , like her father or some of the men back in Idris , but a more refined laugh .
tr	NNS	Lights on upstairs , well , that was a relief .
tr	NNS	Two nurses brushed past me , pushing an operating table with a dead soldier lying on it .
tr	NNS	"Looks like I 'm too valuable to kill . """
tr	NN	There 's a heap of old junk the builders have dug up .
tr	NNS	Three counts passed before I summoned my voice .
tr	NNS	The dwarves stiffened and Grumpy reached for his knife .
tr	NN	Her resolve wavered several times during that long afternoon .
tr	NN	It was owned and run by Mr. Kent , the fairly popular actor turned movie maker mogul .
tr	NNS	Reyes sat in front of the hearth , his fingers drumming on the arm of his chair .
tr	NNS	The bars of a slow song filled the room , and Asher 's grin turned suggestive as he held out a hand .
tr	NN	Only the particular runner I 'm trying to attract today will really notice .
tr	NN	The commander shook his head .
tr	NN	A small mob materialized around Ridley , but Clay whisked her off .
tr	NN	A parade of nurses and doctors followed with much probing and groping , and after an hour Clay fell asleep .
tr	NNS	Alexis looked up at Amanda , who just stared at her .
tr	NN	"The mortal mugged Marguerite and we followed the phone here . """
tr	NN	""" For the power of the God Killer will transfer to you ."
tr	NN	The bullet thumped into her back and threw her into Ty .
tr	NN	Cole 's aura screamed .
tr	NN	The hunger must be coming upon her , too .
tr	NNS	"The wolves are restless and we must tread carefully . """
tr	NN	""" The museum has a security system on the ground floor , covering all the doors and windows on that level ."
tr	NNS	Alexis told me a new Station 's planned for Sector Twelve .
tr	NNS	Flowers covered the ground of the clearing .
tr	NN	A growl rumbled from Romulus ' chest .
tr	NNS	Vicious little creatures , like the one that I fought in the first garden , are attacking the vigilantes .
tr	NNS	"The nurses finally calmed her down a bit with a game of checkers . """
tr	NN	' Trust me , ' Love said .
tr	NN	My escorts weren 't naive , inexperienced little things .
tr	NN	The pen slipped out of my grip , flinging forward and smacking the head of a girl sitting two seats in front of me .
tr	NN	The leader must have understood Rick 's intention .
tr	NN	The regiment was short of everything : spare parts , ammo , clothes , food , and , in his opinion , leadership .
tr	NNS	There were already cameras in most of the corridors of the building , just in case they were needed .
tr	NN	Part of her recoiled at her question , but another part was curious .
tr	NNS	And fairies are living here now .
tr	NN	""" If you have any questions , there is a manual inside the top left drawer of your desk ."
tr	NNS	Some teachers eventually pulled him off and threatened to call the cops .
tr	NNS	The servants continued to stare at me as I turned my back and tramped away .
tr	NNS	""" Hey , you ladies did a great job last night in the Christmas program , ey !"
tr	NN	When she found it , a churning mass of tattered neon burst into her mind .
tr	NN	Her piercing growl was horrifying .
tr	NN	Down the ramp went until it locked into place giving the men a clear path to escape .
tr	NNS	As soon as I stood up and could see a wider landscape , my fears eased and I knew we 'd found water .
tr	NNS	Things were still moving far too fast .
tr	NN	Love stepped inside and looked round .
tr	NNS	Two figures stood upon the terrace unseen , watching the man known by the world as Adolf Hitler .
tr	NN	""" Something scarier , scary enough for even those horrors to stay away from , "" she pushed ."
tr	NN	There 's a spark between them .
tr	NNS	The three patrons sitting by the long chrome counter immediately swiveled their heads in the direction of the booth .
tr	NNS	The drinks arrived and Fitch gulped his tea .
tr	NNS	Around us , our footsteps echoed in the silence .
tr	NN	""" A werewolf , "" Starla said ."
tr	NN	He sent the scales back , each batch wrapped up like a present , to the corresponding fathers .
tr	NN	The whistle became stronger .
tr	NN	""" My papa lives in heaven with God . """
tr	NN	The canyon ended , and the bats headed into a large tunnel that twisted and turned every which way .
tr	NN	A thoughtful wrinkle appeared on her otherwise smooth forehead .
tr	NNS	""" Three shots at eleven A.M. ?"
tr	NN	His lance caught and nearly toppled Duncan .
tr	NN	My gratitude must have taken her aback , because she didn 't say anything for a few seconds .
tr	NNS	Behind them , the evenly spaced bars of a cage peeked out from under a canvas .
tr	NNS	Things that were old , new , borrowed , and blue .
tr	NN	' Oh , master , whatever shall we do ? '
tr	NNS	Dragons are extinct after all .
tr	NNS	Marius looked around the parking structure with a scowl , seemingly expecting to be attacked at any moment .
tr	NN	I always here Violet wake up , her gasping ritual too loud to sleep through .
tr	NN	The little cub was still , her breathing deep and even .
tr	NN	An all too familiar accent pierced my dark thoughts .
tr	NN	My pulse maintained its rapid pace and I clenched myself tight around him , my face screwing up as Will 's heavy breaths surrounded me .
tr	NNS	Others were there too .
tr	NN	' What 's his condition ?
tr	NNS	""" Who are the appropriate authorities in this case ? """
tr	NNS	Shattered bits of yellow fangs showered the deck as the ghoul rebounded .
tr	NNS	Our tongues sensually tangled , softly and gently , in direct odds with our rough coupling .
tr	NN	The gang leader looked over at the bus , and Derek 's eyes veered away , suddenly preoccupied by the radio dial .
tr	NNS	The countess tucked the blankets back around Mathieu .
tr	NN	His Hand now holds mine and I know how much my rebellion cost Him : His very life .
tr	NNS	""" There are thousands down there , Lily !"
tr	NN	Its tip was of the same shape as Alvin 's blisters .
tr	NN	His pulse thumped rapidly .
tr	NNS	""" Your commands are obeyed , your lordship . """
tr	NNS	The speeches were winding down .
tr	NNS	Things had certainly progressed afterward .
tr	NN	"By the end of our venture , Palgrave and I were deep in debt with nothing to show fer it , "" the captain explained ."
tr	NN	""" A spark that ignited the underground gas tank would take half the airport with it . """
tr	NN	The last inch he slammed inside her , going as deep as he could .
tr	NNS	Two containers of what looked like melted butter ( but might not be ) flanked them .
tr	NN	""" How 's the external vision filter ? """
tr	NNS	The paleness of the King against his black features made him look sinister and dark .
tr	NNS	Aurelius had an unobtrusive grip on Gavin 's arm .
tr	NN	The confirmation relieved me .
tr	NNS	""" But , forgive me ; I do not mean to be ungrateful , "" Laurence said , "" - the mushrooms ?"
tr	NNS	No question about it , his instincts told him Williams and Taylor were one hell of a team to have in the ranks .
tr	NN	The second page showed a much more developed drawing of the same cartoon character .
tr	NN	""" But I -- "" "" Is this some proving for you ?"
tr	NN	Another dragon flew under the one Izzy held on to , and that 's when Izzy released her grip on the mane .
tr	NNS	The strands were now a plain brown .
tr	NNS	For one thing , there are two halves .
tr	NNS	The warriors were the last to leave , making sure everyone was safe .
tr	NN	Her laboratory in the Academy holds the most advanced magic storage tech in the known world .
tr	NNS	""" What are his chances ? """
tr	NN	A school tour had passed earlier , but the echoes of giggles had faded thirty minutes ago .
tr	NNS	Their face masks looked even creepier than before up close .
tr	NN	""" What does the senator say ? """
tr	NN	Maybe the spider had seen the misery and desperation in my eyes .
tr	NN	There really is no mistaking what they are .
tr	NNS	"There are alligators in the lakes , and water moccasins , too -- "" Now I did turn from the window ."
tr	NNS	The media had a field day with the accident .
tr	NN	A measure of his love was his willingness to stand by and watch her fly off on her own .
tr	NNS	All the instincts in the world are worthless if you can 't work within the system .
tr	NNS	Myles didn 't seem to like this story .
tr	NN	His partner had kept a couple of fish for himself instead of registering them dockside .
tr	NN	The command was sharp and authoritative .
tr	NNS	There were no further cues required .
tr	NNS	The mysteries had all vanished from her face .
tr	NNS	But again , the authorities called it death by natural causes .
tr	NN	Her wildcat wanted to come out and play , to feel the forest floor underneath her paws , to taste the wind .
tr	NN	How can a publicly funded museum outbid some plutocrat with money burning a hole in his pocket ?
tr	NNS	There were seats lined up , and she had a clear view of the underwater reefs .
tr	NN	Inside the triangle , the pulsing created an unsettling feeling , like his insides were being pulled together .
tr	NN	The medication was still making her slightly sick , and she tired easily .
tr	NNS	Roving gangs worked over the crowds of desperate people until they too ran out of food .
tr	NNS	My movements may be forceful and precise , but they 're blunted by the cloudy nature of my mind .
tr	NN	"The book 's creator asked : "" Do you want to send Selena into the Endless Cycle ?"
tr	NNS	The saddles were lightweight affairs , clearly designed for mounted fighting , although they were equally effective for working herds .
tr	NNS	There were absolutely no security cameras in the hallway .
tr	NNS	Names and addresses , ' said Susan , flicking through the pages .
tr	NN	That reeking humming hoard stayed in the city and then froze to it when winter came on suddenly that year .
tr	NN	His throaty rumbling started deep in his chest .
tr	NN	The night chorus rose , missing Sam 's plaintive voice but gorgeous nonetheless .
tr	NNS	The gorillas were very close - close enough for him to touch them , close enough to smell the sweet , musty odor of their bodies .
tr	NN	There is much reflection of the flames in your eyes , Rohm .
tr	NNS	Dogs are dogs and they 're pretty simple .
tr	NNS	The beggars looked at them .
tr	NN	It ' l quiet your mind .
tr	NN	A landing in a remote area of what had once been the Sahara would lead them up along the Nile to a seaport .
tr	NN	The light tap on the side door startled her .
tr	NN	This unit had a window in the door and Michael could see that the lead was about a foot thick .
tr	NNS	The media called it the Saint Valentine 's Day Massacre Part II even though it happened in the late fall .
tr	NNS	The drops might hit at random , but they ran down the glass with monotonous regularity .
tr	NN	Inside the little crib there was indeed another doll , only its head visible above tiny coverlets .
tr	NNS	""" Well , when it was first enclosed , there were many exits left ."
tr	NNS	Standing behind the railing , four pairs of eyes watched their approach .
tr	NN	The lightning cast eerie shadows on the walls ; each one was a vision that was already running through her troubled mind .
tr	NN	Above the lamplight , a roller coaster towered over the park .
tr	NNS	Dragons had vanished more than a millennium ago according to historical tomes .
tr	NN	The courtroom is small and stuffy .
tr	NN	But every avenue he tried , every method he used , led only to uncertainty .
tr	NNS	""" All the servants think a great deal of her . """
tr	NN	The absurdity of the object sent the room into sustained laughter .
tr	NN	Just as quickly , the cramping stopped and the pain disappeared .
tr	NNS	"And when it is actually hungry , chances are the closest prey to it will not be you . """
tr	NNS	Things ground to a halt the day you left , and they 've been barely squeaking along since then .
tr	NNS	Those strings were wrapping around him , tighter and tighter , with every second that passed .
tr	NN	A quick slice through the knot dissolved the weave .
tr	NN	The younger deputy appeared and told them he had called in the model and plate number of Sam 's car .
tr	NN	The captain fell silent and , turning , watched the road from his vantage point .
tr	NNS	My predictions were iffy .
tr	NNS	His boxers came off with them until he was sitting in front of her , naked and as hard as he 'd ever been in his life .
tr	NN	Unexpectedly her womb clenched .
tr	NNS	The drugs must have kicked in .
tr	NN	And his prey had finally returned to the city .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries froze in fear ; the tables had been violently turned on them .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of hunger started to fade and were replaced by thoughts of my jellyfish friends and family .
tr	NNS	The petals are a soft velvet .
tr	NNS	""" Our abilities are stronger than we could have imagined because of how quickly our network is expanding ."
tr	NN	The idle chit chat the concepts had been sharing ceased .
tr	NNS	Often there were sheer cliffs that descended into deep and craggy valleys below .
tr	NN	The van rocked to a halt .
tr	NN	Swirling steam rose to capture the bright sunlight , taking on glowing life .
tr	NN	Only Sandra Cheney and Regis 's receptionist added estrogen to the mix .
tr	NNS	Few hotels had robes in the rooms anymore .
tr	NN	Verity saw the hunger , desperate hope , and violent command in his eyes before the white glare faded .
tr	NNS	"The cards need your energy . """
tr	NN	There is a detectable pattern that may in fact be that signal .
tr	NNS	Things started out quietly enough .
tr	NN	The farther you got from the windows , the less flashy and more mundane everything looked .
tr	NN	Sean 's adrenaline eased the slightest bit .
tr	NNS	The wolves sang slowly behind him , bittersweet harmony , but all I heard was Sam .
tr	NN	The hidden canyon had plenty of room for the horse to move about to evade a mountain lion , should one threaten him .
tr	NNS	Her French , she was proud to say , sounded as good as his Italian had last night .
tr	NNS	As we continued our surveillance from a distance , my hopes of a rescue continued to rise .
tr	NNS	Things were different now .
tr	NN	Not a word gentry used very often .
tr	NN	Annabelle 's harsh command caused Dani to jump in surprise .
tr	NNS	The thumbs up held nothing but a patronising sneer .
tr	NNS	' There are two types of person in this society .
tr	NN	I pick up her hand and hold it , my rough thumb stroking hers .
tr	NN	If the cold didn 't kill them , the lack of air soon would .
tr	NN	The cottage was a typical dwelling done in Draco style .
tr	NN	But if I wanted to look at what was behind the sheets , the stool would be handy .
tr	NNS	""" Then why did his goons threaten me if I didn 't disappear ?"
tr	NN	The golden tinge of the lymph was darkening and turning cloudy .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to bask in that .
tr	NN	""" Your grandmother let me borrow it ."
tr	NNS	About a dozen snack cakes fell out along with an iPod , some ear buds , and some power bars .
tr	NNS	Touch screens were still expensive and they definitely weren 't paper thin .
tr	NN	My nerve failed me .
tr	NN	There was no negotiating with this woman .
tr	NNS	Several framed posters of her favorite bands and musicians adorned the walls .
tr	NN	The maid came and put the drinks down on the table .
tr	NN	Then his boot smashed down and ground the bug into oblivion .
tr	NN	The meaty mercenary was still there , leaning against the wall , picking his fingernails with a knife .
tr	NNS	The vacant seats seemed to indicate that the crew had somewhere suffered severe casualties .
tr	NN	His trick was rather convincing , if I was a child that is .
tr	NN	A vicious slit stretched across his right cheek ; Thomas could see teeth through the raw , festering wound .
tr	NNS	Parts of me had changed for the better , too .
tr	NN	The leader took his mobile phone and pressed a speed dial button .
tr	NNS	""" The living quarters are on this side ."
tr	NN	There was no page dedicated to the owners or staff .
tr	NN	Her pulse quadrupled as she opened the door .
tr	NN	Nausea threatened to overwhelm her ; then she noticed that everything looked blurry .
tr	NN	Her determination had been a fearsome thing when she 'd been a child , and it had gotten worse as she 'd grown older .
tr	NNS	In truth , the newspapers had talked about the possible increase in tumors in the near future .
tr	NNS	The footsteps had fallen silent .
tr	NNS	No noticeable effects were initially observed and all test groups were prepared and placed in the chambers .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbing , pulling .
tr	NN	""" Most are being retrained , "" said The Manager ."
tr	NNS	Things have been quiet for weeks now .
tr	NN	The pale scrawny refugee and all the rest that followed , along with the millions of souls following me , melted off like running water .
tr	NNS	""" Ladies and gentlemen , Congressman Jones 's bill suggests that there is no other course of action ."
tr	NN	Real fright isn 't like the movies .
tr	NNS	Gramps hands me a wrench .
tr	NNS	Their overalls looked bulky and I guessed they were wearing protective vests .
tr	NNS	Well , pompous was the word .
tr	NN	The monkey thought ' t was oil in fun , Pop !
tr	NN	A roar went up from the males .
tr	NN	There is a local tribe of Indians we met yesterday , and they are willing to trade with us and have offered assistance .
tr	NNS	My sobs grew louder .
tr	NNS	""" My grandparents are waiting outside with Anthony , probably just as apprehensive about all of this as you are ."
tr	NNS	The barks are distant at first , but grow rapidly louder as the dog makes its way through the house .
tr	NN	The gentleman behind the wheel of the rusty truck had a greasy face and wore a baseball cap tilted low over his forehead .
tr	NN	The portal charm was on the werewolf .
tr	NNS	Were those footsteps heavy or light ?
tr	NNS	Joshua had pulled up his sleeves , the sinewy cords of muscle embossed with veins .
tr	NNS	More than once , colleagues had recommended the name of a good therapist and confided that the person had helped them .
tr	NN	So the first layer of attendees was people who had been in government when he had been president .
tr	NN	Somewhere her tiger tail flicks with displeasure .
tr	NNS	The colleges were buzzing with radical ideas of reform that my parents didn 't want to see me involved in .
tr	NNS	Though the hour was late , a few couples in evening clothes were window-shopping at the funky storefronts along the route Forte had taken .
tr	NNS	The inches quickly deepened to metres .
tr	NN	The stylist had done wonders with her hair and suggested she color it .
tr	NN	The captain moved away , giving orders to a group of men .
tr	NN	How 's your salad by the way ?
tr	NN	Not since his regiment left to serve under Sir Arthur Wellesley in the Sixth Coalition against the Emperor Napoleon .
tr	NNS	Under normal circumstances , the toothless defenses of Odessa wouldn 't be too worrisome for the Israeli agents passing through .
tr	NN	""" That stupid scratch could 've seriously injured you or worse , Layla . """
tr	NN	A small dome-shaped mountain surrounded by lush green jungle came into view as the canoe approached the island 's northern shore .
tr	NNS	Shopping centers with empty parking lots lined the main road through town .
tr	NN	A real predator like that could kill lambs , calves or the Thompson 's poultry .
tr	NN	Which superhero used a crossbow ?
tr	NNS	There were aromas that I was not used to smelling beyond the salty water .
tr	NN	I moved forward , the lantern held out in front of me .
tr	NNS	Two wolves broke from the woods .
tr	NNS	The wolves weren 't budging , and my circulation was draining out from my fingertips .
tr	NN	There was a half-hearted applause from the team before Ezekiel Mustaine turned and climbed the stairs to the observation room , his entourage in tow .
tr	NN	A massive wisteria vine crawled over whatever it could find , covering camellias with cascades of purple flowers and thick , brown vines .
tr	NN	"Anything your daddy calls you ? """
tr	NN	Part of him hoped she 'd follow him , beg him to come back in so they could work things out .
tr	NNS	Their efforts to take over failed .
tr	NNS	Kids dying , lives ruined , that 's acceptable , the cost of doing business .
tr	NNS	"Others like us . """
tr	NN	The backdrop of the bright blue sky mirrors the water and blinds the hell out of my eyes .
tr	NNS	His fingernails and toenails tingled .
tr	NNS	The importance of the discovery entirely aside , the production values were brilliant .
tr	NN	This tie won 't come off .
tr	NNS	"Mixed species come out whichever species happens to have the dominant gene . """
tr	NN	The pilot shrugged his good shoulder .
tr	NN	The liquid was nearly clear ; just the faintest blue tinged the thin , watery fluid .
tr	NNS	Annabelle left the room , her footsteps fading .
tr	NN	Instead of disappearing through the arch , the last model made a sharp turn back toward the runway .
tr	NNS	""" He 's changed , but more than that , there are depths to him one cannot see unless he reveals them ."
tr	NNS	""" All vamps have fangs and claws ."
tr	NNS	Three wolves sauntered up to them and waited , still in wolf form .
tr	NN	Your very own uncle wanted to place you into servitude .
tr	NNS	Part One The King 's Champion Chapter 1 The shutters swinging in the storm winds were the only sign of her entry .
tr	NNS	Surely the spirit warriors would seek to destroy him , and they could follow faster than he could escape .
tr	NNS	The strong winds changed , redirecting the fire and sending the smoke cloud billowing back down the mountainside and across the dirt road .
tr	NN	""" Let 's sit down , "" Chance said ."
tr	NNS	The sheriff 's visits were getting fewer and farther between .
tr	NN	A werewolf 's passion wasn 't an easy thing .
tr	NNS	Maris blinked at him in total bewilderment , as if he 'd said something in a foreign language .
tr	NNS	Things happened , like they always do .
tr	NN	The government has taken an interest in this case .
tr	NNS	There was still one Prescott .
tr	NNS	But the werewolves were different .
tr	NNS	Just the few inches the tight bedclothes binding her allowed .
tr	NN	A live presentation by this author was far more interesting than merely reading his writing , which had been engaging enough .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach were doing a circus act .
tr	NNS	Things had changed during her sickness .
tr	NN	' No , thanks , ' Love said , and smiled .
tr	NNS	Things have begun to make sense to me .
tr	NN	Elsewhere , however , the mountain slanted back strongly , and even gave her space to lean and rest .
tr	NNS	Things would come when they was right and proper .
tr	NNS	"Tea breaks : a period of time without working solely to enjoy a beverage , madness , but imagine a world without it . """
tr	NN	There was no hesitation when I rammed it into its side .
tr	NNS	A few loud shouts rang out in the clearing , and Alejo muttered a very bad word .
tr	NNS	Even if we cut all our carbon emissions to zero by tomorrow , the oceans will continue to rise for at least another fifty years .
tr	NN	' What 's surgery ? '
tr	NN	The tip has a little blood on it and I wipe it off on a piece of toilet paper .
tr	NN	"My lack of gumball machine skills might 've given me away . """
tr	NNS	Their siblings were the last two people on earth that should have ended up blissfully happy together .
tr	NN	The TV made a popping sound as the screen went black .
tr	NNS	""" There are never guarantees , Bernard ."
tr	NNS	Myles walked over to the sliding glass door and found droplets of blood even there .
tr	NNS	Looks like I have to go back today or tomorrow .
tr	NN	""" Ok then , just let me know when you have a few days . """
tr	NNS	Looks like you were having quite a lunch up here .
tr	NNS	His paintings are beautiful .
tr	NNS	Apparently the opposing factions in the Battle for Sutton Drive-In had found the beached boat made for good cover .
tr	NNS	"Those sirens are waiting and you know I 'm never one to leave them to sing alone . """
tr	NN	There were twenty-two of us , at last count , anyway .
tr	NN	""" If these are incorrect , my employer will make your retirement most ... uncomfortable . """
tr	NNS	While they planned for his inauguration at a later date , opponents immediately called for investigations into voter fraud and election violations .
tr	NNS	The fireworks tore across the heavens , burning brighter as they picked up speed before finally dipping out of sight below the line of the horizon .
tr	NN	A few more kicks and I would be free .
tr	NNS	The chains , essentially , had become a nightmare of sensation .
tr	NNS	Climbing over the railing , down the rope ladder and into the row boat , Diana rows as Marie and Blue Cloud sit in the boat .
tr	NN	Behind me , the shriek of a demon pierced the deserted halls of the hospital .
tr	NN	With one long stride , the Ancient landed just beside the boys as they reeled back out of the way .
tr	NNS	""" All the tests we have run on the air samples indicate no harmful organisms at all . """
tr	NNS	Looks like Dudley 's tricks are proving beneficial one last time .
tr	NNS	My dingy surroundings fell away , replaced by a huge room with soaring ceilings , elegant furniture , and tapestries on every wall .
tr	NN	Their long fur was standing on end and they were mad with hunger , but there was something so fierce and powerful about them .
tr	NN	Even though it wasn 't a hospital , the stench of old bodies and weak bladders was pungent .
tr	NN	""" The vote is close , too close for us to afford this kind of snafu ."
tr	NN	The tip of her nose was red , and her green eyes were swollen from the springtime pollen .
tr	NN	The referee ended the count and the bell ringed , announcing the end of the match .
tr	NNS	Moses stepped up onto the small stage .
tr	NNS	The four band members entered the city .
tr	NN	""" I , ah , ah , really don 't know ."
tr	NN	There was a full underground tank filled with 500 gallons of propane , so we were prepared for baths or showers .
tr	NNS	But for the space of a few stolen moments , all her worries slid away under the reassuring stroke of his tongue .
tr	NNS	His Google directions ended there as if all of Hearken lay at this single point on the map and there was nothing more to see .
tr	NNS	"The usual media disinformation campaign . """
tr	NNS	My hopes , my dreams , and my life all smashed with it .
tr	NN	A butterfly landed on her shoulder as she smiled and continued her way down the pathway as it led down a hill .
tr	NN	The dread left him , too , leaving only despair and desperation .
tr	NN	The gang leader had been a large kid , and when he had joined the squad he transferred his loyalty to the big sergeant .
tr	NN	The pulse at her wrist was racing by the time he reluctantly lifted his hand away and turned back to everyone at the table .
tr	NNS	There were tens of thousands of them , all silent , every face watching me .
tr	NNS	My worries quickly ebb as Mr. Cameron pulls on the leash and steers Spartacus toward the house .
tr	NN	The bleeding goblin had regained its balance , and again charged at Mike with its sword .
tr	NNS	There were so many clean clients to work for .
tr	NN	The stag began to walk .
tr	NNS	""" How far into the night do the drones carry food to the queen ? """
tr	NN	The operator eased the clutch and increased the throttle .
tr	NNS	What prayers have the gods not answered that make you so red faced ?
tr	NN	Right now , in bed with Marcus , all that mattered was what she was feeling .
tr	NN	The sheriff stopped talking to the women and it became awkwardly quiet in the car .
tr	NN	The FBO 's concierge informed him of an unexpected delay , made apologies , and introduced Ivan to his pilot .
tr	NN	""" Those brave beetles ."
tr	NNS	The werewolves claimed vampires were soulless , bloodsucking monsters with no shred of humanity or decency .
tr	NN	""" This witness may step down , and I 'd like to see both attorneys in my chambers ."
tr	NN	""" What was - "" Her uncle jerked , falling backwards onto her , nearly knocking her over ."
tr	NNS	""" But , oh , Tom , your wrists - "" They were torn , bleeding ."
tr	NN	The suitcase barely weighed anything and was simply a few essentials my mom had thrown together for me .
tr	NNS	Things feel strange and awkward .
tr	NN	The warrior , however , had no idea who she was or why she wanted anything to do with him .
tr	NN	""" I honestly don , t know ."
tr	NN	... then his papa died in a car accident and he had to go back to England , ' she concluded .
tr	NN	The lightning was out of the bottle .
tr	NNS	The villagers screamed in terror of the giant fox fiend .
tr	NNS	He had been alone for far too long , had spent a dozen lifetimes waiting for her .
tr	NN	""" Maybe the pilot did , too . """
tr	NNS	The email addresses weren 't instantly familiar - they looked like personal accounts - but the signatures were .
tr	NNS	Things were going well .
tr	NN	"My grandmother used melted lead , and she said her grandmother used melted silver , but she told me wax would do . """
tr	NN	Human medicine had screwed me over .
tr	NNS	Others showed nothing more than the pink shine of a new burn .
tr	NNS	Things had gone so well yesterday !
tr	NNS	"The symptoms fit . """
tr	NNS	Soldiers to fight , and to die , to prepare the world for the Last Battle .
tr	NNS	There were rows of glass display cases in the center , and the walls were lined with grotesque statues .
tr	NN	There 's a poof and then suddenly I 'm not in a room with a Reaper but with a raven .
tr	NN	""" ' Rich ' wouldn 't be enough to describe her . """
tr	NN	The nape of my neck hung tenderly in his mouth .
tr	NNS	Others said that he had sprung out of the mountain .
tr	NN	His daddy made a funny noise .
tr	NNS	The figures still came .
tr	NN	The goblin narrowed his eyes at Willow and she instinctively cringed into Declan 's side .
tr	NN	Every pound of the hammer was like someone beating on her heart with their fists and every scoop of the shovel dug deep down into her gut .
tr	NN	""" Her name was Victoria , "" the redhead answered ."
tr	NN	The bundle might 've hit lucky , while he might not .
tr	NNS	The bikes began to rise .
tr	NNS	Things will start making sense around here pretty soon .
tr	NN	Rescue was a forlorn hope at this point .
tr	NN	The implication was that small-town middle of farm country wasn 't the most likely place to find a writer of paranormal thrillers .
tr	NNS	""" Animals have spirits ."
tr	NNS	""" Gun shots , "" Dent said , running in the direction of the sheep , yelling orders as he went ."
tr	NN	As she 'd guessed , the announcement made the boys put aside their nervousness and barrage her with questions , starting with What ?
tr	NN	Why couldn 't the ambassador of alien goodwill live closer to the airport ?
tr	NN	"Who is the Sub Unit commander ? """
tr	NN	Farnsworth leapt to his feet , agitated , pacing toward the door until Hancock put his hand out to halt the other man .
tr	NNS	""" Horse pills and broken records , "" said Jenkins ."
tr	NNS	Some members of the faculty had wanted to have a memorial during the ceremony , showing slides of them and having some students give speeches .
tr	NN	Now their role model had turned on them , and no one seemed to know how to react .
tr	NN	The Battle of Rishi had convinced him that this meeting was required .
tr	NN	A mass of bruises , cuts and lash marks covered her from head to toe .
tr	NNS	Bake sales , car washes , school plays ; they were no shows .
tr	NN	The stench of his prey was overpowering , and he followed unerringly .
tr	NN	The government and all are doing stuff right ?
tr	NN	A sentence in Blake 's handwriting starts appearing .
tr	NN	"The writing found on the margins of the gold map . """
tr	NNS	The ram 's huge horns struck the stone slab with the force of an earthquake .
tr	NN	And remember , no-one is to move in until they get the all-clear from the trap squad .
tr	NNS	The four band members faced King Richard .
tr	NNS	Rufus says the artist is of considerable note .
tr	NN	Her flashlight dimmed and went out .
tr	NN	A choking haze had already enveloped the Water Beetle , and I couldn 't see beyond the next row of docks .
tr	NNS	Flames sprayed from the tips of his claws , creating a circle of fire around the two of them .
tr	NN	The import of this , for human science , or at least for human interstellar commerce , was beyond measure .
tr	NNS	Aris cleared his throat , an obvious interjection .
tr	NNS	There were no streetlights out here and the houses were a good distance apart ; each sat on a plot of land of at least two acres .
tr	NNS	""" Lilith 's minions are on the move ."
tr	NN	So that even if she walks out of our uncle 's dungeon one day , she ' l just be a walking corpse .
tr	NNS	The cobwebs clinging to her hair and the spider that crawled from underneath the lid did nothing to alleviate her jitters .
tr	NN	The key prosecution witness was dead .
tr	NNS	Things could have been far worse ; the world could have been a completely different and far more awful place .
tr	NN	"Her interruption was actually welcome until she added , "" You have your belt test today , remember . """
tr	NNS	""" Things were great at first until I realized that our relationship was all fake . """
tr	NNS	The two captains collapsed to the ground , clutching their chests .
tr	NN	The human condition is a type of infection .
tr	NNS	"Things would be soooo much easier in our relationship if you were . """
tr	NN	He final y shook his head and started walking again .
tr	NN	""" The castle is massive , Jon ."
tr	NNS	There were no beggars on the street and there were rows upon rows of quaint little houses all neatly manicured and freshly painted .
tr	NNS	My surroundings turned blacker .
tr	NNS	The hills roll for miles ; green , flourishing , dotted with trees and hikers .
tr	NNS	Then his head dips , and my lips tingle with anticipation .
tr	NN	The best option was to keep things between us as surface as possible .
tr	NNS	There were bigger drops ahead ?
tr	NNS	Rats scurried along the edges of the wall unconcerned about my presence , however , I was quite concerned about them -- I hate rats .
tr	NN	Link cal ed from the darkness .
tr	NN	The cough comes again and I wander over to the room directly opposite Mrs. Mayberry 's .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered down .
tr	NNS	""" Just a small one , "" the duchess replied ."
tr	NN	The habit seemed unbreakable .
tr	NNS	His ancestors had certainly known how to live .
tr	NNS	Again , congratulations passed back and forth until a happy silence fell back on the room .
tr	NNS	Waves of curls , the same brown as James 's hair , swayed from side to side .
tr	NNS	The gun blasts were deafening to both Paul and Greg .
tr	NN	""" Your birthday present ."
tr	NNS	Now that it was running , the blades of the helicopter didn 't so much roar as scream .
tr	NNS	Nihil runs towards the barricades , disappears behind a heap of rubble ; three shots in a row .
tr	NN	Why it mattered that he should consider her a warrior worthy of respect didn 't bear thinking about .
tr	NNS	At the bottom were arrangements of different shoes .
tr	NN	The theory seemed to hold .
tr	NNS	""" There 's a million possibilities - places either one of us could be in just a few minutes if there 's a need . """
tr	NN	And , besides , your grandmother and I had to think about the future .
tr	NN	A blush covered her cheeks .
tr	NNS	And situations like this were exactly why .
tr	NNS	Melissa blinked in surprise , the pupils of her dark eyes dilated slightly .
tr	NN	He pivoted away , surprisingly light on his feet and launched himself at me , the rag clutched tight in his hand .
tr	NNS	At first images arose .
tr	NN	The demand was greater than the available rooms .
tr	NNS	Our tongues twisted so fiercely together , so deeply into the each other 's mouths , I had trouble knowing where one stopped and the other began .
tr	NN	At some point the teacher came over and had a look at what I had on screen .
tr	NN	Becoming consumed by her was dangerous territory .
tr	NN	""" The ale is not to your liking ?"
tr	NN	Her together and loving personality that day was a veneer hiding the destructive person she was .
tr	NNS	His followers are around him .
tr	NN	A canyon that could be bridged if one of us started building it .
tr	NN	The low priest consulted a scrap of paper .
tr	NN	The captain refused to take care of them and left them behind .
tr	NNS	Things her ex-husband had told her were bad .
tr	NN	The private investigator was tired and frustrated .
tr	NN	The rope drilled into that pale skin so tight that it was beginning to look like it was one with the skin .
tr	NNS	Then footsteps approached the door .
tr	NNS	Angelus spoke the final word of the Cast and opened his eyes in time to watch Xavier 's hair fall out in tufts .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , as sometimes happens , the pills also bring vivid dreams , or in this case , nightmares .
tr	NN	The committee looked on in wonder .
tr	NN	A loud sniffle came through the earpiece .
tr	NN	""" The master 's daughter . """
tr	NNS	But before he 'd taken more than a half dozen steps in my direction , two more Reapers had moved to block him .
tr	NNS	After the darkness , the colours were dazzling , and the sun on the water was painful to his eyes .
tr	NN	Stratton 's chuckle faded as they came onto the mechanics of just where and when he 'd be able to get a written report to Jac .
tr	NN	There was no taint of power , no voids to indicate an evil one was near .
tr	NNS	Gone were the tall spires -- the tallest one replaced by a cloud of smoke and dust .
tr	NN	Part of the draw of Shelby is its graveyard , perfect for calling on demons .
tr	NN	The tall redhead entered the stable and moved toward her with long strides .
tr	NNS	Things don 't become things just right away .
tr	NNS	Her boobs are almost spilling from her top , black lace creeping up above the neck of her shirt .
tr	NNS	The two ideas jostled in her mind .
tr	NNS	Hands press against my shoulder blades and shove me forward .
tr	NNS	Those changes were to keep him from being overwhelmed .
tr	NN	The dwarf stirred his coffee and took a sip .
tr	NN	"How can a contract be binding when signed by a mere boy ? """
tr	NNS	Words were not coming for the first time in days .
tr	NN	"The shooter 's going to pay for that . """
tr	NNS	Images and memories surged in my mind like a hurricane .
tr	NN	"Before the bastard put her down . """
tr	NN	There was a slit on her throat , still open , with water pouring forth instead of blood .
tr	NN	A unicorn will surely come strolling around the hedgerow now .
tr	NNS	Gentry magical skills ranged greatly .
tr	NN	""" A tasty reptile crisis . """
tr	NNS	""" The roads are not good ."
tr	NNS	Funerals -- possibilities abound . '
tr	NNS	Others think it was for smuggling .
tr	NN	The cushion between Gary and Josephine exploded and stuffing burst into the air .
tr	NN	When a man has the stars in his eyes , legend says he must serve them above all others .
tr	NNS	Several scales are missing .
tr	NNS	My apologies to ye young feisty fellow .
tr	NN	The last strike must have bruised her muscle which made it painful to walk .
tr	NN	Grief and seclusion had weakened him .
tr	NN	But there was no other explanation for the way he 'd been feeling since Belinda had departed .
tr	NNS	Families inherited the property where they resided while collective farm workers gained shares in their businesses after the government had converted them into corporations .
tr	NN	A massive chandelier hung centrally to the entire affair ; the light was bright and intense , and lit most of the room .
tr	NNS	Then the large , pale yellow tiles that lined the road in front of me came into focus .
tr	NNS	The little creatures become aware of it , and start leaping off Des and running toward me .
tr	NN	An angel looked up from the marble departure desk .
tr	NNS	The two servants looked a little surprised that the doctor their lady had come to consult was this striking young gentleman in evening dress .
tr	NNS	Four trillion , seven billion , thirty-six million , nine thousand , seven hundred , and fifty-eight matches .
tr	NNS	A few drops landed on my t-shirt but it was dark and I hoped she wouldn 't notice .
tr	NNS	The blades went through with enough force to knick a chip off of the underside of the front ribs .
tr	NN	""" Her delicious chocolatier ."
tr	NN	The estate was nearly settled , every penny of the Antonelli 's money transferred to an account for the girl .
tr	NNS	The air breaks hissed and the truck began to slow its pace as they moved slowly closer to the unloading docks in the rear of the plant .
tr	NNS	There were four of them , standard store-bought items made of painted steel .
tr	NNS	The aliens had her .
tr	NN	My team leader probably figured that we weren 't going to stop pestering him .
tr	NN	A distinctive older gentleman entered the room as well .
tr	NNS	Do steroids cancel out a sedative ?
tr	NNS	The legends are even more true than I thought .
tr	NN	A pot of soup or stew on the stove gave off a tantalizing aroma .
tr	NN	""" The endless parade of fashion can become a bit dull . """
tr	NN	""" My wonderful darling little girl ?"
tr	NNS	The whispers die away .
tr	NN	In the middle of the table was a spider .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails bit hard into her palm .
tr	NN	"A very low rem range , it seems like , and we 're obviously unaffected , otherwise we 'd have noticed it by now . """
tr	NN	The troll explodes into millions of particles of light that slowly fall to the floor .
tr	NNS	Two more shots rang out .
tr	NNS	Lots of personal stuff was going on and apparently all the arrangements had been made , without me , while I was on the way there .
tr	NNS	""" Things have gone way too far . """
tr	NNS	With their packs and other gear , the other campers were tired and a little winded .
tr	NNS	The winds and waves whisper many secrets .
tr	NN	Normally , a jab wasn 't strong enough to cause serious damage , but considering Lea 's opponent , the jab was strong enough to do it .
tr	NNS	A dozen creatures move through .
tr	NN	"Her voice husky , Claire continued , "" They told me the surgery might not work , anyway ."
tr	NNS	Flowers filled every vacant space , some planted and others wild , but all beautiful in the eye of the visitors .
tr	NNS	""" My own ancestors aren 't much better ."
tr	NNS	His accusations of treason executed Baron Hargreaves , her father .
tr	NN	The beige van had disappeared around the curve of the bridge .
tr	NNS	Questions and doubts tumbled through Stacy 's mind .
tr	NN	This landing , thank the Ancients , wasn 't like the landing Meredith had gone into .
tr	NN	The guilt was even stronger than her craving for a cigarette .
tr	NN	"The deputy replied : "" Under no circumstances are you to go near him . """
tr	NN	Before the first tear dripped down , my squad huddled around , promising to high kick anyone that came close to me .
tr	NN	There was no pulse , no sign of life .
tr	NNS	""" And in the town , cells don 't work ."
tr	NNS	The three group captains responded .
tr	NNS	Heather 's attempts at getting him to listen never worked .
tr	NN	The sheriff will be home soon .
tr	NN	""" I got one more thing I got ta get outta my garage ."
tr	NNS	"But our minds may get nearer . """
tr	NN	My balance was questionable when I wasn 't nak * d with my arms pinned to the top of my head .
tr	NN	The camp I was at , transition for guardian transfer , and this house is where Tedd , and now I , live .
tr	NN	Another tremor passed through Emma as she tried to keep the phone pressed to her ear .
tr	NN	"Your grandmother believes it will be alright . """
tr	NNS	"Animals are killing off our men ! """
tr	NN	Remote and fertile , a wooden , lifeless hearth goddess made suddenly real .
tr	NNS	""" Leaving gaps is no different from a bold lie . """
tr	NN	The courtyard and the house were suffering from serious neglect .
tr	NN	Part of me hated him for his callous treatment , but the rest of me still missed him so much it hurt .
tr	NNS	""" Your Jewels need to be drained . """
tr	NNS	The younger groupies from the van scowled at their rivals , while Bob and Jack remained expressionless .
tr	NNS	For those couple of seconds , all her worries vanished , and there was nothing except the freedom of flying through the air .
tr	NN	And exercise is good for your mind .
tr	NNS	Dad 's eyelids are trembling now too , and in front of all these strangers .
tr	NNS	Her lover 's linguistic abilities were sadly lacking sometimes .
tr	NNS	The leaders were three brothers living in a small farm near Vera Cruz .
tr	NN	Their foliage is more stunning and hearty than anything humans have ever seen .
tr	NN	A grown-up thought he knew what he was talking about !
tr	NN	When Nan winds to a close , the applause is thunderous .
tr	NN	The mangled torso buried beneath the debris caught them both off guard .
tr	NNS	The characters , names , incidents , places , and dialogue are products of the author 's imagination and are not to be construed as real .
tr	NNS	His warm whispers were in my ear , saying he was sorry .
tr	NNS	Looks like it ´ s going to rain .
tr	NN	The fiend tossed me , and I skidded to the middle of a room .
tr	NNS	Romulus showed him the cover page .
tr	NN	I ' ave always said dere is no accounting for taste .
tr	NNS	Others give me a wide berth , look at me with narrowed , suspicious eyes .
tr	NNS	More rats were joining in .
tr	NNS	the cousins showed them in keen anticipation .
tr	NN	It hurt to talk , made the pounding in my head more intense .
tr	NNS	Questions asked too early usually received only a grunting response and a dismissive wave .
tr	NN	Now the sheriff was beginning to sound tired and exasperated .
tr	NN	""" But life is not easy , my darling , and easy won 't always make you happy ."
tr	NNS	Nerves raced through her , as she wondered what he would do next .
tr	NN	Maybe a plant or something had irritated her skin .
tr	NNS	The colors around me drained .
tr	NNS	"Things seem to be looking up ! """
tr	NN	From the north , a rider came pounding up the road , spurring his horse , then sawing on the reins to bring it to a halt .
tr	NN	The van jerks to a halt in front of my house , and Max pounds on the steering wheel .
tr	NNS	The coyotes went crazy .
tr	NN	""" Yeah well , my budget has been tight . """
tr	NN	The werewolf looked back at Declan smugly and then back at her .
tr	NN	His audience , sitting on the deck , watched him with alert and polite incomprehension .
tr	NNS	"' If you gaze long enough into the abyss , the abyss will gaze back into you . ' """
tr	NN	""" There was no physical proof linking them to the fire ."
tr	NN	And this development ... well , do you know how much it 's worth ?
tr	NN	The boom of the shot was startling in the forest , but no birds took flight .
tr	NN	My feet pound against the metal , now and then I stumble , my shins accrue more bruises .
tr	NN	A medic ran over to him , but Jim waved the man away saying he was alright .
tr	NNS	Your wolves will not be eligible to hold office or assume a command for one hundred years .
tr	NNS	""" Tense situations have a way of shortening tempers ."
tr	NNS	"His fearful movements drew her merciless gaze as she snarled in delight , "" I remember you !"
tr	NNS	Silva 's minions didn 't seem to care too much about hiding them .
tr	NNS	When the teams finally lined up for the opening kick , both sidelines were hopping with nerves and the crowd was crazy .
tr	NN	A spotlight shone on the stage and the boy the family knew as Scooter .
tr	NN	Before I could ask what he meant , a chorus of howls split the night .
tr	NN	Their foul lord hissed in agony and jumped straight into the air .
tr	NNS	The bucket warriors followed her down the stairs , Brick clamouring for appreciation as they went .
tr	NNS	""" Your attempts at being clever aren 't serving you , Sentinel . """
tr	NNS	There were many tales of transformation .
tr	NNS	The seats in front of Dan were empty , and Cap flipped the back so that he could ride backwards and visit with a tireless campaign worker .
tr	NN	Summer 's grandmother was saying something about romantic love stories and long-lost high school sweethearts , but Vicki could barely keep track of it .
tr	NN	A shelf slid out of the wall , offering a row of neatly placed bowls .
tr	NNS	Things have been pretty quiet for quite some time .
tr	NN	The burial was hauntingly symbolic .
tr	NN	Permanent brain damage could trap her for eternity .
tr	NN	""" There 's the ranch ! """
tr	NNS	They had to learn to dance with long swords and bulky , layered costumes , while singing , no mean feat .
tr	NNS	The racks were full of shorts and shirts of all colors - clothes the natives would not buy but the Americans loved .
tr	NNS	There are no locks on the doors .
tr	NNS	The rats were watching him .
tr	NNS	Stiff spines came from Duncan and even the teenager , Cian .
tr	NN	"The attorney for Worldwide called and said they haven 't got the first note payment yet on the Panhandle Building . """
tr	NN	The tip of Amara 's blade barely sank in , not even to the full width of the sword .
tr	NNS	""" The recent deaths are a painful reminder of just how vulnerable we all are ."
tr	NNS	Angelus smiled , dark and joyless .
tr	NN	""" About visiting Mom . """
tr	NNS	The colors were certainly not military , and they looked like a bunch of beginner snow skiers in a cable car .
tr	NNS	The villagers and tenants turned up in large numbers , confused about rents but pleased for our hospitality .
tr	NNS	Curious what Kellan 's reaction would be , I decided to play with him and my sister a little bit .
tr	NN	This taunting went on for decades .
tr	NNS	The three dinosaurs stared back .
tr	NN	Any shooter is competitive .
tr	NN	""" Hello , kids , "" the captain said , shaking Nora and Stephanie before shaking Matthew ."
tr	NN	My grandmother and her umbrella are behind her .
tr	NN	Then liquid scalded his lips , and he tried to turn his head away .
tr	NN	The trio looked at each other wondering if their input was needed in Hugo 's continual pantomime .
tr	NN	Bit of a moot point now I suppose . '
tr	NNS	There were five letters in all ; two on stationary and three email printouts .
tr	NN	The redhead closed her eyes and hummed with contentment .
tr	NN	""" Ah , little one , your integrity does not factor into the vampire code ."
tr	NNS	Looks like you were just grazed .
tr	NNS	But of course such actions would have made him seem crazy , and elicit suspicion .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed violently in the empty rooms .
tr	NN	Thomas ' assessment , coupled with the approval of his friends , convinced him that he made the right decision .
tr	NN	""" What 's the map say ? """
tr	NNS	Soldiers were forming up behind , shouting .
tr	NN	""" Doug , the van 's exploding !"
tr	NNS	Things have a way of getting garbled after they 've passed through six or eight people .
tr	NN	No more stairwell encounters .
tr	NN	The amused smirk he often wore around Mari lined his lips .
tr	NN	To maintain that , the ton would need to see that she was in the good graces of the current duke .
tr	NNS	Several cream cakes cheered Cara up .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in my stomach started flapping in earnest .
tr	NN	""" The tourist attraction ? """
tr	NNS	Things like bills and paying the rent and parents on a destructive path didn 't matter .
tr	NN	Was this dwarf for real ?
tr	NN	""" The skeleton Pirates . """
tr	NN	The canyon was leveling out , so Zack lifted the school bus up and turned back towards home base .
tr	NN	Even when he reached her , his posture held uncertainty .
tr	NNS	The warriors drank the drink from cups made from gourds painted with war paint .
tr	NNS	As the lights descended , the warriors stepped into them , glowing for a moment .
tr	NNS	Then butterflies are in my head swarming .
tr	NNS	Clay hated making such statements , hated being the hypocrite he was when it came to Maddy but , once again , past actions propelled current ones .
tr	NNS	According to the reporter , his sources were telling him the FBI had interrogated this ex-husband at least twice .
tr	NN	The dwarf frowned , like he recognized the name but couldn 't quite place it , so I decided to help him out .
tr	NN	His passion , his desire , was real .
tr	NN	Or ' vote by fraud ' as its affectionately called .
tr	NN	The old priest hadn 't lost a bit of his strength .
tr	NN	The Other Side has had him and they 've kept even with us just because of him ; just because of him .
tr	NN	"Unfortunately , Raiden wasn "" t diverted ."
tr	NNS	Muscles flexed grotesquely , contracting and extending .
tr	NN	The ' escort ' was my best friend ; she was dating a billionaire whose reputation was already fragile .
tr	NN	"Should be a piece of cake , "" the dock operator answered ."
tr	NN	A lord of the Third Eye deserves better than to be secreted to a convent of the Unheard Whisper .
tr	NNS	Here , philosophers and other seekers sought knowledge largely for its own sake .
tr	NN	Not only has he not forgotten our anniversary , but he has also purchased the perfect gift .
tr	NNS	Several persons went to the windows and closed the shutters , leaving only a few faint traces of light in the room .
tr	NNS	"Anyway , the gates only show now to someone of godly descent . """
tr	NNS	Luke relaxes then stands up from the bed .
tr	NN	The stench of death was everywhere ; its noxious toxins seeped into my nose and mouth , almost making me vomit at every step .
tr	NNS	""" My apologies for my impetuous behavior , "" he said ."
tr	NNS	No classmates to joke with .
tr	NNS	"Lives are at stake . """
tr	NNS	Things had become routine , easy .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drooped in amusement , and his voice was a caress .
tr	NNS	My grandparents never talked about my father .
tr	NN	The frantic chorus of our voices filled the forest .
tr	NN	The paint can dropped into the lake .
tr	NN	There was a sudden stir in the shadows and five large vampires moved forward with fluid speed .
tr	NNS	First , the changes were likely permanent and they affected every part of his body .
tr	NNS	The Native Americans , they were smart too .
tr	NNS	Just opposite and to his right , the cliffs rose , blotting out the view of the ocean and its winds , as they extended further north .
tr	NN	His Grandmother lived next door to Mae Smith .
tr	NN	As her parents head to the kitchen , the pretty blonde retrieves a package from behind the couch .
tr	NNS	Others were living their life while they could , never sure when or where they would be in days to come .
tr	NNS	All the Fine Arts Division 's dirty linen would be on display before this was over .
tr	NN	As he took one of the final rapids of the Saint Lawrence , almost within sight of his home , his canoe swamped and he drowned .
tr	NN	""" This is the end of the line for me , "" said the secretary ."
tr	NN	There is no quarter here , no walking away .
tr	NNS	My instincts were in overdrive and they were all telling me the same thing .
tr	NN	"The government is evacuating . """
tr	NNS	Lots of trees up there in the back forties around Sabin .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped , and I walked down the remaining space between us .
tr	NNS	The gates to the chateau were still a quarter mile down the road .
tr	NN	Only apparently the true hunt was just beginning .
tr	NNS	From their elevated position , the passengers were able to take in the small , city airstrip .
tr	NN	An ornate silver crucifix hung from a thick chain around her neck .
tr	NN	The admiral looked very intimidating .
tr	NNS	Still , he thought , of all the things that might cause alienation among family members , smarts wasn 't a very bright one .
tr	NNS	A wooden spool and rotting rope littered the area , more drilling debris .
tr	NNS	Slow currents , drifting sediments .
tr	NN	""" Midlife crisis , "" Nina suggested ."
tr	NNS	In the distance the sirens as the London Police blocked off the side street .
tr	NNS	"Dragons don 't talk to humans , let alone make promises to them ! """
tr	NN	Her southern accent seemed a little too dramatic as she introduced herself to the two of them .
tr	NN	Sure enough , the majority of ladies headed for the washrooms and the gentlemen toward the bar .
tr	NNS	His thrusts strengthened as the animal in him gradually broke free of its cage .
tr	NNS	""" The facts of the place . """
tr	NNS	A few competitors were already surveying the course from the outside with their trainers .
tr	NNS	His nostrils suddenly flared as if trying to catch a scent .
tr	NN	But in a way , the family picnic in my room this evening seemed the strangest of today 's events .
tr	NNS	"The courts kept giving her chances . """
tr	NNS	Others worked the gardens with children at their sides , weeds in hand .
tr	NNS	The fireflies moved around her , giving the effect of a spotlight shining on her .
tr	NNS	These lockers were very small and the numbers started in the 1000s so I knew immediately that this was not the place .
tr	NNS	There were mammoth spires and little houses and some areas filled with simple tents .
tr	NN	The piercing whistle of the kettle caused Harriet to yank it off the stove , burning her hand .
tr	NNS	Flowers of every color bloomed , petals floating from them and dancing to the ground .
tr	NN	""" Count me in , "" said an elderly lord ."
tr	NN	The football came back to him .
tr	NNS	""" Things like this don 't happen there . """
tr	NN	""" The sheriff 's guy . """
tr	NN	The green pencil used to outline James 's next project matched the color of Joni 's eyes .
tr	NN	The blue tarp was on the ground and the heat already was building .
tr	NN	"Our brother Sal told Dante he 'd be back with help and then led the others off . """
tr	NNS	""" The rats have begun to battle one another for their throne . """
tr	NNS	"Their effects are little more than skin deep . """
tr	NN	The young Happy Uncle was at most times surrounded by beautiful lady customers who came to the shop out of their fondness for the colorful bangles .
tr	NNS	Alexis stood up abruptly .
tr	NNS	Sadness , combined with fear and worry .
tr	NN	A wide strip of medical tape bridged his nose , and the skin surrounding both eyes was bruised and swollen .
tr	NN	The buggy drifted to the side to avoid a large rock .
tr	NNS	The images sped past him , as he slowed down .
tr	NN	An obnoxious giggle was building in her throat .
tr	NNS	The swarms were all around us , hanging back by the clusters .
tr	NN	""" Reading the bottom , "" the pilot said ."
tr	NNS	Flames raced up the hall and surrounded them .
tr	NN	""" Such language you use ."
tr	NNS	The ruckus also brought the attention of a man inside the shack .
tr	NN	The idiot kidnapped Arthur !
tr	NN	Apprentice , graduate , Leon 's and some of them 's mine but not a lot .
tr	NN	This policeman had probably seen a lot .
tr	NN	The audience shifted restlessly .
tr	NNS	The twins laughed when they saw him and clapped their hands .
tr	NN	I smirked , landing on a list of songs by the latest teen pop star craze .
tr	NNS	My wrists pull apart as the bond is cut , and I rub the spot where the restraints have left my skin raw .
tr	NNS	"In all honesty , my sources warned that it was going to be a dirty bomb , not this EMP business . """
tr	NN	His only injury seemed to be some very severe anal tearing .
tr	NNS	The werewolves took her into the heart of the compound .
tr	NNS	My suit shudders and I fall , hitting the ground hard and rolling along until I hit a rocky spire .
tr	NN	""" We could have a reader bring the book from the city collection , "" the priest said , stepping forward smoothly ."
tr	NNS	The scavengers raised their guns .
tr	NNS	"Secret doorways lead to secret passages , and secret passages lead to secrets . """
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps pounded in her direction .
tr	NN	"One grown-up would teach them to read and write and ready themselves for the future . """
tr	NN	The fierce passion that was Sabine ... gone .
tr	NNS	Rufus and I met for about twenty minutes , exchanging information on a number of issues , including the roof incident .
tr	NNS	Even as she watched , the pupils were slowly shrinking back to their normal size .
tr	NNS	The blank emptiness of my life before before Jacob brought some semblance of reason back into it reared up and confronted me .
tr	NNS	""" Some lunch ladies found me ."
tr	NNS	The drapes looked perplexed .
tr	NN	Despair fills me , and I scramble to think of some way to turn his own desire against him , but I cannot .
tr	NNS	"In his mind even the little rats talk to him . """
tr	NN	Thinking of her made me wish she were here .
tr	NNS	The facts remained , however , if only in lonely , aging books .
tr	NN	""" Fair warning , "" the clown shrugged ."
tr	NN	Some carrier inflection of Bickel 's voice , a subtly shaded overtone , told Timberlake that Bickel had been worried about him .
tr	NNS	The three werewolves were right on her heels .
tr	NN	An equal partnership does .
tr	NNS	Two Lights came up and took her away from me .
tr	NNS	All the boxed items stood for things that had meant something to him .
tr	NN	the Master asked sweetly .
tr	NNS	Things don 't change here .
tr	NNS	His concentration skills were nearly legendary .
tr	NN	The arrival of foreign ships and their crews usually brought fresh voices , but not tonight .
tr	NN	""" Your language has taken a downward spiral . """
tr	NN	The penetrating look she gave Bill Door nailed him to the chair .
tr	NNS	The rows of seats inside were just metal frames and springs .
tr	NN	' How 's that Cat ? '
tr	NNS	""" Well , trains can be very nice ."
tr	NN	Unlike the real Harry , who would have slammed the door in her face , the actor held the door open for her .
tr	NN	A tiny dimple flashed in one cheek .
tr	NN	The amethyst pendant shattered .
tr	NN	""" The Walking Disease ? """
tr	NN	The ranch is a small , self-contained , self-governing pueblo .
tr	NN	Did the squid realize what had happened , that he had gotten free ?
tr	NN	The next settlement was Duchess .
tr	NN	This stop and go technique made for a very slow progress .
tr	NN	"Nothin ' ta write home ' bout . """
tr	NNS	The twins tumbled in the shallows as their blue boat rolled into shore with the wave .
tr	NNS	Images of light played in Finder 's palms .
tr	NN	The priest shook his head .
tr	NN	The absence of the receptionist , who Dennis knew to be both young and attractive , also brought forth suspicions of a more sinister nature .
tr	NN	The email had an attachment for each of their seven hotels plus a consolidated statement .
tr	NNS	Lots of great food , smiling faces , laughter .
tr	NNS	Words that summed up a woman like Rose could never be .
tr	NNS	Would any gas fumes still be lingering in the tanks all these years later ?
tr	NNS	You have the blood of dragons in your veins , your scales shine with power .
tr	NN	The bullet had just grazed his forearm .
tr	NN	A red birthmark shaded the left side of his face .
tr	NN	Before Natalie could turn it off , there was a spark and a slight internal explosion .
tr	NN	Old paint had chipped off and the rusted metal shown through where the snow wasn 't clinging to it .
tr	NNS	"My companions shall return in love . """
tr	NN	His accomplice held my arms behind my back . '
tr	NNS	""" My apologies , your highness ."
tr	NN	""" The War of the Realms , you foolish , Heavenly reject . """
tr	NNS	His eyelids flutter open .
tr	NNS	Things are bad enough already .
tr	NN	In front of them the cameraman said , ' Tell me again who are you incredible guys ? '
tr	NNS	Moses would continue in her evil little schemes until the cat 's miserable little life came to a tragic end .
tr	NNS	The servants moved in to collect the plates from the first course and deliver the second .
tr	NNS	""" Maybe other mothers could go , but not me . """
tr	NN	A siren went off right behind me .
tr	NNS	At the end of the street cars , carts , camels , and other animals stood as if on guard to the entrance to the road .
tr	NN	His every instinct screamed to toss Cassie over his shoulder and rush away from Salvatore 's lair at top speed .
tr	NNS	All the punches landed , but her opponent hanged on to consciousness and tried to defend herself with a left hook .
tr	NNS	Lights went on in the house above the yard .
tr	NNS	Guess different couples work in different ways .
tr	NN	The gravel scrapes against my leg , which bleeds horribly .
tr	NNS	But the illustrations were so wonderfully intricate you could get lost just trying to follow the patterns of elongated and intertwining animals and plants .
tr	NN	The bastard didn 't just have his hands all over Mia , but his mouth was on her too .
tr	NNS	Lights danced , colors swirled , the sky sparkled brilliantly above her head .
tr	NNS	There are generations with very little information .
tr	NNS	There were rows of benches fanning out in front of a raised stage .
tr	NNS	Knowing my father , his clients didn 't need to close the deal until Independence Day .
tr	NN	There 's not a ton of time for hanging out .
tr	NN	A glint of metal caught my eye from the shadows underneath the staircase .
tr	NNS	The signs come with warnings of wildlife dangers .
tr	NNS	A few couples sat eating .
tr	NN	The paint can lay abandoned .
tr	NNS	Others fell in the water , feet unable to find the bottom , and were swept up with the tide and taken out to sea .
tr	NNS	Other , sharper , bits embedded in the trunk of the tree .
tr	NN	With a bow the footman turned to leave the room .
tr	NNS	His tales of the trip ranged from humorous to downright frightening .
tr	NN	The vendor was getting our nachos at the time .
tr	NNS	Now , the trains didn 't run so regularly .
tr	NNS	Questions flooded her mind .
tr	NNS	Fourteen graduating classes had produced sixty-one graduates , 100 % of which attended college , 98 % on full scholarship .
tr	NNS	Had our mothers buried her in the night ?
tr	NNS	The cobwebs stretched and dangled around Angelina 's head as she walked in .
tr	NN	A lovely phoenix suddenly landed atop his shoulder .
tr	NN	There was a clatter as he dropped the knives onto his bedside table .
tr	NNS	Things have unfolded in such fast pace that I could not acquaint you and Ashu with them .
tr	NNS	The butterflies in her stomach made it difficult to breathe .
tr	NN	The fan is blowing full force in our humble shack 's living room .
tr	NNS	Romulus shook his head .
tr	NN	The contract gives them a five day inspection period .
tr	NN	His foe now had sweat mingling with the blood on his face .
tr	NN	He ' l take over the entire team .
tr	NN	The thumb tip darkened , as if she were wiping away years of accumulated dirt .
tr	NNS	The chains swarmed in .
tr	NN	His success and Melody 's life , depended on it .
tr	NNS	Now that I was thirty , calories were no longer burning themselves off quite so easily .
tr	NNS	Flowers were next on the agenda .
tr	NNS	Translucent curved spikes burst from his spine .
tr	NNS	The wide jaws clamped onto the end of the Pelican 's wing , plucking its feathers .
tr	NNS	Even our flashlights don 't push away much of the darkness .
tr	NNS	Two ducks waddle through the busy street .
tr	NNS	Magnetic locks released and the heavy door clicked open .
tr	NN	The briefcase was not in the hall as he had hoped , but he eventually found it in the study , leaning against the desk .
tr	NNS	There were no second chances , so you 'd pray you were a crack shot .
tr	NN	Any funding is under my jurisdiction .
tr	NNS	But my movements came to easy .
tr	NNS	Her e-mails from Africa were getting shorter and spaced farther apart .
tr	NN	The priest remembered it vividly .
tr	NNS	Sirens were much louder outside the car .
tr	NNS	Delicate nuances of a language I did not understand until now .
tr	NN	""" The iPod didn 't manage to pull your ears off ? """
tr	NNS	Americus patted the Argentinean on the back .
tr	NNS	Even her twin had doubts .
tr	NNS	Girls are so bitchy , especially when they 're a bit jealous of you always being first in the class .
tr	NN	Every instinct urged her to flee , but she couldn 't escape his hold .
tr	NN	Just one stint as a puppet doubles your chances in the Dark .
tr	NNS	Some letters came out of that machine fifty years before they were posted ! '
tr	NN	The staircase swooped down , winding on and on , and she followed the rose scent whenever another door or arch appeared .
tr	NNS	There were vials of different ingredients spread all over the place .
tr	NNS	The wolves didn 't like to go out on the ice .
tr	NN	The liquid was bitter and didn 't taste good at all but I forced it down .
tr	NN	The high ceiling soared above them , exposed iron beams holding up the roof .
tr	NN	The anticipated arrival had occurred .
tr	NNS	The colors melted before my eyes and spun into murky brown , then blackness , and I saw no more .
tr	NNS	Dark , brown spots covered his smooth , bald head .
tr	NN	Even her gown was spotless .
tr	NN	There was a rustle in the underbrush and the little girl appeared .
tr	NN	""" So ... "" Michael fidgeted with the silverware on the tray and scowled at it ."
tr	NNS	The last signs of life flicker out as the doctor stops struggling and falls limp .
tr	NNS	Chills prickle her neck where his breath touches .
tr	NNS	Things we 've learned in the last 48 hours : - Our fathers used to work together .
tr	NN	The knight sheepishly nodded .
tr	NN	Link scratched his head .
tr	NN	The thrill of anticipation makes me sweat .
tr	NNS	""" My apologies , "" Herr 'D on said ."
tr	NNS	Theo 's drums seemed too high in the mix , and he saw Lee glaring in his direction a couple of times as they played .
tr	NNS	Several hundred wild cats and wolves being roasted slowly alive together would not have compared with it .
tr	NNS	And speeches and a meat tea afterwards .
tr	NN	""" Any glamour done by the deceased would have dropped as soon as she 'd died . """
tr	NNS	The earliest histories were all there .
tr	NN	The skeleton in the case wasn 't exactly fresh .
tr	NN	His scar now looked not only poorly stitched , but sinister .
tr	NN	His wisdom is beyond your reach .
tr	NNS	Her vocal cords felt shredded -- just like her heart .
tr	NNS	The tentacles flailed wildly .
tr	NN	An agent would attack first , not scream .
tr	NN	Somehow , that measure of pride had left me hanging high and dry when Sage mentioned setting up a date with one of her guy friends .
tr	NNS	These camera shots are coming from beetle blades , and every once in a while they have to change position .
tr	NNS	Her nostrils filled with the salty sea air and tiny water droplets sprayed her face .
tr	NN	On the other side of the two boulders , a plume of sand rose into the air , shot upward by the descending ramp .
tr	NN	Love was simply an emotion that people professed to feel in order to get something from someone else .
tr	NN	Sage 's secretary was sitting at her desk , pruning her fingernails .
tr	NNS	Affordable facilities to watch their children weren 't in abundance , let alone close by .
tr	NNS	Bugs watched his actions carefully and realized the mayor was attempting to locate his wife , Madison .
tr	NNS	From what Maggie could tell , the factories were no longer in use .
tr	NN	No monitoring because the monitors were out , no video because the hard drive was fried .
tr	NN	The unspoken implication of Alina 's words slashed into him , but Damen pushed them away .
tr	NN	""" How intense is this rivalry ? """
tr	NNS	But both council members looked prim and their fear smell receded a little .
tr	NNS	After all , chances were that after this evening , she 'd never see Jack Gamble again .
tr	NN	""" We 'll wait until the press clears , "" the agent in the front seat said ."
tr	NNS	"No sudden movements , "" Beth said ."
tr	NNS	Things were beginning to crack again inside her .
tr	NNS	Many couples married with less in common .
tr	NNS	Screams rang out here and there .
tr	NN	The paint seemed whiter , the drapes in the windows more elegant , the flower beds more carefully tended , the lawn more manicured .
tr	NN	But he didn , t hear their voices anymore .
tr	NN	Love glanced at Stuart leaning against the door frame and held his gaze for a moment .
tr	NN	Your grandmother is good at a lot of things , but she doesn 't belong on this kind of mission .
tr	NNS	The eyelids are not quite as large .
tr	NN	The sheriff was already talking on his two-way radio .
tr	NN	In the kitchen , the coffee pot she never used was half-full of cold brown liquid .
tr	NN	A hunger born of two lifetimes .
tr	NN	The thin crimson trickle turned her stomach .
tr	NN	Since then , the government had started to license the technology to others .
tr	NNS	Dangerous creatures , ghouls lived to serve their masters , feasting on tainted blood and the flesh of humans .
tr	NN	But the most critical injury had been the lungs .
tr	NNS	The fights ended one morning when my father poured a pitcher of water on my head to wake me up .
tr	NNS	The bikes reached the access road once again .
tr	NNS	The long , spidery fingers froze , then ascended from the surface of the brain toward the screen , then backed out of view .
tr	NN	Our business agent took care of closing up the apartment .
tr	NNS	""" If you were guilty of any mismanagement , "" Pratt continued , "" the authorities would expect you to be scrambling right now . """
tr	NNS	"All my characters feel real when I 'm writing about them . """
tr	NN	Having come to their decision , there was no hesitation and they moved with a speed that human beings could not duplicate .
tr	NN	The ride 's operator waited for Mike to exit before extending his hand and helping Carly from the car .
tr	NNS	Shouts followed him , and fists shook in his wake .
tr	NN	Its display panel gives off a very faint red glow , so dim I can barely see it .
tr	NNS	The images were very clear .
tr	NN	Big white whale is a metaphor for everything .
tr	NN	This bike had been a present from my parents a few months ago for my eighteenth birthday .
tr	NNS	His Russian language skills might be lacking , but some communication was universal .
tr	NNS	"You ladies want something to drink ? """
tr	NN	""" Midday "" his Uncle told him ."
tr	NN	The enemy thinned and the remaining few realized they couldn 't win and backed up .
tr	NN	His goal had shifted .
tr	NN	""" I 'm a dentist , "" said the elf , retreating to the sleigh , "" just a dentist . """
tr	NNS	""" Things looked worse than they were ."
tr	NNS	Her pupils were still huge , but she managed to look around and at last focus on me .
tr	NNS	His face changes and his jaw gets tight .
tr	NNS	If he was right , the consequences would be grave , not that it would change anything .
tr	NNS	Images from the nightmare flicked across his memory .
tr	NNS	The bright colors are merely a backdrop for an enormous black tree , the obvious focal point .
tr	NNS	""" The servants ' entrance . """
tr	NNS	""" The suns slowed their great whirl and the seas cooled ."
tr	NNS	""" A silver Mercedes followed me home from school today . """
tr	NNS	Sniffing at the air the dark creatures shifted their attention to hunting down this threat to their freedom .
tr	NN	An old green sedan bumped along the driveway and pulled to a stop at the edge of the yard .
tr	NN	Before I could protest , the dragon spread its great wings and took off .
tr	NN	Even through Helen 's hopeful smile , a measure of concern pushed beyond the barrier of the cloak .
tr	NNS	The planes of his face seemed to have hardened subtly , tightened aged .
tr	NNS	Her worries were for nothing .
tr	NNS	Up in the trees , squirrels ran and hid .
tr	NN	The illusion was so strong she stared in horror before she realized it was illusion .
tr	NNS	"Having developed separately for almost three millennia , there are some significant differences . """
tr	NNS	There were oranges and yellows and reds and pinks .
tr	NNS	The ghosts sat with Dan when Cronin 's clothes were put into evidence , asking questions .
tr	NNS	The daggers and gun were no longer visible , but I knew he still had them on him .
tr	NN	The punk held up both hands and stepped backward .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids grew heavy and she shivered as unexpected pleasure rippled over her .
tr	NNS	The nurses kept going on about how it was a miracle I recovered like that .
tr	NNS	His dark followers crowded into the room .
tr	NNS	Others with long sharp teeth and fierce black eyes join her shadowy counterpart .
tr	NNS	All the planes , that is , except for the last one .
tr	NNS	Soldiers scrambled up the stairwells , clogging the way down , keeping the crew from moving .
tr	NNS	The duchess sniffed disdainfully , still irked by Miss Lawrence 's definition of conventionality .
tr	NN	Despite being strafed by ground fire and taking on damage , the pilot had kept control of the chopper fairly well .
tr	NN	The highway ahead appeared straight and true through the window while the same stretch branched and forked at impossible angles when seen through the distortion .
tr	NNS	Flowers bloomed at each side , rivers as clear as crystals winding throughout .
tr	NNS	Maks allowed the other four to go ahead .
tr	NNS	The fountain mechanisms creaked and groaned , shivering the quiet into pieces .
tr	NN	An interruption by the waiter , bringing the artistic entrees and expensive wine .
tr	NNS	The gusts were stronger out away from the protection of the tower .
tr	NNS	The creatures all bowed their heads .
tr	NN	The little blond neighbor girl who looked like an angel , and who was a mystery .
tr	NNS	"Television programs are for nobodies . """
tr	NN	That damn organization is like a hydra .
tr	NN	Another actor and an assistant stopped as well and Thomas could see he was now alone .
tr	NNS	""" Your Highness , I trust you 're doing well ? """
tr	NNS	The goblins , seeing their leader vanish thus leaving them behind , made for a quick retreat though the opening in the wall .
tr	NNS	The numerous levels the city , were now open to the air and the sky .
tr	NN	"Sometimes through her three "" friends "" , her grandma was able to communicate with other people 's loved ones , but never her own ."
tr	NN	Part of her believed they were talking about her , laughing about her to the faceless people on the other end of the line .
tr	NN	The priest bowed before striding off purposefully , as if he , at least , knew why he was here .
tr	NN	The map was missing entirely , leaving nothing but several pins left on the rotting stage .
tr	NN	Every inch of my body tightened .
tr	NN	The dragon moved to the center of the clearing as it stalked Kane .
tr	NN	The entire mountain , and the large area surrounding the mountain as well , was artificial .
tr	NN	The barber set the bloody knife on a tray and washed his hands while the Healer sealed the blood vessels .
tr	NNS	The screen door slams shut behind me when I walk inside .
tr	NNS	The drug 's effects were still potent enough to keep her immobile .
tr	NNS	The programs are out of sync , and the signals are all screwed up .
tr	NNS	The tightness in his eyes showed concern , but he nodded .
tr	NNS	The lingering effects of his advance on me still took center stage in my mind .
tr	NNS	The other ladies whooped and screamed .
tr	NN	That U2 guitarist swears by his . '
tr	NN	The rumbling in the ground was growing .
tr	NN	"The term ' burn in hell ' isn 't a figure of speech . """
tr	NNS	In the halo around Kaleb more images precipitated out of the light .
tr	NN	My pulse sped in response to his stress , but I answered carefully .
tr	NN	The fine layer of mist added a feeling of being cocooned in his own world .
tr	NN	Not the highest dollar , but pricey , nice , and it 's current on the style .
tr	NN	""" That urn contains half of your friend 's soul ."
tr	NN	The beak had a thin handle that fit inside her flat , misshapen nostrils , and prongs held it in place .
tr	NNS	"The carnivorous plant fairies heard the shout of the Oracle hail them , "" Warriors of the woodlands , monsters come for us !"
tr	NN	""" Who 's my partner going to be ?"
tr	NN	""" Not going that route , "" the attorney grimaced ."
tr	NN	The factor they didn 't consider was the need to shoot out the engines in a particular order to keep the ship balanced .
tr	NN	At his waist , his belly bulged outward , but otherwise his body seemed relatively physically fit .
tr	NNS	The wipers scraped on the windshield , underscoring his muted frustration .
tr	NN	"A vacation is what you need . """
tr	NN	My first landing was far back in childhood - perhaps I was about ten or eleven years old .
tr	NN	Then Piper 's scowl flitted from the back of Allie 's head to me .
tr	NNS	* When I get back , the campers are all out on the archery field .
tr	NN	But not even her nerve was equal to this task .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps clattered against the stone , but nobody seemed to hear us .
tr	NN	Each night a different tribe or troupe performed in the lobby for the tourists , dancing their traditional tribal dances .
tr	NN	His sexy drawl made her insides hum and all of her secret places pulse with a hunger stronger than anything she 'd ever experienced .
tr	NN	Now the fellow was trying to dig the silver out , with his claws .
tr	NN	Surprisingly , his thin skinny , brows aren 't the bushy mess I would have expected .
tr	NNS	The long grasses move , not with the wind , but against it .
tr	NN	""" My friend Ella needs an appointment with you ."
tr	NN	"CHAPTER 11 "" Give us another round , "" an overweight thug yelled from a booth in the corner of a downtown pub ."
tr	NNS	But the ancestors countered the Circle 's defense with an even stronger attack , breaking down their protective barrier .
tr	NNS	There were gears turning in his head .
tr	NN	My weakening resolve was officially about to be a lost cause .
tr	NN	The receptionist smiled tightly , nodded , and made a discreet phone call .
tr	NNS	These mushrooms must have escaped from the mushroom farm .
tr	NNS	Assured that he was fine , the twins pulled out their phones and started texting their friends like crazy .
tr	NNS	The winds were slow so it didn 't cut through their faces as much as he 'd feared .
tr	NN	The Jeep sped down her street .
tr	NNS	While remembering all this , several other , disparate images came into my head ; a car rolling over and over and a thunderstorm .
tr	NN	""" The name 's William Ashby , "" the pilot continued ."
tr	NNS	""" My apologies , Captain ."
tr	NNS	His whispers poorly disguised his anger .
tr	NNS	Others develop strangely compulsive , repetitive movements in order to cope with the abnormal environment : certainly many intelligent creatures suffer from this propensity .
tr	NN	It made no difference to him really , the castle held no threat that he feared .
tr	NNS	All characters in this book are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead is coincidental .
tr	NNS	Last night his caresses had turned her mind and body to mush .
tr	NNS	My fans loved me because of my mother -- it didn 't hurt that I 'd inherited her sense of style and her friendly nature .
tr	NNS	Things like that just didn 't happen .
tr	NNS	Just when I thought that they would be getting on the bus to check permits , the air raid sirens sounded .
tr	NN	The lightning traveled through her body , from her left arm , chest , and right arm and stopped at her sword .
tr	NN	The little bitch had made him look a fool .
tr	NN	But a fright like that for a rookie can result in gunfire , and frankly I believed we were woefully outgunned already .
tr	NN	The airship 's cargo bay opened and a cantilevered arm swung from out of the ship .
tr	NN	His familiar warm accent filled my heart , but he did sound very tired .
tr	NNS	I passed a folder over , the contents innocuous enough even if it was fifty pages of small print .
tr	NN	My right calf protested in agony and I shifted the weight back over to my left side .
tr	NN	The jubilant observation from someone seated behind them brought tears to Danni 's eyes .
tr	NNS	""" Not yet , but there were security cameras around the cabins , so they 're hoping the video footage wil reveal something . """
tr	NNS	The symptoms of that include weakness , fatigue , and tingling .
tr	NNS	His tentacles were the white of his flesh , decorated with veins of gold and jewel colors .
tr	NN	A final click signaled the line was disconnected .
tr	NNS	Marius shook his head , his heavy brow drooping low over his eyes .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared at that .
tr	NNS	""" Others are vampire . """
tr	NNS	From floor to ceiling , rows of dusty books filled with knowledge sat waiting to be rediscovered .
tr	NN	The sob that had lain strangled in my throat pushed from my mouth .
tr	NN	""" A savage tribe helped my father to get food ."
tr	NNS	Reyes took hold of her arm .
tr	NN	Then the firing began .
tr	NNS	He had a panicked look in his eyes now , his pupils madly darting left and right .
tr	NNS	Others , are more than hot enough to cook our food .
tr	NNS	Maybe the cameras are watching .
tr	NNS	Reyes had never asked , and Aeron had never volunteered the information .
tr	NNS	His stifled sobs finally faded into an occasional hitched breath , and eventually he fell asleep .
tr	NNS	Several servants tending the horses stared at me .
tr	NN	Only a person burning tin could penetrate the mists and see them shining .
tr	NNS	Sunlight damages the body , as do environmental factors , and things we eat or drink .
tr	NN	Just then a shadowy flutter of white came along the bushes and stopped beside the bear .
tr	NN	Her red fan of gill fluttered furiously at her shoulders as she fed the girl slices of raw fish .
tr	NN	His scowl clearly refuted her .
tr	NN	His fedora shaded his face from the light .
tr	NN	The distinction was very plain in his mind .
tr	NNS	Soon more followers would come .
tr	NNS	Their drinks came and they both downed half the glass in one gulp .
tr	NNS	Vehicle sales are almost always in the system ; there 's no reason not for them to be .
tr	NN	An early nap would be nice ; a close snuggle would be better .
tr	NN	The hunger was controlling her now .
tr	NNS	""" How many mothers can say their sons are mated to the Vampire Queen ? """
tr	NNS	The aliens had come in here and ruthlessly hunted and destroyed any person they 'd found , frozen or moving .
tr	NN	The staircase had never seemed so steep , or so high .
tr	NNS	All those images jumbled together with no reference point , no anchor .
tr	NN	""" Follow me , "" the bully adds ."
tr	NNS	Her diplomatic skills were far better than his were and she saw things with a much clearer mind .
tr	NN	The bomber knew exactly what he was doing .
tr	NN	Studer said , a contemptuous smile on his lips .
tr	NNS	The directions I had were pointing me to a single dirt road that separated luscious trees on one side from acres of wheat on the other .
tr	NNS	The prints were heading in the same direction as he .
tr	NNS	Her wetness welcomed him with a smooth , purposeful entry that had them both gasping .
tr	NNS	The trousers pinched hard enough to make him wince .
tr	NN	Antonia 's shawl fell off her shoulders , but there wasn 't anything Sal could do as she had her arm tucked into his .
tr	NNS	My breath blasts out of me as my attacker 's body falls against mine .
tr	NN	The value of real estate was slow coming back , but there was talk of a big food manufacturer wanting to build a plant in Fruit Ridge .
tr	NN	"A reward for services rendered . """
tr	NNS	Yes , his trousers were the subject of a controlled detonation after one of his socks exploded .
tr	NN	Another lick of excitement burned Lexi 's chest as they walked to the fabric storage area .
tr	NN	Vented gas and drifting debris surrounded the two hulks like a slow-motion storm .
tr	NN	A watchman stood on top of the battlements with a bow in his hands .
tr	NN	Turning her attention upon herself she realized , just how see through , the gown had really become over the years .
tr	NNS	"His security cameras pick up everything . """
tr	NN	There was a crash from downstairs , and Shane stopped smiling .
tr	NNS	Lights above the tanks changed colors every ten seconds .
tr	NNS	I surrounded my fist with my static and my legs felt light with it , my movements were sure , precise and swift .
tr	NNS	"Words like "" whore "" and "" slut "" were not even in her vocabulary ."
tr	NN	"How is this proof ? """
tr	NN	"Your subconscious is telling you to stop fighting illusions and take a few days off . """
tr	NNS	"Your parent figures always brought me the best things , and I will be generous in their memory . """
tr	NNS	Others like to think of it as justice .
tr	NN	""" What if it 's a tie ? """
tr	NN	The lamp clicked on .
tr	NN	""" So maybe the bum is a suspect ."
tr	NNS	Soldiers , police , bankers , judges , all of them targeted by bombs or ambushed by snipers .
tr	NNS	And if she went with Wade back to the outside world , authorities could make the connection between her and her brother .
tr	NN	But the gloom in the clouds looked less than normal and mostly like a bruise .
tr	NN	"The medicine didn 't help ? """
tr	NNS	"Things are going to blow up once they find you . """
tr	NNS	Delicate chains of white paper scalloped the garlands and huge white paper bows filled the corners .
tr	NNS	( Just a few ideas to get you started . )
tr	NN	Stefan has business there , my book publisher is there .
tr	NN	The human condition was a frail one , as conditions went in the planes of existence .
tr	NN	My father 's chef could learn a few things from this woman , that 's for damn sure .
tr	NNS	There are tens of thousands of holders who live between here and Riva .
tr	NN	There was a challenge in his face , like he was just asking me to deny what we both knew was true .
tr	NN	The gap between the cliffs must have been nearly twenty feet .
tr	NN	"Dr. Marshall 's sharp bark carried through : "" Find them ! """
tr	NN	There was a creak of parting timbers , and the boot appeared loose .
tr	NN	Love played with his fork .
tr	NNS	Her thumbs were tapping against a handheld .
tr	NN	"A koala kid genius would have been very much the key to "" getting away "" Mark picks up calmly from where he left ."
tr	NN	A seer , Rex and Melissa had said .
tr	NNS	A few scholarship offers had come his way , but he opted to join the Navy after graduation .
tr	NNS	What are the chances that buying something from the 1950s or 1930s is found to be bad once it is opened and tried ?
tr	NNS	The twins never like him though , because he is so different from us .
tr	NN	The landlord looked at her with a cruel smirk on his face .
tr	NN	The teacher had only told Sawyer that I could work on one project while I was gone , and hand it in when I got back .
tr	NNS	Plans were in short supply at the moment , beyond saving to finance a private detective , but already the renewed strength fueled determination .
tr	NNS	On the field below , her classmates moved into their assigned seats .
tr	NN	A squad of mosque guardsmen trotted up .
tr	NNS	The footsteps grew louder .
tr	NN	A suffocating claustrophobia hung over everything like a heavy blanket , seeming to block out all sound .
tr	NN	But there 's a third option : to be neither .
tr	NNS	The gates to the Stone were open , and a welcoming delegation awaited him .
tr	NN	A shriek jerks me from my memories .
tr	NNS	Valerius laid the hot iron against his inner thigh .
tr	NNS	But even the newspapers had nothing of interest in them as of late .
tr	NN	To Bob See , my partner in love for over 16 years and counting .
tr	NN	The receptionist asked her to take a seat and she 'd call someone to talk to her .
tr	NN	There 's no sympathy on his face now , only suspicion .
tr	NNS	There were always cousins , and it seemed like new ones appeared randomly .
tr	NN	A tremble ran through his body .
tr	NN	The newcomer coughed , lurching for the blanket like a fish trying to flop back into water .
tr	NNS	His companions were smart enough to reach the same conclusion he had .
tr	NNS	Marius ran over and knelt beside her .
tr	NNS	""" As it so happens , the symptoms of MS and vitamin B12 deficiency are very similar , right down to the lesions on the brain . """
tr	NN	""" About time , "" a policeman said ."
tr	NNS	At least prostitutes suffer their degradations in private .
tr	NN	""" Two porcelain fillings ."
tr	NN	The cellar behind the demolished wall had some barrels in it and looked as if it was regularly used .
tr	NNS	And the twins kneeling quite still together , in the dust .
tr	NNS	And the Bugs don 't look like they 're ready to let us walk either .
tr	NN	But the Vampire on the road doesn 't move .
tr	NNS	Words to live by .
tr	NN	His inquiry is full of hope .
tr	NNS	A black Mercedes pulled in next to the jeep .
tr	NN	A blush crept to my face when I thought of what we 'd get to do with all that privacy .
tr	NNS	"The signs were not for a sudden windfall but a gradual improvement . """
tr	NN	Funny , the things Quinn remembers .
tr	NN	The poet had asked them not to , and they respected him .
tr	NNS	His five companions pushed their way through as if they were the club 's owners , rather than guests .
tr	NNS	""" Things build up as time passes , and winter things build up more than things in the other seasons ."
tr	NN	And Alisa 's birthday is coming up toward the end of the year , so we 'll have to do something special for her .
tr	NNS	In his imagination the kisses didn 't stop there either .
tr	NN	There was so much passion in the single word that she found it hard to swallow .
tr	NN	A crate of computers didn 't whisper for a bathroom , after all .
tr	NNS	The drinks are like twenty-five bucks .
tr	NNS	The winds shifted the fog enough to reveal a strange sight .
tr	NNS	The classrooms were actually dorm rooms for the girls .
tr	NN	A cascade of dark green water seemed to plummet forever until it crashed on the metal promontory , exploding white .
tr	NN	"The Hero 's Guild most likely believes nobody would be so bold as to carry out such a plan so close by . """
tr	NN	Above and to her left the long waterfall filled the chamber with a deafening roar .
tr	NN	One challenge that had gone unanswered .
tr	NNS	Great , their expressions softened as they registered the ' I 'm your kid ' line .
tr	NN	A deputy brought her a bottle of water and a snack .
tr	NN	The session developed with Johnny and the Used Ones ' songs earning compliments but not Christine 's heart .
tr	NN	A single butterfly rests on a flower five feet from us , its plain white wings moving slowly up and down .
tr	NNS	Things got better after that .
tr	NN	""" Final proof was when I was negotiating with your boss here ."
tr	NN	What he really needed , was a miracle .
tr	NN	In several human religions , there is a similar concept ; you would loosely call it heaven .
tr	NN	A small clump of soot fell into the glass .
tr	NNS	""" There were also fountains with all the cider you could drink and shining towers of pure silver . """
tr	NN	"A framed , yellowed poster of "" Desiderata "" hung on the only solid wall ."
tr	NN	Her robe ended below her knees , revealing toned calves and long legs .
tr	NN	"Each seed contains as much light as your sun ! """
tr	NN	""" Even the fur doesn 't help sometimes . """
tr	NN	Sweet Dove froze , her eyes wide .
tr	NNS	The taps tempted me as I washed under his watchful eye but I hadn 't been allowed to touch them .
tr	NNS	We looked down on them , huddled around various dealers like bugs round light bulbs .
tr	NN	As soon as the charges were dismissed , the courtroom erupted into applause .
tr	NNS	Only the teachers talked to her and even they seemed to do it out of necessity .
tr	NNS	Sentinels , Keepers , Scouts and Jockeys all stormed into the corridors and assailed the enemy on sight .
tr	NN	There was a disgruntled mutter from my left .
tr	NN	Yes , even a goat appeared in front of her .
tr	NN	' And I reckon you 're right , ' Love said .
tr	NN	And then the applause began .
tr	NN	Love is all that I ever really wanted or needed from you .
tr	NN	""" My loyalty is to my kin ."
tr	NNS	When I return to myself , I 'm sweating , my knuckles bloodied , chips of stone hacked out of the walls of my cell .
tr	NN	The type even a werewolf would have trouble getting through .
tr	NN	Kylie 's annoyance peaked .
tr	NN	However , as he stepped out of the van and cast his stare towards South Leeds Stadium , a grimace passed over his lips .
tr	NN	The sheriff cracked a smile and nodded .
tr	NN	The pigeon struggled in her beak , and Melina struggled against Bronwyn , both in vain .
tr	NN	The challenge filled the space between them .
tr	NNS	Yet those same nations control us .
tr	NNS	A few raindrops landed on Spencer 's head .
tr	NN	Its master wasn 't that understanding .
tr	NNS	""" And a few lifetimes of that , and -- voilà !"
tr	NNS	The gills were still there and his eyes seemed entirely black with huge irises .
tr	NNS	The only items inside it were the small table he set her down on , a single chair , and a very horny master vampire .
tr	NN	Love was nearly overwhelming , threatening to drive him to his knees .
tr	NN	A cute , female ninja stands against the wall next to the door with a foot propped against it .
tr	NN	Phillip 's powerful vertical stroke split the front man 's wooden shield in two .
tr	NNS	Bottles stood on every table , and even though her glass was small , she sampled a good portion of them .
tr	NNS	Words flooded out of Selena .
tr	NNS	Alexis and Patrick kiss like lovers who 've been burning for each other .
tr	NNS	The four restaurants spread throughout the resort served everything from quick deli sandwiches to fine dining and specialty cuisines .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation ; two muffled shots hit Catriona in the chest , her body convulsed with each shot .
tr	NN	No wonder Grayson was bitter .
tr	NNS	Looks like they weren 't interested in killing .
tr	NNS	No wolves had made an appearance and that was probably due to the fact that so many had been taken .
tr	NNS	No doubt , our actions were going to change our future in a good or bad way .
tr	NNS	The mounted animal masks on the walls vibrated .
tr	NN	""" Cay , "" the little blonde said loudly patting Cage 's chest ."
tr	NN	Alex 's chuckle deepened .
tr	NNS	The two ogres set their eyes on me .
tr	NNS	Amur 's inquiries must have reached the wrong ears .
tr	NNS	"Looks like we found it after all . """
tr	NNS	More wolves than I could count .
tr	NNS	The strands of its magic began to snap as it struggled to hold back Lady Adriana and the dark magic dragons .
tr	NN	""" Where 's the chip ? """
tr	NNS	The investors agreed to give him ten million dollars for forty percent ownership of the app he created to start Ivan 's car with .
tr	NNS	And the crows swirled up into the air , dark , shining wings glittering in the moonlight , disturbed by a force they could not recognize .
tr	NNS	These black creatures would find the sneakers , or he would kill them all and find others to do the job .
tr	NNS	stated Candice before Simon could open his mouth .
tr	NN	The large policeman on my left turned around and then fell backwards with a hole in his head .
tr	NN	Dee 's high-pitched giggle followed my steps .
tr	NN	The steam from his favorite coffee mug mingled with his breath to form a white cloud that rose up in sharp contrast against the clear blue sky .
tr	NNS	Gold coins that I let fall through my fingers .
tr	NN	"And there 's a beef soup , and ... "" Marian looked over her shoulder ."
tr	NN	With a small explosion , the shield slammed down over the doorway .
tr	NN	The sob broke over her , and she buried herself in the safe haven of Granddaddy 's T-shirt .
tr	NN	One deep inhale and a shaky exhale , careful to blow the smoke away from me , and only then did he say a word .
tr	NNS	His kisses stole her words and the bed groaned slightly as he put his full weight on it .
tr	NN	After that , the referee started the count .
tr	NNS	Two , three , four rolls of plastic wrap went around me from my shoulders to my ankles .
tr	NN	And what was my reward ?
tr	NN	""" Her mane and tail are ... "" "" Fully dexterous , "" Squall confirmed ."
tr	NN	The hunter had returned from his recent trade expedition .
tr	NN	A few minutes later , as if to make a grand entrance , Kamil 's father-in-law enters the room .
tr	NNS	""" Folks back east know all about it ."
tr	NNS	The no strings attached that she needed .
tr	NNS	The mercenaries and their commander had departed as soon as their healers had done their work .
tr	NN	My grandmother had loved fishing , but I was only good for two hours , tops , and then I was ready to do something else .
tr	NN	The pipe had dropped into his hand like a talisman .
tr	NN	His assessment proved to be true to the bone , as Haley and Jim Morton were engaged even before Dave coached his first game .
tr	NN	The steely glint in her eye told me she 'd shoot us where we stood if we disobeyed .
tr	NN	' Oh , ah , ach , weel , aye ... ' Rob began , his face falling .
tr	NN	There was no proof !
tr	NN	There was a veritable mountain of that .
tr	NNS	Maybe all crows were just creepy .
tr	NN	A final click indicated that it had completed its first rotation of the day .
tr	NNS	The cousins replied in unison .
tr	NNS	Echo slides the door shut behind us in case any more minions are coming .
tr	NNS	Big , fat , fluffy flakes descended , covering the ground in a fresh blanket of white .
tr	NN	""" No kidding , "" Kim said ."
tr	NNS	Marius pulled his leg back for another kick .
tr	NNS	His defenses dropped as concern flashed in his eyes . '
tr	NN	A thunderous roar exploded like cannon fire .
tr	NN	"Our only condition is that he or she is respectful towards our profession . """
tr	NN	""" If you suggest that I take your father 's place , the transition will be smooth ."
tr	NNS	Girls sucked at video games , especially her and Eden .
tr	NN	The new parking garage extension anchored the north end of the downtown strip .
tr	NNS	""" There are no tours right now ."
tr	NN	My pa decided to volunteer Judas to play Joseph , and Delaney McDermott to play Mary .
tr	NN	""" The principal is going to let you rejoin the Safe and Sound club once you complete a six week session ."
tr	NNS	""" Bugs , how could you hire that plank ?"
tr	NNS	Naturally , all the illustrations were wondrously beautiful .
tr	NN	""" Your husband 's attorney has agreed to all of our terms . """
tr	NN	The pilot started getting nervous about the ash that had settled in the engine .
tr	NN	Chloe 's diary sits nestled between the two of them , opened .
tr	NN	The addition of the new platform was not all that had changed .
tr	NN	His secretary doesn 't meet my eyes as she tells me to go on in , where I find my father and Dr. Salter chatting about graduation .
tr	NN	""" Do not be so anxious ; your discomfort will only make her ill at ease ."
tr	NNS	Alexis wanted Xavier to come to her court when he arrived home .
tr	NN	Terror made the fingers in her hand go numb , and the tin cup fell to the ground .
tr	NN	The firelight flickered across his body , naked except for a short cape drawn over his shoulders .
tr	NN	Below Ben Horton 's entry as President , a new entry added Corky Eastwood as Vice President .
tr	NN	Even the pain medication the doctor prescribed doesn 't help .
tr	NNS	The hills roll all over the land and there is no flat space other than the river that gently slithers its way through the scene .
tr	NNS	Things had moved on .
tr	NN	His animalistic growl leaves no question that he is angry .
tr	NN	The dark stairwell scared him more now than before .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 'd better get used to the idea of getting rained on .
tr	NNS	"Reyes would rather die than lose her , and I would rather lose you than hurt him . """
tr	NN	The guilt had returned , and I felt bad immediately .
tr	NNS	His shots hadn 't been that bad .
tr	NNS	Others have already made up their minds .
tr	NNS	"After another moment of thought , he added , "" The traders will expect payment for their services and we will have another mouth to feed . """
tr	NNS	His hands whipped up , wrists crisscrossed , his fingers hammering at the triggers as his arms moved , left going right , right going left .
tr	NN	There was a click behind him , and the faint song of steel wires under tension yet yearning to be free .
tr	NN	What we 'd created , the honesty of what we 'd shared .
tr	NNS	Jubilant shouts and applause erupted from the group where they had coalesced around the microscope .
tr	NN	""" No , "" he said sarcastically , "" my drug dealing does that ."
tr	NN	A robe very much like Victoria 's .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter was nearly at the top , which to Leo appeared to be the rim of a crater .
tr	NN	Jazz caught up to him at the reception desk .
tr	NNS	The pirates then played at the shore , with rum in their hands .
tr	NN	The staircase , the hallway , the whole of the chateau lay silent and dark .
tr	NN	"And the bastard demanded payment before he 'd hand over the meat ! """
tr	NNS	Muscles clenched in his stomach .
tr	NN	A dimple creased one cheek .
tr	NN	And her noose still tight enough she couldn 't call for help .
tr	NN	""" This entry is the day it all began , our secret was about to be exposed by the others and our ancestors had to act quickly ."
tr	NN	The illustration portrayed an ecstatic young girl zipping along , hair flying from beneath a horned Viking style helmet .
tr	NNS	Rags whined while I tried to soothe him .
tr	NNS	The grandparents that lived in town were among those being forced to evacuate .
tr	NN	""" Where 's your loyalty ? """
tr	NN	The proof was in the snow -- bright splashes of blood that colored the white powder red .
tr	NN	"I ' l tel you if he 's cool about it . """
tr	NN	Up ahead , a lightning swift rustle blurred my vision , and in that instant , a tingle of languid awareness rippled through me .
tr	NNS	The notches on your bedpost are long , as is the line .
tr	NNS	he said , an incredulous smile mixed with dawning annoyance sweeping across his face .
tr	NN	What could this slender , timid woman want to say to him that would embarrass her so much ?
tr	NN	Her pulse was pounding .
tr	NNS	The promises they 'd made to each other continued to haunt her .
tr	NNS	Words failed Theodosia for a moment , and she moved her mouth , looking rather like a fish .
tr	NNS	Council members had been entering and exiting here for centuries .
tr	NNS	Other mothers had told Karen they were wasted on a boy .
tr	NNS	The three young zombies launched an attack without hesitation .
tr	NN	There was much honor in him .
tr	NN	Robert 's wife Melinda sighed .
tr	NN	"But the senator wants me to get him some answers . """
tr	NNS	There were die mysterious scrolls .
tr	NN	A bit o ' this , bit o ' that .
tr	NN	Thinking of his agent miles away Johnny smiled .
tr	NN	As she studied the wound on her cheekbone , Joshua 's reflection appeared behind hers .
tr	NN	A small bright spark shone in its long jaws .
tr	NN	But there was simply no mistaking the way she looked at him , letting her eyes linger a little too long .
tr	NN	""" The stench of death lies heavy on the air . """
tr	NNS	Beside those two items was a watch .
tr	NN	Her stiff spine eased .
tr	NNS	The screens showing the enemy ships went blank .
tr	NN	his partner asked , nearly gagging .
tr	NNS	"Both banks and account numbers were on Ken 's list . """
tr	NN	"My sergeant will have more information if you need it , sir . """
tr	NN	Now there was the notion of a second child ; a thought both exalting and terrifying .
tr	NN	The ape departed , quiet as a mouse .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stop only a few feet from us .
tr	NNS	""" Her expressions , her tone , her accent , while strange , are easy to understand ."
tr	NNS	Images I cannot grasp are spinning out of control around me .
tr	NNS	Hands that reached out of the shadows and took hold of her shoulders , hands that dragged her , screaming , into the darkness .
tr	NN	My lack of response was the answer she expected .
tr	NN	The patrons and the hippies began hurling food , then pieces of furniture , then ingredients from behind the counter .
tr	NNS	The characters and situations in this book are entirely imaginary and bear no relation to any real person or actual happening .
tr	NN	A dart pinned one of her pants legs to the ground , taking off a piece of material as her slide made it rip .
tr	NN	There was a strange mumbling in her ears .
tr	NNS	The slugs cowered , while Kate and Jason tilted their heads skyward once more .
tr	NNS	""" One lands in South Africa and I believe there is one in China ."
tr	NN	Everyone dismounted and the sergeant barked a few commands .
tr	NN	A cute little squirrel hopped hesitantly from under the branches .
tr	NNS	""" Oh , the one Kel 's crushing on ? """
tr	NN	""" Your papa and me . """
tr	NNS	Giant sails blocked out most of the sky , although she could just see glimpses of pink from the setting sun in the gaps around the edges .
tr	NN	One last roar echoed throughout the glen .
tr	NNS	First , to prove to him that immortals existed and they were extremely hard for ordinary humans to kill .
tr	NNS	""" Things are different now ."
tr	NNS	Two eggs are for wimps .
tr	NNS	Behind the counter , rows of tall shelves extended into the distance .
tr	NN	""" The grilled hanger steak for you ? """
tr	NNS	the expressions on the people 's faces so detailed as to be lifelike .
tr	NN	There is a mass of forms in front of her , several dozen of her size , if not larger .
tr	NNS	And then the cousins heard a language very similar to their own Bulgarian .
tr	NN	The castle itself was almost in ruins .
tr	NNS	There were no trains , no buses , not even any real roads .
tr	NN	The Child will descend from him . '
tr	NN	""" No offense taken ."
tr	NNS	""" Her Highness does not exaggerate ."
tr	NNS	My hopes fell as I looked at Sydney across the room .
tr	NNS	The wicked winds eased up , a clear sign that the storm was passing .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails didn 't concern him any more than her heels when she kicked backward .
tr	NN	The stench of dead wet smoke lingered along the trail even though there were no actual clouds of smoke in sight .
tr	NNS	With a pat on my shoulder , her soft footsteps faded from the room , leaving me alone with my sleeping father .
tr	NNS	Curious what level of threat it needs to become before the law takes it seriously .
tr	NNS	Rivers and lakes covered most of the land , ranges of mountains and circles of plains and deserts dotted the spaces in between .
tr	NNS	My rear cameras picked up two men pushing mowers across their yards .
tr	NNS	""" Large covens don 't work , and taking over a city -- that 's just ludicrous . """
tr	NN	' ... half-day today ' the school teacher had joked , and laughing together .
tr	NNS	A few packets in direct interface made the meaning of the gesture clear .
tr	NNS	There was something fascinating about that woman .
tr	NNS	"The Venetian paintings were bloody awful . """
tr	NN	Raymond 's parting sentiment was heartfelt .
tr	NNS	""" Any objections to that plan ? """
tr	NN	Song pulled out her finger and smiled at Echo .
tr	NN	Storm doesn 't even have the thing in park before I jump out .
tr	NNS	The characters within this novel are of widely varying upbringing .
tr	NN	The home division is that which dealt with government and contracts .
tr	NN	The screechy plant cackled uncontrollably .
tr	NN	The goat twisted and fought her as she dragged it out towards the milking stand .
tr	NN	After a few minutes a maid came in with my drink and some cheese and crackers .
tr	NN	""" No kidding , "" she said wryly and he knew that she was still thinking about the will and what J.D. had done to her ."
tr	NNS	Nothing changes , does it ?
tr	NNS	Paul 's objections are well-grounded : a terrorist would introduce modifications into the software with terrible consequences .
tr	NNS	"Folks around here know my connection to you . """
tr	NN	""" What 's the duct for ? """
tr	NNS	I looked down at the sink where my soda can lay on its side , the contents foaming down the drain .
tr	NNS	Others in your place would not have been so .
tr	NNS	The guard designs were like a swirled ribbon of silvery mist suspended in time .
tr	NNS	Within seconds , the gorillas had breached the perimeter and trampled the mesh fence into the mud .
tr	NNS	Others have a few decades .
tr	NN	The politician nodded to Tench as he looked around at prospective black voters .
tr	NN	""" The leader of the Giddy Nine , Simeon , was an adventurous man , more soldier than minstrel ."
tr	NNS	He escorted his visitor around the city , explained their programs and the economic and cultural influences which affected their work .
tr	NNS	"The twins are with me . """
tr	NN	""" How could a hunter lose one of their most valuable weapons ? """
tr	NN	The pilot began to fly back the way they had come when the heat started to disrupt the flow of the rotors .
tr	NNS	After more than ten minutes the two detectives returned .
tr	NN	The captain spoke , but I could not remember a word he said .
tr	NN	But despite his words there was also the slightest teasing glint to his eyes and the smallest of smiles on his lips .
tr	NNS	The ruckus made always awoke his prisoners and let them know that he was coming up to see them .
tr	NNS	There was something greenish about it , and it seemed to pulse .
tr	NNS	As he went further the tunnel dimensions were larger and he found he could stand without trouble .
tr	NNS	Others will discredit them .
tr	NN	Part of her wanted to berate him , to tell him to give her the space she 'd asked for .
tr	NN	Terror overtook me and I blacked out .
tr	NNS	"Looks to me like a map of North America . """
tr	NN	There was a dragon berry festival in the village today and we went to it .
tr	NN	This morning , the fired commander of the Turkish armed forces staged a coup , and deposed the government .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation .
tr	NNS	The technicians glanced uneasily at one another .
tr	NNS	Myles felt his eyebrows go up .
tr	NNS	""" Please , sit , Your Highness , "" Elena said ."
tr	NN	The gentleman said something to her , and Louisa laughed .
tr	NN	The pub was surprisingly busy .
tr	NN	The liquid wasn 't just blood .
tr	NN	The clatter of suddenly discarded weapons was enormous .
tr	NNS	All the versions of darkness blended into one another .
tr	NNS	Their uniforms were too tight in all the right places .
tr	NNS	The contents of his stomach rose sharply again , bile burning up his throat .
tr	NN	The brunette watched her beer slide across the floor , and then took a step toward Raegan , but her friend grabbed both of her arms .
tr	NN	"That wasn "" t a good sign ."
tr	NN	But the damned software didn 't work .
tr	NNS	He was invited to meet with the elders who spoke to him through an Aboriginal guide the visitors had brought with them .
tr	NNS	Vincent 's paintings would be dust .
tr	NN	There 's a clink of a cup and I follow the sound into the kitchen , uneasy when I find Realm at the table all alone .
tr	NNS	The ghosts were still there and coming fast .
tr	NN	By 2100 , The GMO takeover was complete and the world 's population could no longer choose what they eat or grow .
tr	NN	Her resolve remained steady for about ten more steps .
tr	NNS	Like a camera flash in a dark room , images popped into her mind .
tr	NN	The neat organization of their enclave had vanished in a few , devastating hours .
tr	NNS	Even so , when she swirled the wine around the jug with her hand , the contents appeared to be , not of the finest quality .
tr	NN	"Always a treat , if you ask me . """
tr	NN	His grandmother kissed his cheek .
tr	NN	"My own network will offer them fabulous sums for their tales of evil and woe . """
tr	NNS	The healers had never forgotten their ties to the Lycans and the city of Tidus .
tr	NN	The market where I worked is there , and we found tracks in the snow .
tr	NN	The dwarf shook off her daze and put her arms on my shoulders , trying to push me off .
tr	NNS	""" The only life signs we see are the Jaegers and the Arash soldiers . """
tr	NN	"A deep chuckle came from the kitchen , and then , "" I heard you telling Dawson that two days ago ."
tr	NN	With the air of one swatting at an irritating bug , the vampire casual y backhanded the inventor with a closed fist .
tr	NN	the cafeteria as tears fil her eyes .
tr	NN	Her h * ps began to move in tiny circles , seeking the pleasure of his touch .
tr	NNS	""" And the elves kidnapped us , thinking we 'd hurt them ."
tr	NNS	The nondescript sneakers sprung to life .
tr	NN	The landing had been surprisingly soft and squishy -- not to mention the fall hadn 't even been that long .
tr	NN	The automatic tracking software had Toby in focus , walking quickly away from the building and looking confused .
tr	NNS	Persephone 's cards were slightly larger than Maura 's and Calla 's , and the art on them was curious .
tr	NNS	Giant sunglasses obscure her eyes and a thin gold chain hangs from her neck .
tr	NNS	The long strands angled down into darkness with an occasional black tentacle reaching out toward the sub .
tr	NN	Then there was his apparent inability to grow fatigued , which was probably the biggest difference of all from real life .
tr	NNS	Things like this didn 't happen in real life .
tr	NN	My son 's absence is killing me everyday .
tr	NN	Her voice had grown tight , the thrusts of her h * ps back and into his harder .
tr	NNS	Our calculations show impact in approximately eight days .
tr	NNS	And more importantly , his actions had always been in an effort to protect this woman .
tr	NN	Like he 's an imbecile , an oaf .
tr	NNS	As he neared her , the colors in his ring began to move , swirling with yellows and golds .
tr	NN	""" When is your anniversary , Frances ? """
tr	NNS	The authorities chalked these sightings up to mistaken identity .
tr	NN	""" Does your tribe have many dogs ? """
tr	NNS	But when she pulled into the driveway of her father 's new house , her worries took a sharp turn .
tr	NN	His inquiry hadn 't come off as a question so much as an insinuation .
tr	NNS	A winged Mercedes rumbles past in the distant sky and vanishes in a muffled sonic boom .
tr	NN	"A veil of silence will come down . """
tr	NN	His iron shod boots allowed no purchase and he fell back into the water .
tr	NN	the bald slave yelled , exiting from the kitchen .
tr	NNS	Screams , screams , so many screams .
tr	NN	"The examiner said that death would have been nearly instantaneous in both cases . """
tr	NN	Grief and guilt hung on him , bowing his shoulders with their weight .
tr	NN	The leader glances away from Jael to regard me with puzzlement .
tr	NNS	""" What are its dimensions ? """
tr	NNS	Without the wrist device , Imp users could rest assured their feeds were private .
tr	NN	But every inch was more difficult to heave up to the surface than the last .
tr	NN	A damp musk tinged the air .
tr	NNS	Too bad the cookies wouldn 't last nearly that long .
tr	NN	The newcomer wore a dull tan overcoat , a pair of brown trousers , and a simple white shirt .
tr	NNS	There were also some creatures in the bar who were not vamps and not human , members of Louisiana 's supernatural community .
tr	NN	The thundering roar in her ears made his voice sound as if it came from a very long distance .
tr	NN	Finally , the werewolf takes a step back .
tr	NN	The hatch opened out onto a ledge of a heavily wooded slope , thick with birches and alders .
tr	NNS	Our priorities have to change .
tr	NN	But I wouldn , t know if it was on fire .
tr	NNS	Others have lost their whole families , many of whom were not even for our cause .
tr	NN	""" Because beef is murder ! """
tr	NN	Then ... then a blue , scaly tip appeared above the cliff .
tr	NN	The tube opened with a hydraulic hiss .
tr	NN	With the people 's courage wavering , the capture or death of Mr White would be a fatal blow to our resistance .
tr	NNS	Chess had kissed me the night before .
tr	NN	When she had awakened to the sound of the heated argument , her first instinct had been to get dressed and slip out the back door .
tr	NNS	Various bouts of mumbling broke out in expectation of what they would hear .
tr	NNS	"The hallways were numerous but there was a red arrow with "" studio "" painted on each wall , showing the direction ."
tr	NNS	The superhero posters plastered on the walls .
tr	NNS	He stepped inside and closed the door , his movements deceptively casual .
tr	NN	A large gentleman emerged from the rear of the limousine .
tr	NNS	The policeman offers Isaiah his wallet back and mumbles something to him .
tr	NNS	""" Well , the emails progressively get more threatening and aggressive ."
tr	NN	There was a challenge in his words .
tr	NN	The one bonus of her coming to get me , I suppose , was that I didn 't have to face the wrath of her father .
tr	NN	The duke shoved him away .
tr	NN	The official announcement here is it was an alien attack .
tr	NNS	Barnabas shouted , and my jaw dropped when he shook his shirt and brought out a short hand scythe , twin to Seth 's .
tr	NN	Part of me knew that I should be concerned about this spirit that kept appearing to me , but I couldn 't make myself worry about it .
tr	NN	A firestorm of feelings as his tongue swept into her mouth , asking and demanding .
tr	NNS	Their scales were the same shade as blood , and their temples were flared .
tr	NNS	Marius shook his head , his heavy brow drooping low over his eyes .
tr	NN	"My therapist reiterated , "" Denying you are a spiritual being is like denying you have a left arm . """
tr	NNS	Then his pupils dilated at the sweet scent rushing into his being .
tr	NN	Love knew all the tricks .
tr	NN	A low growl emanated from inside him .
tr	NN	The absence of his promised prey threw the beasts balance askew as it stumbled forward .
tr	NN	His own bloody stupidity was how he 'd ended up there .
tr	NNS	' May the nations praise you , O God .
tr	NNS	The countess ushered the two dark-haired soldiers to the door .
tr	NN	Patience and skill was a must to become the winning team .
tr	NN	Love sat back in his chair and grinned .
tr	NN	the rogue behind me hissed .
tr	NNS	Elias stared back at him .
tr	NNS	His other companions seldom joined us , and Saul kept himself away more than the others , busily writing his long letters .
tr	NNS	Folks come by all the time , but they don 't stay long .
tr	NN	The public 's blood lust had a new , fresher target .
tr	NN	The arrangement equally allowed social interaction should the occupants wish for a night of light chatter .
tr	NNS	Odysseus knew it was no good haggling over that price : pepper was , literally , worth its weight in gold .
tr	NNS	Three figures run down the alley .
tr	NN	My h * ps met him for each thrust , and I devoured each of his moans with my lips .
tr	NN	- Ok , maybe I have just a very weak pulse ?
tr	NN	Love had no temperature .
tr	NN	Cutest fucking freckle I 'd ever seen .
tr	NN	There was a slight hesitation .
tr	NN	The art of faith forgotten , the art of faith denied .
tr	NNS	"Things that were once simple became difficult . """
tr	NN	Atop the box was a carving of the king 's coat of arms .
tr	NNS	Aris , in white shirt and pants that hugged every slope and bulge of his perfection and offset his glowing tan .
tr	NNS	The forecast predictions warned of an unbearable summer , and they were right .
tr	NN	His coven there was not so lucky .
tr	NN	""" Uh ... "" Elizabeth suddenly pulled out the hospital pager from her purse ."
tr	NNS	Satisfied clients meant a steady rise within the firm to senior associate -- and soon , he hoped , junior partner .
tr	NN	There was value in doing a single thing well .
tr	NNS	Questions swirled around my head constantly .
tr	NN	""" Of course , such a story wil have to be corroborated ."
tr	NNS	Marius looked at him with a scowl .
tr	NNS	The effects of the gas are just wearing off .
tr	NNS	The jagged edges of her cut pulled together , no longer oozing but still looking nasty as hell .
tr	NN	"And a trickle of fresh water runs into that basin over there . """
tr	NN	""" It 's in my quarters , "" stammered the first mate , now with a knife pressed to his throat for added persuasion ."
tr	NNS	Questions , comments , concerns ?
tr	NN	The municipal government would not trim or cut down trees for the safety of a private tycoon , anymore than they would permit electronic security .
tr	NN	""" And then the sheriff was there , and the chance was gone . """
tr	NNS	Soldiers streamed out of the hull , scrambling away seconds before the thing blew .
tr	NN	The constable 's scowl grew deeper as he examined the document .
tr	NN	Great coffee pot , mug ready , ready for coffee , but the Joe was gone .
tr	NNS	Thirty yards away the breakers began .
tr	NN	The challenge came during the solo section in the middle .
tr	NNS	Huge spotlights drenched every inch of our little pocket of grass .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus reacted in sudden and obvious panic , releasing my throat and struggling to get away .
tr	NN	There was a sickening thud when the hunter skidded , headfirst , into a brick wall .
tr	NN	Link threw the mutated thing backward , and it flew at least ten feet , skidding across the dirt .
tr	NN	The challenge had come with finding what to do , beyond sleeping , with the other seventy hours of free time in the week .
tr	NNS	Pity the images only played like clips from a film reel instead of me being inside Adrian 's head when his murderer came calling .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared again .
tr	NNS	There are security cameras in the hall .
tr	NN	The liquid in this pot is alcoholic , and we add vinegar to it .
tr	NN	But the teacher had already turned away and Lynn giggled .
tr	NN	The veranda looked bare without her Rainier cherry tree and Japanese Boxwood framing the French window .
tr	NN	Right the way around , so no-one and nothing could get in or out without them knowing .
tr	NN	the astonished Irishman said .
tr	NNS	Words spilled out of their own accord , faster than I could form sentences .
tr	NN	Tammie 's grandmother watches her daughter leave and hears her granddaughter 's cries .
tr	NNS	Strong winds spiraled the air in every imaginable direction .
tr	NN	The ease you have while spending time with me is quite rare .
tr	NN	Reality and its problems brushed aside and replaced by the suggestion their dreams were a mere sniff away .
tr	NNS	"Why don 't villains ever want something rational ? """
tr	NNS	Their beautiful , alluring ghosts remain in the forest , waiting to tempt and wreak revenge on the male sex .
tr	NN	A black veil dropped over Dan 's vision and he was momentarily dizzy , not sure which way was up or down .
tr	NN	There 's a slit in my mattress ?
tr	NNS	The courts always interviewed the kids .
tr	NNS	"If they give it to a foreigner , the fans will probably revolt . """
tr	NNS	"Others will be here shortly . """
tr	NN	The valet pulled the car up and my parents helped me into the backseat of their rental car .
tr	NN	The real estate agent was standing right underneath my win - dow .
tr	NN	The groaning anchor winch was still rumbling inside the ship when Butch pointed and bellowed something .
tr	NNS	The cliffs stood before him .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered again and this time they opened .
tr	NNS	The twins and Neil were sleeping down there .
tr	NN	"My number one goal for the summer is to save enough money to buy a car . """
tr	NN	The psychiatrist stiffened in surprise .
tr	NN	There are several pointed turret like structures pointing towards the sky at differing heights , but all at the same , roughly 45 degree angle .
tr	NN	""" Yet more proof that your youth doesn 't preclude you from being wise . """
tr	NNS	Yes , the gates were up ahead , and the guards were pulling open the doors for the pair .
tr	NNS	"Your chances of survival are slim , even if you weren 't suffering from a stab wound to your abdomen . """
tr	NN	Now , if the they stop printing , the government will collapse .
tr	NNS	X-ray scans are poor for outlining anything relating to organic tissue and a normal brain is almost totally organic tissue .
tr	NN	Patch 's feather could be anywhere .
tr	NN	The fundraiser would give her the perfect opportunity to read the general and find out if he , like his colleague General McEntire , was involved .
tr	NN	Instantly raising a silencing hand , Link kneels next to the kid , placing a comforting hand on his shoulder .
tr	NN	The other sadly shook his head .
tr	NNS	Soldiers in uniform hurried between the buildings trying to stay out of the heat .
tr	NN	But my resolve was ironclad .
tr	NN	There was a rustle of trees as a breeze rose off the fields .
tr	NNS	Looks like Lily 's got you trained .
tr	NN	Each race that rose from its sphere was ready and fighting to secure itself in its second home .
tr	NNS	The suggestions kept coming but time was running out and the enemy was getting closer .
tr	NN	The townsfolk were all pleasant enough , though of course Stony Vale had its share of grumpy malcontents .
tr	NNS	The two pirates who had been rowing jumped out and pulled the rowboat out of the water until the hull scraped noisily against the sandy beach .
tr	NN	The formality was irritating .
tr	NN	Like the kitchen , the pantry was empty .
tr	NN	The clang of dishes seemed to deliberately interrupt and punctuate their words .
tr	NN	""" Impossible , "" seemed to be Myo 's only explanation ."
tr	NN	The young knight struggled to catch his breath .
tr	NN	The only other option is to hurt Steve because that is the only way that I will get past him .
tr	NNS	The effects of alcohol were wearing off but she did not feel any less emboldened .
tr	NN	Even the sergeant had a twitchy air about him , and he began pausing frequently , raising his hand for the column to halt .
tr	NNS	It was in his eyes , too , his pupils dilated and consumed the brown irises .
tr	NNS	And , as I said , my efforts had actually been working .
tr	NNS	The beatings grew worse .
tr	NNS	""" When he broke his hand , his fans cried for him ."
tr	NNS	These programs for the poor , to be run more efficiently and can be run with less fraud and abuse at the state level .
tr	NNS	His big hand presses between my shoulder blades , and I follow the unspoken command and lean over from my hips , arching my back .
tr	NN	The brunette , who must have been Kelly , grinned .
tr	NN	A trickle of blood hung on his brow and his sea green eyes were frantic .
tr	NNS	""" My grandparents ... the adopted parents of my real dad are here . """
tr	NNS	Bring only yourselves , no humans , no exceptions , understood ?
tr	NN	The Program is looking for The Treatment - that 's what this is .
tr	NN	There was a lantern and a groove in the wall , so Celaena once again lit the spiraling passage .
tr	NN	""" What 's your theory ? """
tr	NNS	Chills shook him as he walked to the blue and white phone stand .
tr	NNS	""" Who are the twins ?"
tr	NN	The sealed hatch into the freighter lay directly beyond the Bay Eight opening .
tr	NNS	Now thousands of rioters are flowing in that direction , their voices unified , a single note of fury .
tr	NN	"Carlo 's wife 's uncle raised the veal himself and delivered it this afternoon . """
tr	NNS	Lights flared out in the darkness to the right .
tr	NN	The hatch slid back into place with a clang .
tr	NN	""" The sheriff is right ; whatever comes out of the cave may help us , but at the same time may hurt us ."
tr	NNS	But there were more strange and totally inexplicable effects to come .
tr	NNS	""" Holy objects also have some value , although not enough to kill them . """
tr	NNS	Many changes had taken place since I 'd come to Blossom Street .
tr	NNS	The highways are well lit but I ´ ve noticed not too many house lights .
tr	NNS	The Hall was full of Shadowhunters , more Shadowhunters than Clary had ever seen in one place before , even on the night of Valentine 's attack .
tr	NN	""" The merger wasn 't their decision . """
tr	NNS	Others abandoned their vehicles and prepared for a ground offensive .
tr	NN	A street vendor was selling coffee on the corner .
tr	NNS	There was a porcelain tub already filled with steaming water , rose petals floating on the surface .
tr	NNS	For a moment the three companions stood there , shrinking , staring up with unwilling eyes .
tr	NNS	Kris dropped her mouth open .
tr	NN	Surely ' t is too long for her to sleep .
tr	NN	His injury and time recouping seemed to bring him a new sense of peace and clarity .
tr	NNS	The three woman creatures floated out of the room .
tr	NN	Yes , yes , master : give it back , eh ?
tr	NNS	Aris gave him a serene look .
tr	NNS	Noah changes places with me so I 'm sitting on the edge of the bed and he 's on his knees in front of me .
tr	NNS	""" Questions for another time , "" he said , his back to him ."
tr	NNS	Things went quiet for a while for me and Austin .
tr	NNS	"Things have gone far enough . """
tr	NN	That bastard is the reason I 'm rotting away in this damned stone block .
tr	NN	The other Assassin , a knife fighter , ducked in and deflected her strike .
tr	NN	The werewolf passed and the road was empty again .
tr	NNS	""" There are plenty more rug rats here . """
tr	NN	Gypsy coughed and spat black blood .
tr	NNS	But other situations , like this one , had arisen to obliterate at least some of those preconceptions .
tr	NNS	""" How many containers of vanilla ? """
tr	NN	He reached out , rope looped in his hands .
tr	NNS	Looks like a black jacket .
tr	NNS	A dozen miniature alligators lay peacefully before his eyes , at least one destined for fame as a legend of the New York sewer system .
tr	NNS	Their jaws punctured flesh , injecting lethal poison .
tr	NNS	On the walls , paintings of Revolutionary War battles hung .
tr	NNS	Behind the impressive and uncharacteristic additions was traditional flowery wallpaper that you wouldn 't expect to find in a room of this purpose .
tr	NNS	"The Day Soldiers will reward your service -- "" "" That 's crap . """
tr	NNS	Then the elves of the valley came out and greeted them and led them across the water to the house of Elrond .
tr	NNS	The tigers had plainly stalked them , following them quietly through the forest as they fled away , driven by Pyotr 's initial warning .
tr	NNS	Words were tough to find .
tr	NNS	Rancher Murdock 's ancestors took in Wesley 's son .
tr	NN	The clang nearly knocked the bar out of his grip and the soldiers roared with laughter .
tr	NNS	Light footsteps sounded , and he shuttered his eyes .
tr	NN	His master at arms had a keen ability to predict trouble .
tr	NNS	Mages were serious creatures that rarely laughed or showed their emotions to one another .
tr	NN	""" The goal here is not to beat the guy up . """
tr	NNS	Things that horrified her .
tr	NN	The legendary hunter , the watcher of the horizons , guardian against all beasts , was sending his warning .
tr	NNS	Rufus looked at his daughter with renewed respect .
tr	NN	The pound of footsteps suddenly echoed and the flames several feet in front of her parted .
tr	NN	The castle was a maze , a tangle .
tr	NN	The organization that Misha and I are a part of is working in many ways to help people find the path , the path you know well .
tr	NNS	Sutton 's teachers sat mingled with the students .
tr	NN	A thud outside her door caused her to lurch to her feet and gasp .
tr	NNS	The monitor 's images illuminated Cassian 's angular face in harsh relief and shadows .
tr	NNS	Even the ghosts had fallen silent as if they too were anxious about my escape .
tr	NN	The leader smirked , showing off her chipped front tooth .
tr	NN	There was a warrior in all that spoiled prince .
tr	NN	The wraith looked at Shimmer , then at Echo .
tr	NN	Her absence from the house left a chilling void .
tr	NN	The dwarf fired first and the bolt bounced off his shield and blasted a crate .
tr	NN	There was a shattering crash as it went through .
tr	NN	Maybe he ' l relax a bit .
tr	NN	A noticeable gleam filled his eyes .
tr	NNS	Maris laughed and dropped to her knees , holding out her arms in time to catch the tiny tornado as she launched herself forward .
tr	NN	""" Your database on four-wheeled automotive propulsion is incomplete ."
tr	NN	A cascade of golden hair fell tumbling from beneath the shirt and swept over the gentle curve between her shoulder blades .
tr	NN	The current teacher was leaving after this semester to stay home with her baby , due in January .
tr	NN	Your daddy has lots of money , but he 's a socialist .
tr	NN	Her spine stiffened a little .
tr	NNS	My classes are easier now that my professors know my dirty little secret .
tr	NNS	The sparse gas streetlights had just started to come on .
tr	NN	The castle continued to shake in response to an ominous rumble in the foundation .
tr	NNS	Cars and trucks and uniformed soldiers were everywhere .
tr	NN	The stake obligingly disappeared into his chest .
tr	NNS	And that these trials push us out of our comfort zone , help us to grow , and bring us closer to God .
tr	NN	If he wasn 't trapped at his own dinner table , Link didn 't even pretend to move the food around anymore .
tr	NNS	No fears of it all falling apart .
tr	NNS	The tightness between my shoulder blades seemed to ease a little with his promise .
tr	NNS	All characters and events depicted in this book are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental .
tr	NNS	The ramifications of the discovery were endless .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of his family make Adel homesick .
tr	NN	The baron stood , placing his hand on his sword pommel .
tr	NN	The dragon barely moved , just let out a groan .
tr	NN	Noah 's golf cart came to an abrupt halt .
tr	NNS	"The scholars study for study 's sake . """
tr	NN	The guilt clawed at her .
tr	NN	A tremor ran through her body as Dominic sucked at his fingers , his eyes dark and hot .
tr	NNS	The gates swung open , and Morgan waved the cars forward as he slid back into his own vehicle .
tr	NN	"Perhaps the soil of our homeland would be of help . """
tr	NN	The pilot eased the plane onto the main runway and pushed the throttles forward .
tr	NNS	As they stood there , the gates closed behind them and Monika shivered , as she got the feeling that this was a cage .
tr	NNS	' The markings were essentially decorative , and many convicts had their own unique design .
tr	NNS	Valerius rose to his feet , raising a hand .
tr	NN	The executive nodded and stood in front of the shelf filled with plaques and trophies .
tr	NNS	After all , proper young misses didn 't barrel up to men they don 't know and announce that they 'd been in her dream .
tr	NNS	The villagers and elves would have to fend for themselves for now .
tr	NN	The car 's front bumper was the closest elevated position to Ted 's current position .
tr	NN	""" Lieutenant Song , please begin rounding up a team to evaluate the condition of the arboretum ."
tr	NN	Every workable copper mine !
tr	NNS	Words are harder to find and the sweat breaks out all over .
tr	NN	The mayor put his hands over his ears .
tr	NNS	"There were so few colors we could put her in that didn 't make her look sick . """
tr	NN	""" The map , of necessity , is quite large , so we needed a sizeable room . """
tr	NN	The data streaming through my head clouded my vision .
tr	NN	The aura pulsing from the statuette almost formed a tangible wall of force .
tr	NN	Here the smells are worse .
tr	NNS	Some pilgrims closed their eyes trying to catch the visions .
tr	NN	As he strained , a sharp jab of electric pain shot through his head .
tr	NN	The silver tube that ran along the ceiling concealed the two heroes that had been standing there moments earlier .
tr	NNS	Luckily the sunglasses would cut the glare of the gym while I pranced around in my stupid costume .
tr	NNS	""" Two tickets to the winter formal , "" he explained ."
tr	NNS	""" So no beetle eggs in this malt , "" Pigeon said , poised to take a new sip ."
tr	NN	A spark of pain flashed in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Their tongues slid and stroked each other , mimicking their bodies ' motion .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of life to betray the presence of the people inside the bank building .
tr	NNS	Images of heartbroken girls from long ago rose to taunt me , but I shut them down .
tr	NN	A car chase , for God 's sake ; this couldn 't really happen .
tr	NNS	There were racks of old CDs .
tr	NN	Her honor was all she had left .
tr	NNS	Hands that once held the world , now looked frail , aged .
tr	NN	""" He is not alone at present , "" the wary warrior explained ."
tr	NN	""" My adrenaline was about to shoot through my eyes !"
tr	NNS	""" And the supplies would last until you got back to Earth ? """
tr	NNS	Two warriors managed to climb through the open aft cargo door .
tr	NNS	The emptiness was a reprieve .
tr	NN	Incredibly , the top hatch of the tank opened and a blond haired man stuck his head out .
tr	NN	The formal attire for the Red Half Council was armor , which came in variety of material and styles .
tr	NNS	Then sobs wracked out of him .
tr	NN	"Your master is quite peculiar . """
tr	NNS	No Questions Asked By : Joseph Estevez Lucas Keys had never in his life looked so beautiful and yet so dreadful .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed the collar of my jean jacket , yanked me out , and backed me against the brick exterior .
tr	NNS	Reyes gave the knife yet another twist , and the tip sliced the bone in two , driving straight into another muscle .
tr	NNS	The soul paintings became visions and the visions new ventures providing food and richness for the people .
tr	NN	The trio must have dispatched the last truck on their own , but not without a cost .
tr	NNS	Screams ruptured her ears .
tr	NNS	Nerves knotted my throat .
tr	NNS	His attempts to lighten whatever the Council was doing to mess with us never invoked the response he hoped it would .
tr	NNS	""" But where we were heading is the only thing that all of us knew ere the wolves came ."
tr	NN	""" What about Granddad 's wine cellar ? """
tr	NNS	Horus never even flinched .
tr	NNS	The hills roll on for ages , and the road is narrow and curving , never-ending .
tr	NN	The werewolf across the table sprang to his feet .
tr	NN	His posture gave him an air of confidence when in truth he was fighting the urge to slug the man before him .
tr	NNS	As well as coloring their faces , the female warriors , braided their long hair with brass , bone , and beads .
tr	NNS	""" Some shows , some museums , "" she answered ."
tr	NN	Her pulse beat savagely against his fingertips .
tr	NNS	Luckily , the twins were getting easier for Sam and Maddie to handle as they approached their first birthday .
tr	NN	' My darling - I hope he did not hurt you . '
tr	NNS	His chains trailed behind him .
tr	NN	Just fucking be a man and admit to me how the sex is .
tr	NNS	There are only so many newspapers that can be printed each day , and they 're allowed to have only so many pages .
tr	NNS	Muscles rolled under his tan skin .
tr	NNS	""" I 've missed you , princess , "" Cameron whispers against my ear then nibbles on my earlobe ."
tr	NN	' One sec , Nora , ' Julie calls back .
tr	NN	A white van bearing the name of a local furnace company pulled up to the plane .
tr	NN	There so often is , mate . '
tr	NNS	The kisses trailed to her ear .
tr	NN	"Besides , your shampoo sucks . """
tr	NN	Wouldn 't any attorney have taken it , if offered a $ 10,000 retainer ?
tr	NN	The caller ID read the number of the prison where Alex was held .
tr	NNS	Chapter II : Of Mankind Man The goblins that had once dominated the whole earth were now leaderless .
tr	NNS	There were significant risks .
tr	NNS	There were letters next to it , but like most Angles I had never learned to read .
tr	NNS	""" What are you minions standing about for ?"
tr	NN	""" And how does a mountain fall down ? """
tr	NN	And Ben 's guardian Angel , immediately reacted to Ben 's thoughts .
tr	NN	The tether was pointing straight toward the wall in front of me , still indicating the center of the maze .
tr	NNS	Romulus might get them out of jams , but he got them into just as many .
tr	NN	A Fire snake 's venom caused one of the most agonizing injuries there were .
tr	NN	The dragon has withered all the pleasant green , and anyway the night has come and it is cold .
tr	NNS	The mesh slats below allowed the water to rise up enough to lick at his feet and fill his shoes .
tr	NN	But no child 's pumpkin carving tool .
tr	NN	A trickle of fear slipped down Michaels ' spine at the look on the hologram 's face .
tr	NNS	"A dozen objections flashed through David 's mind , but they all faded before that one line : "" You owe me that . """
tr	NN	A blue-white spark of fire fell right in front of us , but was absorbed immediately by the lamp pole nearby .
tr	NN	* * Tristan watched the sergeant from Communications leave the room .
tr	NNS	Their tongues volleyed while Liz kissed him back with a ferocity that rivaled his own heightened desire .
tr	NNS	Then , plunging their lances into the earth , the warriors drew their flashing sabres with a grand flourish .
tr	NNS	All those competing colors whirled about in her head , and sounds of the sea seemed to follow her heartbeat softly , insistently .
tr	NNS	There are several board members in town and they want to meet with me in an hour .
tr	NN	The invisible tether extending her into the sky snapped tight , and instantly she was back inside her body .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the worn , faded denim lovingly hugged Mike 's muscular thighs and tight ass .
tr	NN	According to the confidential source , the surprise witness came forward of his ( or her ) own volition and volunteered to testify at the hearings .
tr	NNS	Communications networks are failing .
tr	NNS	Things are different now .
tr	NN	My maid managed to obtain it from one of the servants in the garden , and she has spoken to him .
tr	NN	The cafeteria looked like the one at school ; it had tables and chairs which led to a counter at the far end .
tr	NNS	The hallways were quiet and empty .
tr	NN	Her pulse was racing .
tr	NN	Clark Bent 's posse closed the gap with each twitchy step .
tr	NNS	Double rows of teeth line the length of its body .
tr	NN	And the lieutenant was right in that regard .
tr	NNS	Achilles managed to mumble out an order to release them .
tr	NN	Indeed , the clarity of reception was unlike any that he 'd experienced over the years .
tr	NNS	But then all businessmen are like that , ruthless and emotionless .
tr	NN	Terror still seized my body .
tr	NNS	The leopard jumped , paws resting on Kane 's shoulders to lick his violet tattoo .
tr	NN	"Part of it may return as the swelling goes down . """
tr	NN	There was no gas to be had .
tr	NNS	""" Those chains are for precaution sake ."
tr	NNS	""" With no tangible tie to your lands , the Yew magic users would have no way to maintain the enchantment over such a long distance . """
tr	NNS	Things were getting tangled again .
tr	NN	""" The term is hacker , and it 's ancient slang ."
tr	NNS	The two wolves approached me cautiously .
tr	NN	""" The Observer Program knows many things and we know that this memory is the crucial part of where the casket is hidden ."
tr	NNS	The trappings made no sense .
tr	NN	The crystal chandelier sparkles above the dance floor .
tr	NNS	The tunnels led to our enemies .
tr	NNS	""" What are my chances realistically ? """
tr	NNS	Such insulation would act like an insurance policy in case there were any sudden variations in temperature .
tr	NN	The occasional tourist passed by , but we might as well have been there on the beach alone .
tr	NN	A fan over the bed spun and moved the air .
tr	NN	Seth was notoriously awful at offering opinions , and he 'd seemed particularly non-committal about this wedding stuff , no pun intended .
tr	NN	The clearing was silent but for the sound of birds .
tr	NN	A blush burned her cheeks .
tr	NNS	There were receipts from a dressmaker 's shop for clothing hastily made to Victor 's exacting specifications .
tr	NN	Or was that the other hottie who died ?
tr	NN	The gang leader touched the end of the pistol to Graham 's nose .
tr	NN	""" This pond was some kind of fancy lake back in the days before Wesley deeded the land to Grandpa Lester . """
tr	NNS	""" No worries , I have a brother too and I am worse than that . """
tr	NNS	After the maid left them , the duchess turned to Alexandra .
tr	NN	Elec went back to his desk and held aloft one of the mechanisms , an expertly crafted intertwining of gears and cogs .
tr	NNS	"The screens all flashed "" EMERGENCY - LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS . """
tr	NNS	Oh sure , there were chandeliers , but they were covered with what looked to be big trash bags .
tr	NN	His accommodation was very close to White Eagle nest and he felt for years strange , disturbing vibrations radiating at night from this sanctuary .
tr	NNS	Overnight , the temperatures had dipped .
tr	NNS	At the unexpected touch , his nostrils flared , his pupils dilated and his heart rate kicked up beneath her palm .
tr	NN	Gregori 's hunger was a living thing , filling him with need .
tr	NNS	There were no other colours but emerald and black .
tr	NN	The paralysis it caused was instant .
tr	NNS	Where crazy fans will pull my hair and threaten me .
tr	NN	' Child , your brave mission does you honor .
tr	NN	Jazz stood and held up two fingers .
tr	NN	If there was ever a time to let loose , this vacation would have to be it .
tr	NN	The grooves in the bark were deep troughs .
tr	NN	My pulse picks up and I put a pleasant smile on my face as I turn to meet a clear green gaze .
tr	NN	The chef 's helper added that , as he was leaving , the intruder began turning on all the gas appliances .
tr	NN	Each dollar was precious and I knew I 'd need money to build a case against Walt and expose the bastard for what he was .
tr	NNS	But the countess had no rest by the dead .
tr	NN	A lean gentleman with kind features stepped forward and offered Rebecca a bow .
tr	NN	""" Here are the problems as I see them , "" Chance said quietly ."
tr	NN	My pulse picked up when I recognized the crest in the seal .
tr	NNS	The hats were beautiful y arranged , displayed not on stands but dangling at the ends of gold chains attached to the arched ceiling far above .
tr	NNS	Slowly , their surroundings came to mind .
tr	NNS	Chartres bowed to her .
tr	NNS	My classmates were more worried about their final papers , upcoming holiday vacations , or just plain tired of thinking hard to put much effort in .
tr	NN	""" Your h * ps are far too generous and shapely to be a boy 's ."
tr	NNS	The shoppers wandered among the merchandise , going about their daily routines .
tr	NN	After much practice this maneuver started to work without any concentrated effort .
tr	NNS	Thoughts were spinning and blending in her confused and terrified mind .
tr	NNS	""" What I didn 't lose on the house , the attorney 's fees are eating up ."
tr	NN	Along with Finnick and Gale , the squad includes five soldiers from 13 .
tr	NN	Part of me is exalting .
tr	NN	The rider was a lean young man with short brown hair and sharp green eyes .
tr	NN	The doorknob turned and I jumped .
tr	NNS	Tiny ripples moved across the surface .
tr	NNS	Tris and I exchange a glance , then stand behind Reggie at the table to see the screen .
tr	NN	""" Don 't look like no wolf I 've ever seen , "" the third hunter noted and his voice turned greedy ."
tr	NNS	The fae 's smooth and graceful movements made it seem as if she floated rather than walked .
tr	NN	The lack of conviction in Jason 's expression as he picked up an orange bulb made Kate snort a laugh .
tr	NN	The smells of perfume and food were overwhelming .
tr	NN	The farther I ventured into the suite , in fact , the bigger I realized it was .
tr	NNS	Things had just taken a massive twisted turn .
tr	NNS	These scraps of lace certainly gave her confidence , something severely lacking in her right at the moment .
tr	NNS	The facts got hazy from there .
tr	NNS	The specialists didn 't seem embarrassed having been unravelled nor did this make them reticent .
tr	NNS	There were two suits on the wall .
tr	NN	"When he nodded , I went on , "" There was milk in the fridge , Sam ."
tr	NNS	But murders and funerals and all that had to be pushed to one side just now .
tr	NNS	His tone softened , his movements became more gentle .
tr	NN	The vote happens in one day , and we need to make certain the right man is made king .
tr	NN	Their goal was to own the city , to rule it via terror and force and control its ample resources .
tr	NNS	"There are quarters here as well for on duty Royal Guardsmen ... as well as a permanent residence for the head of the Royal Guard . """
tr	NN	There was a heavy thud as though something had been dropped and then the conversation stopped for a while .
tr	NN	There was a rustle of movement in the background , the sound of boots traipsing carefully over dried leaves .
tr	NNS	The twins didn 't get to see Mac or his mom often , although they had come to the U.S. to visit a couple of times .
tr	NN	There was a spark of animation in Jace 's voice .
tr	NN	Along one wall a television silently showed the live broadcast of the TV show they were about to appear on from an adjacent studio .
tr	NN	The castle had been in turmoil .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare to catch the sea wind that lifts my hair from my forehead .
tr	NNS	On both sides of the hall openings in the walls allowed the air to circulate but only sluggishly .
tr	NNS	Their tests and X-rays continued into today , which contributed to the newbies ' exhaustion .
tr	NN	As I watched , a dark sedan pulled in behind the other vehicles .
tr	NNS	Shouts punch the air .
tr	NNS	Only the hippest cats in town know about it .
tr	NNS	Looks like a fishing boat .
tr	NN	""" No , his attorney wrote Mom a letter . """
tr	NNS	The kisses moved across the very top of where the bra ended .
tr	NNS	"Beyond the sets of French doors , torches on the beach led down to the water . """
tr	NNS	The front strands of her hair had turned bright white and stood in stark contrast next to the rest of her auburn locks .
tr	NN	Her pitching was not as strong so the coach took her off the mound and played her at shortstop .
tr	NNS	Reyes pressed onward , only throwing one backward glance over his shoulder .
tr	NN	When I picked up his clothes , the cleaner handed me some receipts that had been in his pocket .
tr	NN	The crop was ripe .
tr	NN	A sob caught in my throat as even more tears flooded my face .
tr	NN	The stocky secret service agent again bore Jacy 's luggage for her .
tr	NNS	Things are rather more convenient that way .
tr	NNS	Would his kisses be soft or desperate ?
tr	NN	The momentum momentarily lifted Richard from the floor and sent his upper torso crashing onto the bar .
tr	NN	The pup wasn 't your responsibility .
tr	NNS	"Even if each of us stands in a corner , hoping to get the candle , the chances that we shall miss him are high . """
tr	NNS	The less she planned , the more unpredictable her movements were , increased the difficulty Jackson would experience trying to finding her .
tr	NNS	A few seconds later , the opening bars of an Elliott Smith song blared .
tr	NNS	Your letters always bring me joy , so full of love are they , for I know your heart is with me .
tr	NN	Our teacher was passionate and intense , but he wasn 't unkind .
tr	NNS	The cakes had to cool before I set them inside boxes for transport .
tr	NNS	Words I never thought would come from my lips .
tr	NNS	Television is powerful and the pictures would have left an indelible image for many : hazard , reeds , touch = 2 shot penalty .
tr	NNS	And palm readers don 't read palms , and tarot readers don 't read cards .
tr	NNS	Two different directions ninety degrees apart .
tr	NNS	"Girls and good times , "" said the man as he watched his party move away ."
tr	NNS	Knell smirks then says .
tr	NN	Even the colonel knew there would be no legal recourse in the new world rising from the ashes of the old .
tr	NNS	""" Strange , "" I told Muncie later , "" artists typically have an overabundance of joie de vivre ."
tr	NNS	For years their meetings had been innocent .
tr	NNS	Things were going from bad to worse .
tr	NN	The van had plowed into the rear of another car , parked along the side , and car alarms were going off .
tr	NNS	There were no sirens and no turbulence .
tr	NN	By the time they reached their destination , dawn had dressed the farm in pinks and golds .
tr	NN	""" Ah , sweetheart , if you keep that up we 'll both be disappointed , "" he told her ."
tr	NN	""" A celebration , "" I say , and then kiss him again simply because I have to ."
tr	NN	""" The marina has security ."
tr	NNS	"There are thousands of Americans here , and they stick together like geese . """
tr	NNS	He stepped close to her , reached around her to cup the fullness of her breasts in his palms .
tr	NN	"When 's your birthday ? """
tr	NN	Her mother 's curvy writing welcomed her as she moved closer to it .
tr	NN	The Silver snarled and yanked his broadsword away .
tr	NN	The headstone was clean and simple .
tr	NN	Mr Sugden 's baritone was far more serious .
tr	NNS	""" Grub worms are protein . """
tr	NNS	Things and places changed , but the people didn 't .
tr	NN	The dog promptly dropped to a sitting position , his tail still wagging furiously .
tr	NNS	Dark walnut locks fell over his dazzling blue eyes .
tr	NNS	The gray gorillas were localized near the city , and would not follow them far .
tr	NN	Jack 's praise pushed aside any embarrassment that had started to creep in .
tr	NNS	His footsteps gently crunched in the soft snow as he moved ever closer .
tr	NN	The remnant passed so close to his face that he could smell the dry scent of timber .
tr	NN	When the floor creaked below my feet , dread like I 've never experienced stabbed through me .
tr	NN	Her captain paid his docking fees and left town for the heady pleasures of Galvez Town .
tr	NNS	Their scales shined with a tint of purple that the suns gave them .
tr	NNS	The media covered Cyrus ' death and there was speculation about the transfer of ownership .
tr	NNS	Two doorways were accessible from the roof .
tr	NN	The roar slowly changes to a uniform thrumming .
tr	NN	The flashlight , on the other hand , was a real treasure .
tr	NNS	Why didn 't the wolves realize what was happening ?
tr	NNS	Another warrior winds up an overhead chop , but the boy immediately dashes away .
tr	NN	A bullet had grazed my thigh .
tr	NN	Something wet oozed onto his hand and he snatched it away , the flashlight still clutched in his fingers .
tr	NN	At twenty-three hundred hours last night , there was an anomaly on the footage projected to the ARC screens .
tr	NN	Part of my contract with my client was that I would keep his identity completely secret .
tr	NN	There was injury in her tone .
tr	NN	Her grandmother 's haughty words linger in my mind and the pain in her dad 's eyes haunts me .
tr	NNS	There were no aliens to be seen , and in a frozen and silent world any that approached would be heard long before they would be spotted .
tr	NNS	The footsteps continued moving downhill at a stalking pace : step , pause ... step , pause .
tr	NNS	The yacht was stationary , head to wind , the sails rattling as the wind slipped by .
tr	NNS	Kris scowled at me furiously for that .
tr	NNS	The cards flew out across the vast space like a flock of birds .
tr	NN	While I was finishing up fall semester , the dance studio came together .
tr	NNS	""" So your teachers taught you one thing , and when you came home , your dad taught you another ."
tr	NN	Rawlings ' reputation was anything but spotless .
tr	NNS	The cards kept falling , the juke kept playing , and Dutch kept buzzing .
tr	NNS	The beautiful oranges and blues of the fire make my eyes feast .
tr	NN	The meteorite is a fake ?
tr	NNS	The dwarves managed all the preparations .
tr	NNS	Four floors underground was not a great place to be during seismic events .
tr	NNS	""" My apologies , "" he said ."
tr	NNS	There were no shouts ; no signs of a struggle , just the regular sound of footsteps .
tr	NNS	Both classes were your run-of-the-mill freshman college class .
tr	NNS	The sandals flipped up the desert sand with each clumsy step .
tr	NNS	"Remember what Cox said ? """
tr	NN	All that mattered was getting rid of him before it was too late .
tr	NNS	""" Those strange little symptoms were tolerance withdrawal . """
tr	NNS	al ' Thor said , standing up suddenly .
tr	NNS	Prior to arriving at the meeting , the President and other leaders had been discussing the status of the underground bunker systems .
tr	NN	His relaxed core warmed her and allowed her some measure of confidence as well .
tr	NNS	A few cameras and sensors popped up on the map her implant laid out for her , but none were close enough to worry about .
tr	NNS	His thick blond locks dropped casually over one ice blue eye .
tr	NN	""" Love and dying have been my life . """
tr	NN	A thick crust had already formed sealing the eye shut .
tr	NN	Every picnic had potato salad , and every chef had a different recipe .
tr	NN	But all the concentration brought was a headache and a feeling of wanting to do something , something physical , to let off tension .
tr	NNS	Tall spires reached for the lavender sky dotted with misty clouds .
tr	NN	And Sunny 's email to her brother sure as hell hadn 't gotten through .
tr	NNS	The tiles were gray and the fluorescent lights made my eyes hurt .
tr	NN	In front of her was the main square , where several stores and stalls sold goods to the crowds of eager customers .
tr	NN	"Where is your military bearing ? """
tr	NN	Yes , your ma knew the way all right .
tr	NN	His mother 's cold venom came back to her in a scalding rush of memory .
tr	NNS	One day , the coins just ran out .
tr	NN	""" Your supplier , "" Girardi said ."
tr	NNS	There were several letters , texts and phone calls with Lillian .
tr	NNS	Screams Ella , thumping Rick in the back weakly -- not really having much an effect on him -- he ignores her .
tr	NN	At first Nell 's infatuation had flattered her , and she had used it .
tr	NN	""" We must not fail , "" the pilot emphasized Max wondered what the young man was concerned about ."
tr	NNS	The chances are he 'll be back in his usual spot when I get back there . '
tr	NN	On the east bank , a great scar cut deeply into the jungle -- an almost perfect half-circle of brown .
tr	NNS	His temples were throbbing .
tr	NN	Or maybe the sheen of color was simply the stone reflecting back the pale blue paint that covered the walls .
tr	NNS	There were no credit cards currently registered or in use , no open auto loan , no personal credit lines .
tr	NN	The thin slice of dark chocolate cake was extremely rich , so the berries and ice cream lightened it to just the right taste .
tr	NNS	Growling loudly , I stalked over to my window , opened it , and then turned back to him .
tr	NNS	Waves lapped up against jagged rocks hundreds of feet below .
tr	NN	The clamor seemed to echo the muddled state of my mind .
tr	NNS	She was in her forties , stout , wearing what Manfred characterized vaguely as an office pantsuit .
tr	NN	But hey , if I could figure out city maps , maybe I could handle this .
tr	NNS	Like a downed grasshopper in a disturbed anthill , the zombies converged on him .
tr	NNS	The mattress was a roiling bonfire .
tr	NN	James 's attorney answered for him .
tr	NN	Nausea replaced the hollow feeling in my stomach , and I swayed on my feet .
tr	NN	How can a deity do that ?
tr	NNS	These creatures aren 't worth your time , not any of them .
tr	NNS	Well , believe me , there are mansions and mansions and they can 't all be explored at once .
tr	NN	A luggage cart sped toward the wrecked airplane .
tr	NN	The venue was beautiful , something I would have chosen actually , but it was peanuts in comparison to Cece 's previous nuptials .
tr	NNS	""" Others might share moral responsibility for this tragedy , but the legal responsibility for this crime is yours alone ."
tr	NN	This year , that student is Nan .
tr	NN	The endearment , so pure and sweet , warmed her in places that had been cold for so long .
tr	NNS	The same villains who killed Aaron have tried to kill him .
tr	NN	A crossing was ahead .
tr	NNS	The petals continued to fall around me , tickling my arms as they made their way to the plush ground .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones were sallow and thin .
tr	NNS	Obviously , the directors already knows why I 'm here .
tr	NN	Ethan 's grandmother answered the door with her eyebrows furrowed .
tr	NN	The proof would be in the game .
tr	NNS	""" So the facts were overwhelming , as far as you were concerned ? """
tr	NN	There was a chorus of assent from people around the room and Theo shot me regretful glance .
tr	NN	But that lapse was short-lived .
tr	NN	After Preston explained his previous use of the range , the sergeant seemed quite interested in a conversation .
tr	NNS	And his kisses were making it all better , well , almost all better .
tr	NNS	Lots of technicalities , but they had to understand .
tr	NN	There was the usual queue at the security barriers ; people were filling in forms , being x-rayed and body searched .
tr	NN	The radiation didn 't seem to affect Walker , either .
tr	NNS	Even with the large anonymous donation , ticket sales had only been so-so .
tr	NN	That ranch was our home .
tr	NNS	Besides , her hobbies were none of his business .
tr	NN	The vine was not that strong to hold her up .
tr	NN	The guilt was eating him up .
tr	NN	Love was a human fairy tale .
tr	NNS	"Though getting soldiers to buy me drinks is not much money . """
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's come straight from the office . '
tr	NNS	Things that shouldn 't are stirring again .
tr	NNS	There were a few clients , very few , who were actually looking for love .
tr	NNS	""" The aliens slow down after a saucer is destroyed , but they can still fight ."
tr	NNS	Her appliances disappeared amid a flurry of true metallic music , the triumph of horns and drums that had been nearly forgotten in the distant present .
tr	NNS	Brian 's texts are : Does Bates know ?
tr	NNS	Things like the Pick and Choose and her self-respect .
tr	NNS	The sweet fullness of that word made the memory loss almost unendurable .
tr	NN	And an owl has just landed on my head . '
tr	NNS	"However , our spies have been able to determine where they may make landfall . """
tr	NN	My hunger surges again , but the memory of her bulging eyes and blue lips hold me back .
tr	NNS	His beautiful wooden floors smeared .
tr	NNS	Plans changed after they spotted the police car trailing behind the silver Porsche .
tr	NNS	Looks could be very misleading as she learned long ago .
tr	NN	A beautiful arrangement of yellow roses sat on the dining table .
tr	NN	There had been several disputes fought out in space , rarely did a major dispute reach the soil of any of the populated planets .
tr	NNS	The torches said otherwise .
tr	NN	"Well ... reddish brown . """
tr	NN	The wildly beating pulse at her neck contradicted her words .
tr	NN	This warrior had killed the man chained to me .
tr	NN	Her impractical black silk gown hung off one shoulder , revealing the pale , trembling , heaving skin beneath .
tr	NNS	Angelus only looked angrier .
tr	NNS	The rats , the dancing papers , and the grime , had disappeared .
tr	NN	The priest couldn 't tell whether their captors had expected them to burst from their prison ; he didn 't have time to think about it .
tr	NN	Now the middle-aged bachelor held the fate of the community in his hands .
tr	NN	A single light gleamed , a tiny glowing dot that he identified as Eleanor 's cigarette .
tr	NNS	Reyes paced the floor , his anger building with each step he took .
tr	NN	With Dee , though , my little boyhood brat tends to surface .
tr	NN	In the opposite corner was a contraption that looked like an old-fashioned telescope .
tr	NN	Antonia 's theory didn 't have a mechanism for measuring the extent of evil .
tr	NN	The pattern of Egyptian sarcophagi on silk stared back with eerie voids for eyes .
tr	NNS	Screams pierced inside the chamber from the war torn world outside .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were neutral , giving nothing away .
tr	NN	If the tunnels existed , no slave ever found them , and not for lack of looking .
tr	NN	""" You ' l have to go outside for a bit , but you ' l avoid Mum . """
tr	NNS	As she grabbed it off the counter top , the edges crumpled with her rough handling .
tr	NN	The leopard finally abandoned stealth and burst from the bush .
tr	NNS	His chains were long , giving him at least enough freedom of movement to curl his hands over his stomach , as if in pain .
tr	NN	Fortunately , the policeman was holding her wrists .
tr	NN	The air conditioning was working perfectly , so the heat had to be more of a psychological thing .
tr	NNS	His shots went wild .
tr	NNS	Lots of people don 't understand why I love Marilyn 's movies -- saying that all she ever did was play the dumb blonde .
tr	NNS	""" What are the items in demand these days . """
tr	NN	"Ms. Thomas , our clerk , will be distributing those forms at the front , "" the principal said ."
tr	NNS	Adrien 's chains were less evident , hidden as they were beneath his shirt .
tr	NNS	""" All businessmen , "" Golden said ."
tr	NNS	Red spots were blocking my vision .
tr	NNS	After we control the Americas , two great oceans will protect us along with one hell of a network of Star Wars satellites .
tr	NNS	The red taillights led me through the deserted nursery back to the cabin .
tr	NN	And the oil lamp , though it was treacherously close , made it into a little tent of sorts around her .
tr	NN	A gut instinct told me I really had driven Stanton to take some sort of action .
tr	NN	"Last time I 'd heard , the pot was more than a million bucks . """
tr	NNS	The costumes intrigued Frank , especially the colors .
tr	NNS	Now Dangerous Beans turned to face him .
tr	NNS	Conan halted suddenly , his warriors freezing into basaltic statues .
tr	NN	There 's another shelf next to me holding a mountain of books ; everything covered in a thick layer of dust .
tr	NN	The command was stark , without any mental enhancement , more frightening than if he had forced her compliance .
tr	NN	The schedule confirms it , C14 Government .
tr	NNS	The two globes danced together , separated , merged .
tr	NN	""" No , Yama , there is only the Self ."
tr	NNS	The villagers who kept watch were asleep .
tr	NNS	His footsteps faltered about halfway there when the Boss 's high-pitched voice called his name .
tr	NN	""" But milk is a must for you and the baby . """
tr	NN	""" Who is your master ? """
tr	NN	chapter twenty-seven My brain is in overload .
tr	NNS	The colors were caramel , gold .
tr	NN	Today the mountain range was closer -- cold and unwelcoming , rising straight up into the sky .
tr	NN	"The master bedroom and bedrooms for your brothers and sister when they were kids . """
tr	NN	His shrewd uncle had taught him to think when problems arose .
tr	NNS	Giant plasma television screens smiled and talked to no one .
tr	NNS	Nylon stockings beat limping down the hall .
tr	NNS	Video cameras hummed from multiple locations , but without disturbing the proceedings .
tr	NNS	""" Yep , "" Barry affirmed , "" thousands of year 's worth ."
tr	NNS	The mattress was so soft that she sank down a few inches , and it was wide enough for three people to sleep without noticing each other .
tr	NNS	Some areas still showed the horrors of the last war .
tr	NN	""" The government is useless ."
tr	NNS	Soft snores and skittering mice were the loudest exceptions to the silence .
tr	NN	The footman handed her a linen napkin .
tr	NNS	Drugs and sex are great ways of making new , protective friends .
tr	NN	There was a rustling of sheets .
tr	NN	Lucian 's announcement brought a sudden clamor of speech from the crowd .
tr	NNS	His eyelids quivered , where I saw a brief flash of white , and realized his eyes had rolled up into his head .
tr	NN	The reference to his mother brought a pang of sadness .
tr	NN	His compromise was to remain standing , right in front of me , as a second line of defense .
tr	NN	A chunky , red headed sergeant jumped to his feet beside Ranger .
tr	NNS	Because it was early evening , the sun lovers had headed inside , but there were still large groups of people hanging out by the water .
tr	NNS	The murmurs and whispers of the small crowd faded .
tr	NN	The vampire hunter named Rand .
tr	NN	The GPS icon blinked on and off , on and off .
tr	NNS	The elves took off .
tr	NNS	The actual consequences of Revere 's word games had never really concerned him .
tr	NN	It was an easy routine , our first class of the day , conveniently at eleven in the morning , was History 101 , a basic requirement .
tr	NN	The photo studio was much easier to find than any sign of Gustav .
tr	NN	Bandages covered her head , the gauze darkened here and there by blood soaking through .
tr	NN	""" The vows are next . """
tr	NNS	Where were their priorities ?
tr	NNS	""" Lots of corn grown here for the poultry business ."
tr	NN	That short-lived gratitude at his intervention didn 't stop her from shooting daggers at him as she lifted herself into the truck .
tr	NN	The phantom fingers scuttled up his back again , an unease imparted through their sequence of tapping .
tr	NNS	""" There 's some big changes coming to the CB . """
tr	NN	Over the curve of the horizon is a small mountain , shading whatever 's behind it .
tr	NN	A chorus of complaints arose around him , which he ignored , turning towards Gabriel with a wink .
tr	NNS	The sly creatures had let them pass through , and now their path into town was unobstructed .
tr	NNS	The other band members behaved equally strangely .
tr	NN	""" The mayor is never going to let us live it - "" "" Fuck the mayor ! """
tr	NNS	I edged farther into the darkness of the big den , my paws brushing against the old , stale grass , disturbing nothing more .
tr	NNS	"My name does not make me who I am , my actions do . """
tr	NN	There was a metallic clang as his head struck metal , a sharp pain , and then Barnes landed on top of him , grunting and cursing .
tr	NNS	The room continues to ebb and flow , several spots forming whirlpools as the liquid rapidly drains up through the ceiling .
tr	NNS	The two dozen cookies were at that golden stage and she removed the sheet and placed it on top of a waiting towel .
tr	NN	The receptionist , noticing her strained face , smiled tightly and pointed a perfectly manicured nail towards the waiting area .
tr	NN	""" What a goddamn mess ."
tr	NNS	Those figures were right .
tr	NN	Her honesty made her admit she 'd do it anyway .
tr	NNS	"Barnabas could only scoff , "" Bah , the only thing that this boy will bring us is fortune ."
tr	NNS	The jackets are nowhere to be found .
tr	NNS	The headaches are making it hard for me to concentrate .
tr	NNS	The suns were at high noon , making every spec of sand sparkle .
tr	NN	Complete annoyance settled in his eyes .
tr	NN	In his hand was a perfect chocolate cupcake with a candle on top .
tr	NN	His reasoning made sense , perfect sense , but Della didn 't want to see it that way .
tr	NN	A scowl blackened his face .
tr	NN	""" I don 't mean to be rude , but I think we should head back , "" the grandmother said in a stern tone ."
tr	NNS	""" The seats have not moved and yet it seems the problem is getting worse ."
tr	NN	That option surprisingly makes me sick to my stomach too .
tr	NN	For decades now the authoritarian North Korean regime had refused to change despite overtures from the Chinese , seemingly their one and only ally .
tr	NN	""" I don 't know , "" said the genius , the mighty powerful swamp witch ."
tr	NN	Part of the carpet and one of her chairs had caught on fire .
tr	NNS	Unnecessary lies just added to the burden .
tr	NNS	Like almost everything else about the NPS , the colors had been McPherson 's idea .
tr	NNS	The fears and doubts that I had buried deep to survive in my exile exploded to the surface .
tr	NNS	Chapter 16 Things get much worse We heard the roar of hundreds of snowmobiles long before we could see them .
tr	NN	The audience cheered wildly .
tr	NN	"There 's no ritual . """
tr	NN	"This condition dulls the senses and turns the animals eyes red . """
tr	NNS	There aren 't even any time travelers among us who could use it .
tr	NN	A spark of anger ignited within her .
tr	NNS	""" Your skills at reassurance are terrific , Liam ."
tr	NNS	The sirens grew louder , nearer .
tr	NN	""" You 're making me proud , angel face ."
tr	NNS	The other shifters he had brought dotted the crowd , all in their wolf forms .
tr	NN	A poker through the chest could not have hurt worse .
tr	NNS	New ideas needed a running jump to get into the old rat 's head .
tr	NNS	She didn 't believe he was angry , there was no stiffness about him .
tr	NNS	""" If you can stop giggling , the new teachers are all eager to meet you . """
tr	NNS	"The seats quickly filled up and before Katherine knew it they had formed the "" girlfriends section . """
tr	NN	This splendid specimen was probably gentle , suitable as a boudoir pet : what may not a lizard be , if you know nothing to the contrary ?
tr	NNS	Outside appearances suggested the wealthy man had jetted off for a wild Saturday night at the Bellagio .
tr	NN	The mechanism gave way in a burst of sparks , and the metal door opened with a clang .
tr	NN	Suddenly , a great chorus of screams rose up inside the tunnel .
tr	NN	"His teacher says Anton 's mother normally picks him up , so she 'll explain what 's happened . """
tr	NNS	Romulus growled , staring from the bear 's slit throat to the patches blown out of its coat .
tr	NNS	Words began scrolling up , something about a house fire in Taunton .
tr	NNS	Jake 's eyelids fluttered .
tr	NN	A loud shatter sounded and there was a heavy thump on the floor above .
tr	NN	"The studio is not going to renew your contract . """
tr	NNS	The gunmen would be on top of them in a matter of moments .
tr	NN	""" The pain medicine makes you sleep a lot . """
tr	NN	A caramel wrapper with a tiny blob stuck to the corner .
tr	NNS	At my name , the other two buyers turn to observe me .
tr	NNS	Only the stakes are much higher with Kennedy , aren 't they ?
tr	NNS	Obsidian blades were exceedingly sharp and not allowed to be held by children .
tr	NN	One sentence couldn 't end a marriage .
tr	NN	The pilot of his private jet had said he 'd be landing in an hour .
tr	NN	In all of the other ... crisis 's ?
tr	NNS	Their murmurs over my health and potential attacks on the boat I barely heard as I lost sight of Drac .
tr	NN	""" My lord , a number of my men can confirm this ."
tr	NNS	The bulbs are out , pulsing hot .
tr	NNS	These creatures began as divine beings .
tr	NN	""" What 's your schedule like ?"
tr	NN	Except that his emergency snack never lasted until an emergency .
tr	NN	First , when the water rises , the dock raises with it .
tr	NNS	Many potions call for these things .
tr	NNS	Others who have been freed from their dull humanity with all the skill our chemists have at their disposal .
tr	NNS	Your cookies suck ass .
tr	NN	the commander asked as if the offer was ridiculous .
tr	NN	Will this young and inexperienced elf ever find his true calling ?
tr	NNS	Chills crept up my arm .
tr	NNS	Images flashed into Sarah 's mind .
tr	NN	The tribe considered all animals food for their precious tigers .
tr	NN	""" The DVD entered our quadrant for the second time some six months ago ."
tr	NN	The tremor chipped away .
tr	NN	""" The only possible proof would be a genuine vampire , and that will never happen ."
tr	NNS	Others were unrolling the hose to aim through the door Toby had just exited .
tr	NN	There were sores on his stomach , the coroner said , which was most likely the entry point .
tr	NNS	The members seemed to like me too .
tr	NN	But there was a taint there , like a sheen of oil on an otherwise crystal-clear lake .
tr	NNS	""" The addresses of my wife and Mr. Scrooge 's nephew and a note of introduction ."
tr	NN	' Her sympathy cost her both her child and her life together .
tr	NNS	Things moved , banshees wailed , unfamiliar creatures gathered in the bushes and along the ground .
tr	NN	""" The chasm is death , isn 't it ? """
tr	NNS	But alternate realities are more like a network , like a spider 's web . '
tr	NNS	The murmurs of general discussion that filled the tiers died down and the Mayor began to read from his stack of paper .
tr	NNS	Further shouts and calls came from the belts of fog below .
tr	NNS	The Others controlled all the rivers that could power the generators and all the lakes that supplied fresh drinking water .
tr	NN	The stuffed kitten and bear flew by my ear and landed on the grass in front of me .
tr	NN	"My mommy draws here , and me and Elizabeth dance . """
tr	NN	The only explanation was that she meant to kill him .
tr	NNS	Others have tried this path .
tr	NN	A tremor slid the length of his spine .
tr	NN	Chance reached for his coat .
tr	NNS	Moses left by the same door through which he had entered .
tr	NNS	Leather trousers protected her legs .
tr	NNS	My wrists are sore from straining against the handcuffs .
tr	NN	Link might as well have lobbed a grenade at Ridley , instead of three little words .
tr	NNS	Girls made things worse .
tr	NNS	""" But the emails I got from her said there were caretakers ."
tr	NNS	There were bees around us , gathering nectar from the wild flowers that grew there in profusion .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of danger and harm seemed very far away and the room started to vibrate and hum , almost lulling me to sleep .
tr	NN	The electricity sent shocks through every part of her .
tr	NN	Every adult was beholding at him with awe and he knew it .
tr	NN	But Sean 's libido and instincts were busily overriding the stringent Shifter rules drilled into his head since before he could talk .
tr	NNS	"Even the best blades we import from Frankland cannot do this . """
tr	NNS	Scheduling jazz ensemble rehearsals was even more of a pain .
tr	NN	""" A quick strike as we turned the bend !"
tr	NN	A thin sheen of perspiration moistened her upper lip , and she swiped at it , eager to dispel the image that refused to leave her mind .
tr	NNS	There are no crazy experiments , no dashes of lightning and high , cackling laughs .
tr	NNS	The spikes , five inches in diameter at its thickest point , impaled Brice who was seated in the back with Kathleen and Eva on his left .
tr	NN	A layer of cool moss covered the surface of the tree bark , making for an excellent seat .
tr	NNS	Erebus laughed softly as he petted the pup .
tr	NN	There was something unnatural about the fear they caused .
tr	NN	Only a policeman was with him inside the stationary and , except for the whirring of the expressway , there was an almost uncomfortable silence .
tr	NNS	There are two types of people in our small beach town : the rich and the people who sell things to the rich .
tr	NN	The cottage was alone in the woods .
tr	NN	The leader she would kill slowly , cherishing each agonizing scream as he was carved to ash .
tr	NNS	My footsteps echoed as I went from room to room looking for my dad .
tr	NNS	Reapers have broken the rules , though , and try to drive Grim Angels into insanity or to give into their evil blood .
tr	NNS	The chandeliers dripped with opulence and shimmered over the crowd as they fought their way down the elaborate staircase .
tr	NN	Steely determination shone from Jamie 's eyes .
tr	NNS	And all indications are that we are much closer to that end of the probability scale .
tr	NN	Glock , when he heard about the situation from Ricky , volunteered to act as a guide .
tr	NN	""" Our House has been through hell recently , and the future isn 't looking much brighter ."
tr	NN	The cottage was empty , thank goodness , else we might have had to explain why I was naked and Ry 's clothing was smoldering .
tr	NNS	The ghosts I knew were not particularly happy .
tr	NNS	There were four other passengers .
tr	NN	""" That fellow who started to make a speech will fix it ."
tr	NN	Today or tomorrow , if the doctor 's predictions were correct .
tr	NN	Such fanciful opulence stole her breath away .
tr	NNS	Others were full-out paragraphs , detailing perceived crimes and how their authors longed for redemption .
tr	NN	The two coal black wisdom filled pupils were also youthful and vibrant .
tr	NN	His kitten was a tigress in bed , one who rolled , scratched , and bit with abandoned fervor .
tr	NNS	"The elves can do all those things . """
tr	NNS	The items included rather simple finds , but valuable to him nonetheless .
tr	NN	The biography provided by his lawyer said that they were brown , though the biography mentioned nothing of color blindness .
tr	NN	The valet led her through a little antechamber and nodded at the door .
tr	NNS	The wolves had a harder time on the final stretch than I did .
tr	NN	A tourist does not want to be weighed down by realities , unless the realities are presented as monumental stories .
tr	NNS	In turn , the witnesses spoke .
tr	NNS	Other screens showed more of the milky gas billowing through the Redoubt .
tr	NNS	The authorities never solved the crime .
tr	NNS	Words lodged in her throat .
tr	NNS	Four ladies were chatting outside the school 's office .
tr	NN	The behemoth crowded in on Timmy , forcing him to take a step back .
tr	NN	The empty tank next to hers shifted slightly , and she heard Bastian drop down inside .
tr	NN	The trick , I learn , is not to process any of the information I encounter .
tr	NNS	' Do the authorities in the USA want you for anything ?
tr	NN	""" Your darling son ."
tr	NNS	Sharp talons had raked his upper body leaving deep gashes .
tr	NN	The cough makes the telltale whoop through her chest .
tr	NN	"The dwarf laughed , "" aye and nay , lad , aye and nay !"
tr	NNS	""" The security cameras only show a finely dressed young man entering hanger three with the Asian ."
tr	NNS	The steward with the flower petals began sprinkling them across the expanse of the ivory bathtub .
tr	NN	Speak , my beloved , and I will give thee words .
tr	NN	A small bruise bloomed on his cheek , but I managed to cover most of the damage using my makeup .
tr	NN	Their inability to put up a struggle had robbed us both of our righteous vengeance .
tr	NNS	The trains were always on schedule , and I knew that another train would follow an hour after the next .
tr	NNS	The starched uniforms covered powerful muscles .
tr	NNS	"Things here that shouldn 't be alive , and we 're the food for them . """
tr	NNS	""" No worries , "" said Dan , "" we 'll look after her . """
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Skate swirled around me , the conversation I 'd just had with Ollie fresh in my mind .
tr	NN	Love didn 't last , at least not the romantic kind , and he needed her to stay his friend .
tr	NNS	In the office of the Lady of Titan , serene strings sounded .
tr	NN	his lack of adventure and deep-seated conservatism in this matter weren 't worthy of him .
tr	NNS	Maybe , like the kaleidoscope , the colors just change .
tr	NNS	My eyelids felt heavy with the strangest sort of bliss , yet I refused to close them .
tr	NNS	""" The coaches can 't tell 'em to do that . """
tr	NNS	"And most group leaders do . """
tr	NN	""" Shaw , let 's not be hasty , let 's think this through before we act , "" the captain soothed ."
tr	NN	"Maybe a therapist , but it never stopped the new boys from pushing around the smallest kid . """
tr	NN	The camp leader glanced at the call log .
tr	NNS	Then two loud booms sounded , like a cannon , and people shrieked , scurrying away from the curb .
tr	NNS	Black Jewel chips sparkled with dark fire at the end of each thread .
tr	NNS	""" Your actions have created an untenable position for us . """
tr	NNS	The members of the Assembly were sitting at their desks and facing the rostrum .
tr	NN	Once you became their prey , the hunt did not end until the quarry was dead .
tr	NN	Our defeat there was alarming , to say the least .
tr	NNS	Little bits come back to me and eventually they created a bigger picture helping me to remember it all .
tr	NNS	""" Your expressions do . """
tr	NNS	"The signs favor you on this matter . """
tr	NNS	Things moved quickly as their aid work in the African continent had expanded .
tr	NNS	The letters were English , but the words made no sense .
tr	NN	Moments later , a dull thud drew my gaze to the other side of the room .
tr	NNS	At least her instincts had kept her away from this dangerous boy .
tr	NNS	The images vanished into a swirl of darkness .
tr	NNS	In every passing tree , drops of dew were falling towards the ground , creating a false sense of rain .
tr	NN	For days he remained this way while he healed , his savior never fully revealing himself .
tr	NNS	The next shots were pretty much the same , just with slightly different facial expressions and camera angles .
tr	NNS	My parents ' expressions did little to conceal their shock .
tr	NN	""" His instinct would be to go hide somewhere lonely ."
tr	NN	""" The rope is about eight feet off the ground ."
tr	NN	Every penny of the proceeds from tonight 's auction will go straight to the shelter , and the animals who so desperately need our help .
tr	NNS	Girls like me didn 't get to ride on the back of Tripp 's bike .
tr	NN	The strange warrior said nothing , but gave Percival a wide orangutan grin like he 'd seen in movie comedies .
tr	NN	""" I think I 've lost my way , the mountain should be ... Wait ."
tr	NNS	The footsteps were heading away from us .
tr	NN	The wraith suddenly released a growling yell and squeezed his head again as he doubled over with pain .
tr	NN	The duel elicited cries of shock from the women and an appreciative nod from Joseph .
tr	NN	For a fleeting instant his shield crumbles and his hurt is visible , but it swiftly builds back up and he 's annoyed with me again .
tr	NNS	The digital videos just showed as blocks when they zoomed in any closer .
tr	NN	But the werewolf leapt right over the flames .
tr	NNS	Two stray cats in a corner , behind the door , vied for a slice of salami , between puffs and verses .
tr	NNS	Images flashed through her brain like a movie on fast forward .
tr	NN	Where 's the creativity in that ?
tr	NN	A hotel porter took down a trolley of luggage .
tr	NNS	A few flicks to the touchscreen opened a list of the files .
tr	NNS	His targets just walk into it , one after the other .
tr	NNS	Classes don 't start for another day .
tr	NN	A twinkle caught Kate 's eye , and the corners of her mouth twitched up .
tr	NNS	What were his motives ?
tr	NN	The tail wasn 't the only thing that needed to get washed .
tr	NN	The welfare of the planet demands it .
tr	NNS	Others were of blood-soaked battlefields .
tr	NNS	""" Things won 't be the same without you . """
tr	NN	Trenton 's left dimple sunk in when he grinned .
tr	NN	""" I don 't know , "" said the golem ."
tr	NNS	My grandparents stood next to David in the front .
tr	NNS	One narrow , searing probe into the horse 's mind would finish it .
tr	NN	The stench was in his nostrils , along with the pungent scent of terror .
tr	NN	"There 's a connecting cable from a socket in the wall . """
tr	NNS	But now the studios have all moved to Burbank , San Fernando , Glendale and even farther away .
tr	NN	The reward is real .
tr	NNS	""" Fine "" He shouted pulling on his pants "" Throw it all in my face again ."
tr	NN	The Shifter race was diminishing .
tr	NN	Though he felt generally secure and able to deal with the rough patch , uncertainty felt close at hand .
tr	NNS	Nicodemus toyed with the bowl of his pipe .
tr	NN	The stag showed signs of restlessness when she was a few feet away , so she stopped and slowly took a photo .
tr	NN	There 's the berating I 'd been waiting for .
tr	NN	A tourist gasped in horror .
tr	NN	""" A protein that 's a mirror image of what I engineered ."
tr	NN	A wooden bookcase filled the entire wall at the end of the hall .
tr	NN	""" Mr. Ravel 's footman arrived earlier this morning to deliver these . """
tr	NNS	""" You know , our mothers aren 't really that different . """
tr	NNS	The ladies dispersed and Kate headed toward the bar .
tr	NNS	Banning took a nervous step away from the figure in the bib overalls , who had ceased being his Grandpa and had become instead a lightning rod .
tr	NNS	""" These suits are going to slow us down ."
tr	NN	Their stomping and grunting preceded them from the hall like a mighty earthquake , causing the walls around her to shake .
tr	NNS	The sudden movements I 'd made at the cemetery had reawakened the painful bruises from the night before .
tr	NN	The neighbor remained in place , like a specter that had escaped from her dreams .
tr	NN	""" In the beginning , the tribe settled in this harbor and became skilled ship builders and fishermen ."
tr	NNS	Those spikes and bumps were like that of a bug 's shell .
tr	NNS	"Cadmus verified the claim , "" Yes , I saw him dispatch the horrible villain , myself . """
tr	NN	The arrangement was orderly .
tr	NNS	After reading the instructions , the first containers they encountered would be those by the dais .
tr	NNS	Within days of the last rain the edges of the burrow entrance holes hardened like clay brick .
tr	NN	The click of a cocked gun echoed .
tr	NN	The dragon recoiled , but didn 't really slow or veer off .
tr	NN	His nonchalance drove Amira into a fury .
tr	NNS	The surroundings were of Brompton , but the voice might have come from a Rabbi .
tr	NN	""" The gas master is in full force mode . """
tr	NN	A rumbling growl bubbled in my throat .
tr	NNS	Both his shots went high .
tr	NN	Not a trait Ella adores .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were furious as they threw something at him .
tr	NNS	Had not the wizards joined in the battle , the losses would have been significantly larger .
tr	NN	The gas drifted back , and stung their eyes .
tr	NN	The dry wool smelled of ox , but felt good .
tr	NN	""" Get out , "" an angel told me , flaming sword and all ."
tr	NNS	Things were easy at first .
tr	NNS	The Native Americans often welcomed us , and begged our company when the white men started over running all the lands within sight and beyond .
tr	NN	the cowboy asked as Matthew set the plates on top of the barrel next to Bax .
tr	NNS	Bottles sped away , not even hearing what Stan called out to him .
tr	NNS	The jaws of the unexpected beasts fell upon the snow to reveal an eerie glow from inside their throats .
tr	NNS	The pilgrims celebrated together until the sun faded .
tr	NNS	The fire pools caught the man 's eyes causing a wave of familiarity to hit Bri .
tr	NN	A spark of anger ignited into a slow burning fury .
tr	NNS	Things that defined her .
tr	NNS	Looks like we 're ready to roll .
tr	NNS	Drugs were out of the question - which left only one thing .
tr	NNS	Huge drops of sweat ran down Catfish 's forehead .
tr	NNS	The strange movements he made earlier make sense .
tr	NNS	My classes were going well .
tr	NN	From the left side of the corridor came the click of high heels .
tr	NN	""" Alive and kicking , "" Storm answered ."
tr	NNS	Chapter Three The little blue mini pulled onto the shoulder of the road as soon as Randy flipped on his red lights .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were half man .
tr	NN	In their excitement the trio had started walking back toward their own cottage as they planned .
tr	NNS	As though on cue , two servants entered .
tr	NNS	Reyes described the Hunters he had seen at the club , then described the women .
tr	NN	She 'd sort of idealized Johnny , because he did sometimes do her a kind deed .
tr	NN	"She ' l come back to you , and she ' l listen to you , once she gets a chance to cool down . """
tr	NNS	The figures were large .
tr	NNS	"Once Dr. Zimmerman gets it in his head to start drugging you , your abilities will become dormant . """
tr	NNS	""" Only tests such as dental records would prove this one way or another ."
tr	NNS	Her motherly instincts don 't let me down .
tr	NNS	Our efforts were futile , which is why I turned to you .
tr	NNS	The villagers seemed to be shuffling around in a collective melancholy as they tried to recover for the harrowing events of the night before .
tr	NN	The dragon picked the child up in his claw and lifted her so that she rested by his neck , his talons holding her gently .
tr	NN	Then lightning lit the sky as a mighty wind roared in from the sea .
tr	NN	Suddenly a roar cut through the silence and Claire felt goosebumps rise on her arms beneath her jacket .
tr	NNS	Screams of approval chanted from a range of locations within the club .
tr	NNS	"The footsteps go up to it and come back . """
tr	NN	The condition of the body was a far cry from what I 'd seen just a day earlier .
tr	NN	The ward on the door dissolved , and Jaden glided past him into the house .
tr	NN	""" Just between you and me , galactic transport isn 't as reliable as you might think it is ."
tr	NN	"Oldest trick in the book , "" Tori said ."
tr	NNS	The other goats never seemed as bold as Adda .
tr	NN	""" No condom , "" I say ."
tr	NNS	""" If we could destroy the map , our ancestors would have done so long ago . """
tr	NNS	So many regions have fallen into disarray since the fall of the last king .
tr	NN	After all this time , could an autopsy establish Teenie 's pregnancy ?
tr	NNS	The zombies , only a foot in front of him , toppled to the ground , sliced into tuna container sized pieces .
tr	NNS	""" These contacts are special ."
tr	NNS	Our shares were tanking .
tr	NN	The teacher , considering that she was in charge and was , therefore , the person addressed by the visitor , felt she had to say something .
tr	NNS	""" The Others will leave wallets , keys , and other belongings at the cairn so we know that person isn 't coming back ."
tr	NN	The wing on that side arose from his back and spread forward , as if tied to the motion of his arm .
tr	NN	Whichever option came first .
tr	NN	""" I 'm , um , sorry , "" the dark-haired fellow began ."
tr	NNS	"Others , like me , change to human form if they leave . """
tr	NN	She found him on the back porch , his flashlight pointed at the fuse box .
tr	NNS	The ladies were looking upon him with fawning expressions .
tr	NN	""" The spine isn 't even broken . """
tr	NNS	Alexis stared at the note and smiled .
tr	NN	There is a method to having your voice heard .
tr	NN	Our plump predicament comes from the way we think .
tr	NNS	"Lots of people are dating Pierce . """
tr	NNS	The strands of power thickened , turning into resonant ribbons of energy .
tr	NN	Not a dragon sixteen either , but a healthy sixteen-year-old girl who likes a boy .
tr	NNS	My worries begin to slip away as I lift my head to look at her .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare , but before I can say anything else , a little voice enquires behind him .
tr	NNS	Romulus darted back to the ruins of his grandmother 's house and returned a minute later burdened with their supply packs .
tr	NNS	The Nevada visitors weren 't acting any better than , say , small-town firemen attending a convention in New Orleans .
tr	NNS	""" The possibilities and situations one can come up for the use of these gems are infinite and never ending ."
tr	NN	Okay , so maybe her revenge was a tad childish , but Rush deserved everything he got - in triplicate .
tr	NN	For the first time a commander from the north had joined them .
tr	NN	The flashlight she held illuminated the room in sections .
tr	NN	There was such conviction in his voice .
tr	NN	A low growl that sounded almost like a purr rumbled in his throat as she knelt beside him .
tr	NNS	Memories blurred into each other until they became a composite of seasons and scents , their origins obscured .
tr	NNS	The dragon towered over the hunters , its jaws could easily snap any of them up .
tr	NNS	So what are your chances of moving up the list ?
tr	NN	The next clearing they passed was full of upright dominoes , each bigger than a mattress , white with black markings .
tr	NNS	Gradually , couples and small groups began to fill the tables .
tr	NN	The dragon glided and flipped in the air , avoiding each falling wreckage .
tr	NNS	The tests at the hospital all came back normal .
tr	NNS	A few master technicians taught the rest of the workers how to do the simpler repairs .
tr	NNS	There are tiny gaps through the coarsely woven materials , giving us mini peep holes to look out of .
tr	NN	Overhead , lightning forked in readiness .
tr	NN	But instinct was telling her that if she tipped her head back farther , Chandler would gladly accept the unspoken invitation .
tr	NNS	Dark tunnels stretch out toward mysterious places , and black and white tiles make bland patterns on dirty walls .
tr	NNS	"Things like surgical pins and pacemakers . """
tr	NNS	When two or more were attacking you , your chances weren 't so good .
tr	NNS	But chest shots didn 't make sense .
tr	NNS	Her in-laws were reliable .
tr	NNS	""" The flags were still flying four days later , as I was taken away in the back of an SS truck ."
tr	NNS	There was a fierceness in his kiss , a desperation ... and I answered , just as hungry for him .
tr	NN	""" The priest is back ? """
tr	NNS	The two stunning visitors were grade three heroes , and were more than capable of unleashing the kung-fu skills that came with the award .
tr	NNS	At that moment a warm wetness spread out from the bundle that Silas still had hidden under his cloak .
tr	NN	""" Even sour wine is better than none , "" said Kyle the Cat ."
tr	NNS	And chances were that if I took the coin , the demon that came with it might coerce or corrupt me into the same thing .
tr	NN	"Some London lord hurt you like he 's hurting her ? """
tr	NN	Chance , Nikki 's boyfriend , said that there was no doubt in him getting rid of me .
tr	NN	The software was actually older than he thought it would be .
tr	NN	The commander of the Hunters greeted him with an impatient look .
tr	NNS	Skulls slowly led the team behind a large chunk of rubble , in the back of the ruined structure .
tr	NNS	There were hits with most of the names -- twenty-seven in total .
tr	NNS	""" Honey , "" Mortimer said on a sigh , "" the chances of Alex 's being a possible life mate for an immortal are pretty slim ."
tr	NNS	Things are really heating up on this story .
tr	NN	With an infuriated scream , the redhead slammed into him and tried to pull Ryder away from Sabine .
tr	NN	The clothing was classic golden age of Hollywood , and far too pricey for simple costume wear .
tr	NNS	"If they are silent out of fear then perhaps their servants would be willing to talk . """
tr	NN	Its tail wags twice , as if it knows what I 'm saying .
tr	NN	The new teacher was Wanda Uchida .
tr	NNS	The four Amazon warriors stood quietly , still at attention , guarding my empty husband .
tr	NNS	Soldiers moved about , shifted position into their formal units .
tr	NNS	There were no large gangs of teenage hoodlums roaming these malls after school , either , only large clicks of teenage girls .
tr	NNS	There were no openings in the door or near it ; Silvio had to drill a hole in the bottom of the door .
tr	NNS	Slowly his caresses grew more purposeful , and Evie melted against him .
tr	NN	A difficult entry point .
tr	NNS	There were three cases sitting there .
tr	NN	A low growl came from the back of his throat as I parted my lips and he slipped his tongue inside .
tr	NN	Besides , every other paranormal investigator out there is a doctor or a reverend or something .
tr	NNS	A few drops spattered into Haworth .
tr	NNS	The nurses bandaged the side of my head and cleaned the numerous wounds .
tr	NN	The fellow wasn 't giving me much time to think about this offer , and he 'd given me even less information to decide what to do .
tr	NNS	These werewolves are just strays who broke off from their pack .
tr	NNS	There were pills and envelopes in each .
tr	NN	The bullet caught him in his shoulder , spinning him as he began his fall from the cliff 's edge to the raging river below .
tr	NNS	Things feel normal for a second .
tr	NNS	The drinks arrived , the waitress giving him the once over twice .
tr	NNS	""" The child 's genetic pairs are asymmetrical ."
tr	NNS	""" Uh ... "" A few lies passed through my head but none of the preparing that Harry and I had done had prepared us for this ."
tr	NN	His low chuckle rumbles through me .
tr	NNS	Soldiers on foot were capable of covering twenty miles a day when pressed ; cavalry almost twice that distance .
tr	NNS	No patrols or watches marched their rounds .
tr	NNS	Things started out innocently enough .
tr	NN	Darnell 's scowl deepened as he rubbed thoughtfully at his chin and focused on Bishop and Lloyd .
tr	NNS	Even if these Feeders do garner enough information to get the ship moving again , chances are that they won 't see the planet in their lifetimes .
tr	NN	Even in her paint it black world , honesty of this sort gave her pause .
tr	NNS	Filtering through his ranting there were many gems of knowledge .
tr	NN	More than that , the rope had loosened on account of Kim 's hard work .
tr	NNS	""" Any changes in the timeline can result in disaster ."
tr	NNS	Bulk e-mail programs blanketed on-line news wires .
tr	NNS	Her footsteps came closer and her face appeared around the side of the wall .
tr	NNS	Not to mention , werewolves are immortal and they don 't consume anything mortal or anything different than mortals do .
tr	NNS	Waves of shock washed through me and a frantic giggle was trying to burst out of my mouth .
tr	NNS	Looks like a single shot tore through most of the docking level and into the core .
tr	NN	Love raised an eyebrow but said nothing .
tr	NNS	White spots danced in front of her eyes .
tr	NNS	Her instincts were screaming at her .
tr	NN	A metallic badge glistened proudly on his pocket .
tr	NNS	Images of students slurred around us , but we were the only ones that mattered .
tr	NNS	"The species is extinct . """
tr	NNS	At least the puppets got some action tonight .
tr	NNS	But that 's probably one of the reasons the other factions don 't take our opinions or decisions seriously .
tr	NNS	Screams sounded just outside the closed door , and shadows twisted and writhed on the other side of the wide slats .
tr	NNS	A few stray passengers milled around the station porch .
tr	NN	The moon 's reflection had moved to the pond 's far edge and quivered there as if it were afraid of them .
tr	NNS	The edges of my vision darkened .
tr	NN	The leader of the work crew seemed to be a fairly advanced design -- a large , robust machine that must have worked construction in earlier days .
tr	NN	"An announcement comes through the speakers from above the door , "" Please turn on your televisions for the mourning announcements . """
tr	NN	""" Ok , "" said Charlotte curiously , though neither Ron nor Jean answered me ."
tr	NNS	"The chances of them having anyone in the area are slim but try anyway . """
tr	NNS	The train seats were surprisingly comfortable , and I let the worn leather wrap around me as the locomotive rocked .
tr	NN	More applause than had greeted any of their other songs .
tr	NNS	My eyelids fluttered open , and I shifted to my side .
tr	NN	the werewolf said smiling .
tr	NNS	Elaborate sculptures above the door portrayed events from the life of Mary .
tr	NN	""" ll never leave you behind ."
tr	NN	Love and freedom were luxuries that Ava hadn 't experienced in a long time .
tr	NNS	The signs were fresh enough that she knew Tyler must have been scouting the estate while Lucian was at the hospital with her .
tr	NN	His strong sexuality was reaching her in waves , determined on drawing her to him .
tr	NN	The knight rested in partial shade while they stood alert in the sun .
tr	NNS	Those two instincts went to battle against each other as the great vicious she-wolf charged toward him .
tr	NNS	The ideas were hers .
tr	NN	But the ritual called for them all to play their roles .
tr	NN	The rustling increased , and they heard an odd sighing sound , a sort of wheeze .
tr	NNS	Whatever chain of events I 'd triggered , my actions from here on out would only delay the end .
tr	NNS	""" The duchess is already with them , Your Grace ."
tr	NN	Love strolled over to the door that led to Mr Sullivan 's office knocked once and took a step inside .
tr	NN	The calf parted from the knee , and I threw it across the room .
tr	NN	The lamp came tumbling over the side and I caught it before it hit the ground and made a loud noise .
tr	NNS	There were no tight spaces to crawl into , no fences to climb .
tr	NNS	Nobody trusts werewolves , and they 're all doing business with one .
tr	NN	The faint swish of water in the distance distracts me from my trail .
tr	NN	The dark stairwell with its many steps was another reason why he wasn 't comfortable with Nikki staying on here after Janine was gone .
tr	NN	The oracle tutored me .
tr	NNS	A person 's oaths must follow their order of importance .
tr	NN	Only an idiot would believe that life was supposed to be fair .
tr	NN	The new Mahayana concept of the Buddha paved the way for concepts such as divine grace and ongoing revelation that are nowhere to be found in Theravada .
tr	NN	The rider came forward .
tr	NNS	The authorities didn 't want anyone to get out .
tr	NNS	""" Those aliens attacked us , and earth was destroyed because of what they did ."
tr	NNS	And their minds were no longer entirely their minds .
tr	NN	""" Your flattery knows no bounds ."
tr	NNS	There are security cameras watching everything .
tr	NNS	The smoking racks were easy to build .
tr	NN	The lamp became completely redundant as bright lights began to shine , snapping on one by one in a circle around the huge cavern .
tr	NNS	Sweat drops pooled on her forehead .
tr	NNS	' The possibilities are breathtaking !
tr	NNS	Nerves dry up and stop working .
tr	NN	All that proved that his father had been , or was , a snake goblin .
tr	NNS	The creatures gulped and the littler one reached for a valve .
tr	NNS	Aurelius pulled me against him and hugged me close .
tr	NNS	There were even CDs by the singer Tom Jones , with photos of Tommy taped across the covers !
tr	NNS	Sirens wailed in the distance .
tr	NN	There was no formality to his question .
tr	NNS	Where were the glorious warriors of song and legend who had successfully defeated entire British armies almost single-handedly ?
tr	NN	The square and paper both glowed with a mysterious green light as the wall split down the middle and opened up .
tr	NN	The real Jessica , the one he 'd known and loved , the true essence of who she 'd been , had departed three years ago .
tr	NN	""" When you put it that way , a death sentence doesn 't look too extreme ."
tr	NN	Sarah 's belly felt like it was full to bursting .
tr	NNS	The Jets flew high over the water , staying well away from the bridge .
tr	NNS	An L-shaped glossy white worktop runs along the left wall then curves to the right , extending as a breakfast counter .
tr	NN	The dragon was circling back , flying low , and as he came the moon rose above the eastern shore and silvered his great wings .
tr	NN	And the reservoir tip was completely empty .
tr	NN	""" Their progress , "" she replied ."
tr	NN	Then found the condom buried in there .
tr	NNS	"Lots of hiking , fishing -- all that good stuff . """
tr	NN	The complicating factor was Kurt Vetter .
tr	NN	The only difficulty had been staying away from the forest .
tr	NNS	Then six months ago the letters stopped .
tr	NNS	There were simply too many wolves at his door for him to leave it open .
tr	NNS	Sometimes relatives can 't spare a nickel or two or even a loaf and carton of eggs .
tr	NNS	The man 's footsteps moved methodically through the dilapidated old shack , searching , slowly , room by room .
tr	NN	""" The religious leader wrote that it is a symbol of our sins passing through our body ."
tr	NNS	Nerves began dancing in my belly .
tr	NN	' It gets better , boy , ' the sergeant said , leaning back in his chair and taking a long drink from his beer tankard .
tr	NN	The best defense is a good offense she would say .
tr	NN	How quickly can guilt grow into rebellion .
tr	NNS	When clan wars do occur , leadership changes , as it does with werewolves : Whoever kills the head of a vampire clan becomes its leader .
tr	NNS	The locations seemed to be near dense jungle , where water was relatively scarce .
tr	NN	""" My pa wouldn 't be too happy with that , now would he ? """
tr	NN	Some infection is starting to take place .
tr	NNS	Dogs , I thought , had it right when they hung their heads out of car windows .
tr	NNS	Considering the fact that most parents or caregivers spent two hours searching before notifying police , authorities typically didn 't have much chance of saving the child .
tr	NN	"Don 't beat yourself up , "" the sheriff said ."
tr	NNS	Others wandered into the living room , their eyes locked onto the screen .
tr	NNS	The arrangements will be very quiet , so don 't hint to anyone .
tr	NNS	Reyes followed Angelica 's directions , moving faster now .
tr	NN	My clothing is snug , and , at times , I instinctively touch my abdomen as if to comfort my unborn child .
tr	NN	And all I made out was a dark shadow race past my eyes .
tr	NN	The division between two units -- between the mobile android and Main Terminus Center -- is similar .
tr	NN	My lack of an answer to the very first question disclosed my secret .
tr	NN	The lust was as real as it was powerful .
tr	NNS	The targets followed him .
tr	NN	There 's no pretending Echo is free now .
tr	NNS	Wings had sprung from his back and he 'd flown her through Budapest .
tr	NN	There was no tail and it was not moving as I would expect .
tr	NN	The institution was interesting , and he liked to study the general notion of fidelity from afar .
tr	NN	She started to raise her hand to her lips , belatedly realized Colin caught the movement and then abruptly stopped herself .
tr	NN	His approval meant a great deal .
tr	NNS	The murmurs of conversation slowed .
tr	NN	Another roar burst from his lips , and he tossed it to the domed ceiling .
tr	NN	In spite of herself , and everything else , the tiniest seed of sympathy for the devil sprouted within her .
tr	NNS	' What are a few measly thousands to you when you 're feathering your nest with Max Hart 's billions ?
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't know why Aeron had tattooed himself with colorful depictions of things he probably wished he 'd never done : killing , mutilating , destroying .
tr	NNS	His grandparents stepped out of the limo he 'd sent them , followed by three of his aunts .
tr	NN	The roar of my blood pounding in my ears was deafening .
tr	NNS	University restrictions were the least of my worries .
tr	NN	""" Well , "" Chance muttered ."
tr	NN	His stench was horrific .
tr	NNS	She never once summoned the blue fire while she worked , yet to Brice , her paintings seemed birthed of magic none-the-less .
tr	NNS	My wrists twitch , making the straps pull tighter .
tr	NNS	Move onward , brave souls , your journeys are almost over .
tr	NNS	Reflective granite tiles of black and gold flecks created a pocket area for bathing , and eventually I planned on having walls added for privacy .
tr	NN	The government is about to pass a law banning stories about suicide from the news networks .
tr	NNS	As the roaster crows the sister 's wake up to the smell of breakfast their mothers have been busy baking .
tr	NNS	Hands boasted red cups and bottles , too loud voices and too loud music thumping against Aly 's little car as we slowly passed by .
tr	NNS	There were no ports in this cell , no chrono .
tr	NNS	When he came back , there were several nurses with him .
tr	NNS	Families couldn 't stay put and then the town folk wouldn 't want those immigrant children in their schools .
tr	NN	A stab of worry flashed through the blanket of calm .
tr	NNS	"Only , the tests had been inconclusive , and we were taking the "" wait and see "" approach ."
tr	NNS	Rufus was unethical and ran with some pretty unsavory people .
tr	NN	"Unless there 's a new chef in the kitchen , perhaps ? """
tr	NNS	Things went smoothly after that .
tr	NN	"No offense , "" I add , glancing at Starbucks ."
tr	NNS	On the floor beside the mattress are a spoon and a needle , but I don 't go for them .
tr	NNS	Reyes held her gaze for a long moment , and the chain at her neck vibrated with a new emotion , something she had trouble identifying .
tr	NN	""" My uncle , "" he said ."
tr	NN	A trickle of hope began to move through him .
tr	NN	There was a crash as she jerked upright at the sound of his voice , and hit her head on the shelf above .
tr	NNS	The images he remembered came into view in the daylight .
tr	NNS	His servants stopped and bowed to him as he passed by .
tr	NN	The coroner is going with accidental drowning , probably due to a suicidal leap off the bridge .
tr	NN	""" Yesterday the racquet slipped out of your hand once , Scott ."
tr	NN	The female buck had returned every day since to visit with them .
tr	NN	The scenario seemed illogical , but perhaps that was the man 's game .
tr	NNS	Gramps says she 's been practicing late or something .
tr	NN	Before him a staircase led up ten feet then split only to join again at a landing above .
tr	NN	His grandmother simply shrugged .
tr	NNS	Orders to cover up whatever happened to Ben made the whole thing real .
tr	NNS	Things were a little different on Lea 's corner .
tr	NN	He actually enjoyed the condition , had cultivated the persona .
tr	NNS	Tiny 's aviator goggles glowed with a purple sheen .
tr	NNS	And my shyness keeps me from opening up too much about it .
tr	NNS	Security cameras show that she never left the house .
tr	NNS	But with Gaston in their midst ... Ahead of her , the countess opened the French door .
tr	NN	' Prophet 's in some of the comics already . '
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared as his eyes darkened and flashed something red in them .
tr	NNS	""" Where are the paintings now ? """
tr	NN	Therefore , an insecure proprietor .
tr	NNS	After the shock had sunk in , the cousins sat down to lunch .
tr	NN	An owl fluttered its wings while it watched for a meal .
tr	NNS	6 Ryan 's preparations for school that morning were even more sluggish than normal .
tr	NN	The bullet would have bored right through my heart if I hadn 't been using my magic to protect myself .
tr	NNS	""" The servants told me he returned home this morning ."
tr	NN	My master would 've been able to find another way , but so much of what he knew was lost .
tr	NN	Now the break-in came back again .
tr	NN	His token stayed around her neck as he stared at her .
tr	NN	Not yet , but the lounge filled up rapidly , with another flight leaving after their plane , from the same terminal .
tr	NNS	Thoughts wouldn 't come .
tr	NNS	More than a few areas felt tight , so I spent extra time on them , enjoying the sensation of her gradually melting beneath me .
tr	NN	His briefcase was on his desk ready , and his jacket was lying on top of it .
tr	NN	Before he could bend down to help her , the intruder stepped out of the shadows .
tr	NNS	Werewolves were terrible gossips , especially about their own .
tr	NNS	Moses could not speak for a moment .
tr	NNS	All the fairies and bogeymen , all those stories from the blood and bone of humanity , were not really real .
tr	NN	""" Your grandmother wanted you and loved you . """
tr	NNS	The possibilities were endless .
tr	NNS	Images , like I told you before .
tr	NN	"Tread carefully , your reputation is on the line . """
tr	NNS	The three Dragons exchanged horrified looks .
tr	NNS	""" The signs are clear , your Grace ."
tr	NN	A cipher lock on the fence , another into the hangar , then a third lock would lead them out onto the flight line .
tr	NN	Silver -- no longer floating -- walked over and offered his hand .
tr	NN	The neighbor looked at him seriously and disappeared into his apartment .
tr	NN	The deputy followed quickly with the mother before she had a chance to scream .
tr	NN	"And if Brian can say you can 't take calls from anyone , this nut will have no reason to think he 's being singled out . """
tr	NNS	When I sat back up , two pairs of red bloodshot eyes stared at me through the window .
tr	NNS	Abbot 's nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	"Werewolves can 't swim . """
tr	NN	The energy sector was flush with cash .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to leave before anyone could leave me .
tr	NNS	To my right were several rows of seats in a blue and white checkerboard pattern .
tr	NN	The intricate , coiling script was nothing man or woman could ever hope to decipher .
tr	NNS	""" The other Jets look to you for leadership ."
tr	NNS	Romulus whipped the torch around toward the entrance .
tr	NNS	Some faint shouts drifted down to the cafe .
tr	NNS	Screams go off like a demonic choir from every direction , and I can 't help but think of what might be happening out there .
tr	NN	Her Islander accent was perfect , her phrasing perfect .
tr	NNS	Other areas were delighted as well .
tr	NNS	Five elves sat at the table .
tr	NN	Dirk 's partner shoved him to start moving .
tr	NNS	Replacing bulbs was one of those little things Jonas was good at doing .
tr	NNS	Too many legends surrounded the creatures .
tr	NNS	Its carved runes began to burn with golden radiance and the tip of the rod suddenly gleamed with red light and wavered with hot-air shimmer .
tr	NN	"Did that decline as you got older ? """
tr	NN	The rustling continued to grow louder .
tr	NN	Link , who couldn 't add two-digit numbers , always sensed when my uncle and I were about to start fighting .
tr	NNS	Magic users filed in next .
tr	NNS	His other team members had loaded up the stranded climbers .
tr	NN	The first thing Conrad did when he greeted me was look at my hands .
tr	NNS	My two siblings are too young to understand what I can 't grasp myself , and no way would I tell dear old mom anything .
tr	NNS	Samuel 's instincts kicked in and he went to the stranger .
tr	NNS	The bedraggled figures had started making their way down and were heading in Sally 's direction .
tr	NN	The disinfectant they used at the studio didn 't bother her at all , nor did the sight of blood oozing from a fresh tattoo .
tr	NNS	As did the blue silk butterflies adorning the hair of the bridesmaids .
tr	NN	This weekend vacation was heading in a completely new direction .
tr	NN	""" And the reverend turned on him ? """
tr	NN	"For through you redemption will come ! """
tr	NN	"There was a slight hesitation , then he said , "" Sorry , Mike ."
tr	NN	A spark of mischief glowed in Dan 's heart , feeble as he was .
tr	NN	""" An injury won 't stop him from babysitting me for you . """
tr	NNS	""" No , "" al ' Thor snapped ."
tr	NN	Your military ID was in there .
tr	NN	Still , the determination in his eyes told me that he meant everything he had said .
tr	NNS	Words from my mother 's letter rushed back to me .
tr	NNS	The three siblings in front of her burst out laughing .
tr	NN	Link fired two shots in quick succession and the zombie sank to the floor without a sound .
tr	NN	A cough from the cabin indicated their passenger was waking up .
tr	NNS	""" So many ladies are ordering new dresses ... My seamstresses are already quite overwhelmed . """
tr	NN	""" The pendant rejected the venom ."
tr	NN	A huge orange moth fluttered by my head , alighting at the top of the post , and I waved a hand to shoo it away .
tr	NN	""" His office is on the first floor , "" the receptionist volunteered , clearly eager to see her visitors gone ."
tr	NN	"Nevertheless , Percival 's Trial has begun ! """
tr	NNS	The media was giving them the sympathy , showing outrage for the suffering they 'd been through at Genesis .
tr	NNS	My instincts told me that he knew something he wasn 't revealing .
tr	NNS	His actions were gentle , but his voice was stern .
tr	NNS	Rags accepted them , but he wouldn 't move from his spot on the porch .
tr	NNS	Bugs had taken notice of Timmy 's preoccupation .
tr	NN	"His birth seems to have mellowed her a bit . """
tr	NNS	Lights in his eyes , dimming .
tr	NN	A dimple peeked at the corner of his mouth as he smiled and the part of her that controlled reason and logic swooned .
tr	NNS	Torr 's nostrils flared in anger and his voice whipped out like a lash .
tr	NN	There 's a mob of early birds going up today for a dinner at the pub . '
tr	NNS	The limits of their bodies became unclear as she found herself rushing closer to her climax .
tr	NN	The slave held up a second spear and flung it at Tavi .
tr	NN	An assuring nod later , Link squeezes her shoulder assuredly before backing away and climbing back onto Epona 's saddle .
tr	NN	Light applause filled the room as she sat down , obviously quite abashed by the extra attention this brought her way .
tr	NNS	His eyelids drifted closed .
tr	NN	""" Throw her on the bed , "" ordered the leader as he followed in the larger man carrying the girl ."
tr	NN	By the time he 'd gone off to college the rebel pattern had become a habit .
tr	NN	And page 23 was missing from a memory book that was most probably Anna 's .
tr	NN	A velvet rope blocked the entrance .
tr	NN	The sharp tap came again , and more annoyance filled me .
tr	NN	In the small inn next to the town green the local blacksmith and ferryman huddled in a far corner as they enjoyed a pint of ale .
tr	NNS	Words just get us into trouble .
tr	NNS	""" Well , your abilities came from somewhere ."
tr	NN	A lucid dream in livid color , but it was just a dream nonetheless .
tr	NNS	Those villages were full of civilians as well .
tr	NN	Your lack of fear is what enables you to have such a disregard for your safety .
tr	NNS	Marius sniffed loudly and wiped his nose .
tr	NNS	But the other members in the unit had some blame to share as well .
tr	NN	The thunderous chorus rang out in consistent , perfect time , the lifeblood of the dark , empty tower of Triumph .
tr	NN	Well , werewolf would be a better description .
tr	NNS	The fairies are already mutating , and we all know what happens when they do .
tr	NN	At the far end of the room was an enormous viewing terminal that dominated the entire wall .
tr	NNS	Words wrenched from her by the strength of her release .
tr	NNS	""" Things are getting serious ."
tr	NN	""" My mother-in-law 's a little - "" She twirled one finger around her ear in the universal hand signal for nuts ."
tr	NN	"The captain gripped the other man 's arm , "" We 'll just have to do our best to see that nothing does . """
tr	NN	The gardening fanatic would never want to leave a world filled with flowers in such vibrant colors .
tr	NNS	"In return , our ancestors vowed to care for the trees and guard them against those who would destroy them . """
tr	NN	During this course , a bard came into the centre of the Hall and began to pluck his instrument .
tr	NN	Now snow-white porcelain and lines of shining light conceal the spot where my eye used to be .
tr	NNS	""" Things didn 't turn out well , My Chief ."
tr	NN	""" But the risk factor doesn 't mean you 're gon na get anything . """
tr	NN	"Had you stayed , his suffering would have been far more . """
tr	NN	A resilient blonde danced on the stage while the other girls mingled in the crowd and Todd talked .
tr	NN	A tremor shook the home with such a violence that there wasn 't a last man standing .
tr	NN	A single sharpened pencil sat to the right of her mouse .
tr	NNS	After all , theater tickets , deeds , programs , and the like do not prove the existence of bloodsucking immortals .
tr	NNS	His father 's spies were everywhere , looking for his betraying son .
tr	NN	A liar always gave away tells , if you knew where to look .
tr	NN	Too many crash landings by those of lesser skill , and they learned better .
tr	NN	This shaky pen is my esophagus .
tr	NN	A revolution won 't take months or weeks .
tr	NNS	With her parents ' positions at MIT and most especially working on special projects financed by the military , the normal worries of life were somewhat alleviated .
tr	NNS	Things had been so awkward between them over the past two weeks .
tr	NNS	"Flowers have power . """
tr	NNS	Our fathers are both in the parliamentary cabinet of the prime minister .
tr	NNS	The suits will buffer our fall .
tr	NNS	The defenders had sworn to take their own lives rather than be captured .
tr	NNS	The overturned mattress slumped against the small nightstand .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails were blood soaked from trying to claw her way out of the coffin .
tr	NNS	Things are getting hot around here .
tr	NNS	""" Things get to be clichés because they 're true , don 't you know that ? """
tr	NNS	But the fireworks were over .
tr	NN	The hunger she saw , before his lids hid his eyes , sparked an answering hunger deep inside her .
tr	NN	"Now if you will excuse me , my lord , I shall make my egress through the garden , before anything else untoward occurs . """
tr	NNS	Electric motors began turning .
tr	NN	My mother 's blue silk evening gown and Richard 's tuxedo looked ridiculously out of place in the sterile hospital setting .
tr	NN	Suddenly the dragon let loose a shrieking cry .
tr	NN	The priest willed himself to forget the unforgivable .
tr	NN	The trick was lifting myself high enough that the rough tops of the boards didn 't scrape my thighs .
tr	NN	The method employed the technology known as memes as its primary force .
tr	NNS	The authorities added nothing new to the case .
tr	NNS	Sirens filled the air , and the operative moved quickly toward her car , ready to grab her camera .
tr	NNS	The colors seemed different .
tr	NNS	There were no rats among the dead .
tr	NN	A vanity with a chair next to an armoire Brenda had bought years ago .
tr	NNS	The lingering images of my nightmare still seemed all too real .
tr	NN	A secretary came scuttling past .
tr	NNS	Marius took a step back and shrugged .
tr	NNS	""" There 's steep slopes and sharp rocks on this island ."
tr	NNS	Huge ferns grow all around me .
tr	NNS	There are always signs .
tr	NN	' Fitch , ' Love said , staring at the specimen on the tray .
tr	NN	The tunnel Moon escaped through must lead back here and he slipped by Lieutenant Mack 's sweep to avoid detection .
tr	NN	""" Phase one complete , Reapers One and Two standing . """
tr	NN	The family reunion is over .
tr	NNS	Reyes liked Angelica in his head and he was proud of her for bearing up well , but he 'd expected nothing less .
tr	NNS	But most images were centred on the star shape , the circle around it and the accompanying less obvious symbols partly covered by fresher blood splotches .
tr	NN	The odd butterfly took flight in her stomach as Raphael 's lips closed on hers .
tr	NN	Love still didn 't have to play into the equation .
tr	NN	And in the center of his reference table , the ever-present remnant of his contract consulting days , his trusty leather attaché case stood open and ready .
tr	NN	And then her flashlight glowed over the larger duffel bag behind me .
tr	NNS	All my insecurities came flooding back and I wanted to scream and shout .
tr	NN	The sway recharged my memory and I remembered where I was , slamming the pillow over my face -- - still in the middle of the ocean .
tr	NN	"This wormhole was essential to our galaxy and eliminating it has already altered many present and future events . """
tr	NN	The deputy waved his hand upwards .
tr	NNS	Cars passed in front of me as they left the lot .
tr	NNS	"Looks like it 's outside and around the back . """
tr	NNS	""" No pills , no injections , "" he said ."
tr	NNS	Their spines glistened as if they were dusted often and with great care .
tr	NN	Well , until survival instinct kicked in and Tucker probably reacted without thought , bucking the shifter off him .
tr	NNS	Gun shots rang out and she flinched as the windshield of her car shattered .
tr	NN	Kick boxing is not it .
tr	NNS	She kissed his mouth , the kisses clumsy with passion .
tr	NN	A bright rug , a few pictures and a new mattress looked like just about all I would need to set up housekeeping .
tr	NNS	"There are rats in my walls . """
tr	NN	Love stared at Doctor Cooper .
tr	NNS	The bits of metal sparked and sputtered , the outermost pieces glowing bright purple .
tr	NN	"The captain would hurl us both overboard . """
tr	NNS	Maris nodded at his comrade .
tr	NNS	Maybe our mothers would send us all away .
tr	NNS	Her instincts told her he was trouble .
tr	NNS	The other cells were empty .
tr	NNS	The cabinets were natural colored , varnished , with simple steel handles .
tr	NNS	27 Marius grabbed the collar of the lab coat and drew the man closer to his face .
tr	NNS	But then , drugs were so prevalent these days at every level of society .
tr	NNS	Lights speared the night outside the window .
tr	NN	The word ' officially ' was disturbing .
tr	NNS	The contents of this room were familiar .
tr	NNS	""" Then a vampire 's vulnerable spots are the same as a human being 's , more or less ."
tr	NN	The crisis was over .
tr	NN	His valet stepped inside the doors .
tr	NN	the audience prepared to listen to another version .
tr	NNS	"Maybe when I fell out of that tree , my wrists caught on something . """
tr	NN	Since she was a devout Catholic , divorce was not an option for her .
tr	NN	Somehow , television and the film industry had not prepared me for the mundane satisfaction of detecting a thief .
tr	NNS	Hands grasped my shoulders .
tr	NNS	Myles swiveled back and forth as he mulled over Isaac 's response .
tr	NNS	His kisses were indescribable , the emotion behind them enough to break her heart .
tr	NNS	Next thing Nicolas heard his mind say was that he should appreciate all things .
tr	NNS	On the tip of my tongue something sarcastic about the flyers is ready to spew forth , but then I stop myself .
tr	NNS	On the edge of each were black letters , separated by black lines .
tr	NNS	Daniel sat propped up in the bed , pillows and blankets tucked tightly around him .
tr	NNS	"Now , my worst fears about these surgeries seem to be true . """
tr	NNS	The floors were wooden and creaky .
tr	NNS	The sun dips lower in the sky ahead of them , and their shadows are the only things that follow them , stretching long and distorted behind .
tr	NN	The liquid inside looked thicker than blood .
tr	NNS	The strings were old and worn , though when plucked they sang out with depth .
tr	NNS	My nostrils flared , as I took a deep breath to keep from choking her .
tr	NNS	Those icy prickles turned into a veritable shower .
tr	NNS	Reyes lay on the table , on his back .
tr	NNS	Her losses were more bitter , more devastating , than anyone 's .
tr	NN	A faint blush crept up his cheeks , but he still held out his arm to the younger woman .
tr	NNS	"Our chances are better if we send one more to join them . """
tr	NNS	The two detectives use my second of stunned silence to move past me .
tr	NN	""" Love "" was still off his radar and a bit too disconcerting to contemplate , but he was willing to admit he felt something for Haylie ."
tr	NN	There was something delightful y forbidden permeating the air .
tr	NNS	the duchess asked when Alexandra abruptly arose and shook out her skirts .
tr	NNS	The apples smelt incredible .
tr	NN	Her usual nonchalance had left her completely and she wanted answers .
tr	NNS	Things won 't look so bad when you 're not exhausted .
tr	NNS	However , those placer deposits proved to be small and unprofitable .
tr	NN	Its texture was chalky , and it had a slight , but distinct flavor to it .
tr	NNS	""" Must git awful crowded up there after awhile . """
tr	NNS	Beautiful diminutive creatures , with flowing white hair and gazes that could charm humans and Descendants alike , glided before him .
tr	NNS	Our other cousins have joined us as well .
tr	NNS	Even bakery cookies would do in a pinch .
tr	NN	My prison moved and I struggled to no avail .
tr	NNS	"Things will straighten themselves out eventually . """
tr	NNS	The crew members were in on this and armed .
tr	NNS	All the whispers of the stones told me so , but for once , the soft , familiar sounds didn 't soothe me .
tr	NNS	That shyness lasted well into high school .
tr	NNS	""" No strings attached ? """
tr	NN	Carefully , so as not to knock into Antonietta accidentally , the huge dragon lowered itself so she could climb onto its back .
tr	NNS	Then , a silver Mercedes pulled into a spot near the door .
tr	NNS	Silken strands of his hair stroked over her hypersensitive skin .
tr	NNS	His movements brought a breeze of clashing scents : excitement , fear , and ... roses ?
tr	NN	A thud vibrated through the wall as though a giant bolder had rammed into it , and I jumped .
tr	NNS	My sources believe they were killed by their own guards .
tr	NNS	"Sometimes pawns have to be sacrificed for the game . """
tr	NNS	""" Where are the tunnels ? """
tr	NNS	Thoughts roared in my brain , none of them good .
tr	NN	Her shriek was loud enough to actually startle him .
tr	NNS	There were Halloween costumes and wizard hats .
tr	NN	There 's a warm blush spreading through her chest and into her cheeks , and she fingers the smooth taffeta of her dress .
tr	NN	""" No I wont , "" pouted Eric , and Joshua replied "" Shut up , Eric . """
tr	NN	The prestige was enormous enough just being a member or an associate .
tr	NNS	Aris snapped his head back to look at Thomas , who had been so focused on the strange room he 'd missed another chance to do something .
tr	NNS	The three Alphas had taken it upon themselves to secure the woods .
tr	NN	A puff of smoke seemed to come from her big rock ' n ' roll hairdo .
tr	NN	Part 1 comprises episodes 1-4 in the trilogy and in itself is a standalone work .
tr	NNS	The shots grew fainter and fainter , until they faded into the distance .
tr	NN	Or the Nephilim race would lose more than the war .
tr	NN	"There 's a good reward just for informing on someone who goes into the sewers without permission . """
tr	NNS	There are a few specialists still left , like Alexis and his team .
tr	NNS	She climaxed with him , her fingernails scoring his shoulders as she cried out with her own release .
tr	NNS	God , at the bar last night there were more than enough candidates for a one night stand .
tr	NN	""" Where 's your outline for your paper ? """
tr	NNS	His footsteps were heavy as he tore across the floor and slammed the back door shut behind him .
tr	NN	And her grandmother hadn 't given up information easily and couldn 't say when Barbara would be back .
tr	NN	They don , t really have all these details .
tr	NN	The bullet tore right through him and flew toward the front of the vehicle .
tr	NN	Then the vows were over .
tr	NNS	Things she knows ' bout .
tr	NN	The growl of the motor had been chewing at the edge of my awareness for a minute or two .
tr	NN	Unfortunately , the ban on Grey and Navarre vamps wasn 't going to help .
tr	NNS	The minor villages will get it in time .
tr	NNS	"There are volatile areas where the ground becomes wafer thin above boiling lakes or where scant layers of sand disguise wells of searing mud . """
tr	NN	Morgan 's reputation for being a raging slut who 'd sleep with almost anyone made her number one with the guys , though .
tr	NN	"KT began to look the heavy truck over "" we need weapons of any type , this transport will do "" ."
tr	NNS	Their ages make that kind of relationship impossible .
tr	NNS	""" The coyotes got me , Caleb ."
tr	NN	Terror rattled Dak 's heart , made it hard to breathe .
tr	NNS	Despite what I thought were measured movements , the cards spilled off the makeshift table and onto the floor .
tr	NN	The day before Thanksgiving , Jared final y offered his first word of encouragement .
tr	NN	A zing goes up from my knee to my hoochie mama , and I have a small orgasm .
tr	NN	Such a pipe dream .
tr	NN	Some survival instinct kicked in .
tr	NNS	There are liars and thieves out there and they know newbies .
tr	NN	Their progress was slow and awkward , thanks to her injury .
tr	NNS	From this angle his nostrils appeared cavernous .
tr	NNS	Behind her stood several other members of Yellow .
tr	NN	As we rounded the final corner in our trek , there was a deafening roar .
tr	NNS	"Hands off her maids , too , if you please . """
tr	NNS	Others were having trouble getting the money that was supposedly available .
tr	NNS	"What are the possibilities ? """
tr	NNS	"Things may change . """
tr	NNS	Why , in your Infirmary , are nurses on strike ?
tr	NN	Our leader has married a beautiful , intelligent woman .
tr	NN	"A leader makes sacrifices for the good of the many and I 'll sacrifice whomever gets in my way . """
tr	NNS	Their stomachs were various sizes , and he couldn 't help but wonder what Lissa would look like in the months to come .
tr	NNS	Things were looking bleak .
tr	NN	The priest studied her shadowed , grief-stricken face over his teacup .
tr	NN	"-- The Staff of The Straight Dope Science Advisory Board One "" This is an old folks home ? """
tr	NNS	There were a couple other differences .
tr	NNS	Red petals made a trail from the door to where he stood , piling up at his feet .
tr	NNS	""" Physical cues do exist but they vary a lot from one individual to another ."
tr	NN	As Tabitha approached Jake , blasting him with another ball of energy her paralysis broke and she yelled Tabitha 's name .
tr	NNS	""" Your actions have precipitated events that definitely call for notice ."
tr	NNS	There her wispy trails of smoke merged with a magical fog layered over the players .
tr	NNS	After all , there were no ghosts .
tr	NN	""" The secretary is trying to find him ."
tr	NN	The bloody bullet stared out at him .
tr	NNS	There were several murmurs of agreement .
tr	NN	The green sweater caught her eye .
tr	NNS	Lots of touching involved .
tr	NN	The tightly moulded bodice was beautifully beaded with tiny crystals , as was the hem and lower half of the gloriously wide skirt .
tr	NN	The liquid was having an immediate and startling effect on her .
tr	NNS	He was glad he was safe and clinically noted the familiar pangs of survivor 's guilt starting up .
tr	NN	In an instant , Cordelia 's Colt roared , spitting lead , punching holes through the beastly onslaught .
tr	NNS	Delores suggested my theory was something Detective Thurman was considering .
tr	NN	""" Their science will not tell them anything ."
tr	NN	In less than an hour , an iceberg would suddenly appear in front of the ship and they would be unable to avoid the collision .
tr	NNS	""" There 's the gangs ."
tr	NNS	""" Alexander , these paintings are gorgeous ."
tr	NNS	Ship captains sailing into the Bay of Troy found themselves faced with a price they hadn 't expected , or planned for .
tr	NN	Her practical wisdom had opened Jacqueline 's eyes to what she was doing to Reese and to herself .
tr	NNS	There were no pools of mascara smearing underneath her eyes ; god knows a girl like Nancy wore falsies .
tr	NN	Also by Amanda Martin : BABY BLUES AND WEDDING SHOES Amanda 's latest release , the chick lit novel Baby Blues and Wedding Shoes is available now .
tr	NN	... out of the flood , to get out of the blood , boom , boom , boom ... Boom , boom , boom !
tr	NNS	Maris inhaled and looked down , realizing he was shaking again .
tr	NN	She could do with some reinforcement in case her daughter-in-law hadn 't noticed .
tr	NN	""" A dangerous luxury for a vampire , "" Styx murmured , the dark shadows playing over his face ."
tr	NN	The cancer of the ghetto had since crept in .
tr	NNS	The other members of the council grumble , but one by one , they leave .
tr	NNS	His paws batted at one of Eliot 's shirt buttons .
tr	NNS	Before the commander could respond , the young warriors leapt onto their horses and galloped at full speed toward the main camp .
tr	NN	Not even a slice of chocolate heaven could revive her appetite .
tr	NN	The swirl of Nicolae 's tongue was too much for Destiny to endure .
tr	NN	An owl hooted , fluttering from the branches of an oak to a maple .
tr	NNS	The winds pushed hard against me .
tr	NN	The little diamond wobbled , then ran onto her finger , cold and wet .
tr	NNS	Even so , her eyelids were so heavy that she couldn 't stay awake no matter how hard she tried .
tr	NNS	Reyes 's eyelids squeezed closed .
tr	NNS	For all that though , its movements are smooth and almost graceful .
tr	NNS	""" Empty suits of armour can 't move . """
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps thundered down the stairs , giving Sophie only enough time to slink around the wall , crouching into a tight alcove .
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't want to , but I couldn 't help but talk to her .
tr	NNS	At the back of the room were rows and rows of neat shelves filled with glassware and all kinds of bottled and labeled ingredients .
tr	NNS	"Things just fell into place . """
tr	NNS	Soldiers ran on past it and now an enormous explosion to our right erupted and sand and water sprayed down on us .
tr	NNS	The paintings and carvings on the domed ceiling showed clouds at sunset , birds , and a variety of fanciful winged creatures .
tr	NN	But his audacity , his lack of fear , provoked her at the same time .
tr	NNS	When the thunder finally stopped , when the wind finally died , the shaking members of the Dark Council climbed back into their seats .
tr	NN	""" The Cliffs resort has had trouble with underage drinking , and it 's time to put a stop to it ."
tr	NNS	His screens were telling him that they had cleared their safe harbour and were rushing onwards to meet their fate .
tr	NN	His uncle lay prone in bed , his eyes active and alert as Sasha and the doctor drew closer .
tr	NNS	The twins looked at each other and shrugged .
tr	NN	""" An improved Spear Strike , simply hard to read , hard to tell what 's going to happen , is simply impossible to counter now ."
tr	NN	""" The clown , "" Stacy said gravely ."
tr	NN	Part of me didn 't care if tomorrow never came , just as long as I had tonight .
tr	NNS	The repairs are bleeding you dry , you 're getting married , you 're going to have a baby .
tr	NN	"The pilot says , "" I think they 're more afraid that we won 't bring ' em the free beer . """
tr	NNS	There were no false promises in those sapphire eyes .
tr	NNS	There were several couples outside , strolling the stone terrace , but she didn 't see Samuel 's distinctive silhouette .
tr	NN	On the edge of the bed , the small white kitten stretched out on its side .
tr	NNS	The guard 's footsteps sounded outside , and Jenny stood up , a polite , even conciliatory , smile fixed on her face .
tr	NN	Sophia 's brother Sergio was standing right next to Mandi , looking like a happily married newlywed , and Andre was by Sophia .
tr	NN	The hulk of a man slumped back onto the bench .
tr	NN	Why was her heart beating so hard ?
tr	NN	David goes back , but quickly recovers and is upon me instantly , the goblet disintegrating in his hands which grasp my neck .
tr	NN	Since arriving , only the captain and his two crew members had ever seen their faces , and none of them knew their true names .
tr	NNS	Spanish moss hung like spiderwebs , making the woods look even more foreboding .
tr	NN	The thief collapsed and all the members stepped away in cowardice from the corpse .
tr	NN	Frankly , his sanity was starting to depend on it .
tr	NNS	Parts are parts and we were all pretty much restricted to using the same basic equipment with so many suppliers closing shop .
tr	NNS	The merciless suns here on the bluff widened the circles of sweat forming under her armpits .
tr	NN	The rumbling of her stomach stopped , too .
tr	NN	""" Ok , ok , in I go ! """
tr	NN	"Just ... an idiot , that 's all . """
tr	NNS	""" What are the levels ? """
tr	NNS	Her aunts and uncles were nowhere to be seen , but the majority of her cousins , mostly the females , were in attendance .
tr	NNS	""" There are no boy germs ! """
tr	NNS	Lights blazed from all the windows .
tr	NN	"A new player has arrived . """
tr	NNS	Things to be said .
tr	NN	Love isn 't real .
tr	NNS	My travels will be quite extensive so I won 't be around much but I 'll have the Prophet fly you to meet us regular basis .
tr	NNS	From out of nowhere two teachers charged into the room .
tr	NNS	The creatures ' jaws gaped slightly open , revealing rows of razor-sharp teeth .
tr	NNS	The fumes touched her eyes and made her take a couple of steps back .
tr	NNS	The big cats came leaping towards it , opened with a blow of their paws the door of the room and began their hunt .
tr	NN	Sure enough , there was a rope dangling from what could only be the hotel 's roof .
tr	NN	The T-shirt he wore was so thin he might as well be shirtless .
tr	NN	"The Master will reveal Scamp 's successor in due time . """
tr	NNS	Every moment counts , the longer it remains open , the more of the Dark Army we must face .
tr	NNS	Our footsteps echo against the paving stones .
tr	NN	There 's a pot to cook them in and fresh water .
tr	NNS	Their tongues entwined , caressing , stroking .
tr	NNS	Her efforts to offer him sexually neutral friendliness were inflaming him far worse than if she 'd been coming on to him hot and heavy .
tr	NN	""" Love and war don 't work that way . """
tr	NNS	Things were happening in the world but I was watching them without seeing .
tr	NN	The redhead was looking frazzled .
tr	NNS	""" Plans have changed ."
tr	NNS	Amy signed , Things come .
tr	NNS	The media is reporting the children of the late , lamented Boris Hightower are furious that Constance was let out on bail .
tr	NNS	""" My directors are meeting in New York ."
tr	NN	There was a loud rustling of paper as all the pages sorted themselves out .
tr	NNS	The comforting aromas of coffee and bacon cooking greeted me .
tr	NN	"The goddess doesn 't like anyone getting the better of her and most especially not when it 's a mortal she owns . """
tr	NNS	""" What are the chances ? """
tr	NN	But for everyone else in the waiting area , all the exhausted family members of mysteriously ill patients , the quake seemed to be the last straw .
tr	NNS	After all , the horrid accusations that Jews had killed Little St. William were almost a hundred years old .
tr	NNS	Strange fumes waft through the house .
tr	NNS	The edges of the window bend inward .
tr	NNS	Anyway , she told herself , wolves don 't attack people .
tr	NNS	Despite its grandeur , the villagers ignored it -- it was common belief that the other side of the river was cursed .
tr	NN	Under the window , there was an old fashion chase lounge and in one corner a huge full length mirror on a stand .
tr	NNS	"Rufus doesn 't want your reputation smeared all over Manhattan , and mine with it . """
tr	NNS	Diggs watched our exchange curiously but said nothing .
tr	NNS	Both their minds worked frantically , striving to discern some noticeable characteristic in the stranger , but they could not ; they could discern nothing .
tr	NN	The new shield was more taxing than the old , and I was getting tired - but there was nothing to do about that but keep going .
tr	NN	The captain blew jets and fused sand into black glass .
tr	NN	Your equipment fails and that on you .
tr	NN	The white apron tied around her waist was so white it looked as if it had never been used .
tr	NN	But the television appeal hadn 't thrown anything up so far .
tr	NN	the thief replied with a nervous laugh .
tr	NNS	The wolves have a law : Whoever kills the clan leader takes his place .
tr	NN	The freighter squeaked to a stop ahead of them .
tr	NNS	Suddenly the three lizards whipped about , peering into the darkness , their bodies straining against or toward something invisible .
tr	NN	A slow beeping reached him , and Cale frowned .
tr	NNS	"The containers are too heavy for her . """
tr	NN	Out on the platform the newspaper page was nowhere to be seen .
tr	NN	A thrill of tickles moves in the center of my chest , and I think of the way his strong hand caressed my face at the bar .
tr	NNS	Red spots had begun to burn on Sophie 's cheeks .
tr	NNS	The fullness of the scene hits me like a punch in the face .
tr	NN	A deep boom shuddered throughout the ship .
tr	NNS	Even the cards themselves seemed more otherworldly .
tr	NNS	The eggs hatch into carnivorous larvae that spread far and wide .
tr	NNS	""" These interviews , she was spending a lot of time on them and they were making her angry and depressed ."
tr	NNS	There were only a few spots where light came in , more than enough to see his way .
tr	NN	The gas tank was almost empty and there would be no more for ten days to two weeks , but this did not concern him , either .
tr	NN	The bundle evaporated under a puff of smoke and just in time as the flash from the adjoining room announced Jason 's arrival .
tr	NN	Only a creak in the hall broke the sudden silence .
tr	NN	The thrill of glory rushed through his veins , and his only thought was to cut them down , to crush them beneath his heel .
tr	NN	Lie to her face again and again and again .
tr	NNS	Its effects on the digestive tract are insidious and complex .
tr	NN	The stairwell , presumably , would go all the way down to the basement .
tr	NN	The tribe lived in their native land where they had originally settled .
tr	NN	He was soon joining her , his growls mingled with hers , almost before he realized he was coming .
tr	NNS	There were various species of trees , tamarind , Benjamin tree , avocado , pine , and many other .
tr	NN	The little bitch would yap at him for the rest of the day .
tr	NNS	Lights blurred past me so fast that I shouldn 't have been able to control my body .
tr	NNS	Soldiers spilled out onto the second-floor landing .
tr	NN	Storm reached behind his neck and untied a leather cord , lifting the amulet from inside his shirt .
tr	NNS	""" My apologies , "" he said coolly ."
tr	NN	""" A chick flick ? """
tr	NN	""" There 's a tablet in the storage compartment you need to study ."
tr	NN	""" Perry final y grew a pair and kissed you . """
tr	NN	A loud roar came from the front of the building .
tr	NNS	* * * Nicole 's years of successful negotiations had trained her well .
tr	NNS	Hands curled around the back of my chair , and Garrick 's body leaned in close to mine .
tr	NN	""" My illness is tearing us apart ."
tr	NNS	Reyes shook his head .
tr	NN	She jumped up , her weakness and fever forgotten .
tr	NNS	The streetlights came rarely .
tr	NN	Against people like that , regular surveillance would be good enough .
tr	NNS	All characters , names and settings are fictional , and do not portray any real individuals or places .
tr	NN	The leader took the purse and started patting the saddlebags of the horses for the tell-tale jangle of coin .
tr	NN	Would The Program get the police involved ?
tr	NN	""" Your witness , "" she said ."
tr	NNS	"No unnecessary risks , I promise . """
tr	NN	""" And your slave is performing well ."
tr	NN	The tribe is already big enough !
tr	NN	""" I ' l put you to bed and you ' l feel better in the morning . """
tr	NNS	Both suns were up now .
tr	NNS	The media loved the Sherbrooke family .
tr	NNS	How far do those tunnels go ?
tr	NN	"And an unknown faction doesn 't want me to get there at all . """
tr	NNS	With another step , the heavy chains lifted from the ground and tightened around his shoulders and neck .
tr	NNS	""" All married couples argue ."
tr	NNS	Clan members were overprotective of Angelina , but more so of their priestess , Rachel .
tr	NNS	If they were captured , they reasoned , their contacts amongst the most senior judges would save them once they revealed who they really were .
tr	NN	A bruise marked the little girl 's cheek .
tr	NNS	Gray primer spots covered the battered vehicle and a white racing stripe slashed diagonally across the left side .
tr	NNS	Girls , pick a pretty dress .
tr	NNS	Tiny figures , also bronze , sat on it somewhat like chess pieces .
tr	NNS	Chills break out on her skin , so I continue kissing down her neck .
tr	NNS	Near the bottom of the ladder were two ancient flashlights .
tr	NN	There was always a punishment to bear , a condition attached to the love I was granted .
tr	NN	Seldom was there a rebel or a visionary , until the human blood became mixed with ours .
tr	NN	The cable looped down with her , finally wrenching from her hand .
tr	NNS	The warriors treated their beasts , better than themselves .
tr	NN	To this Fang snarled and Scratch understood that it was just another contradiction that Fang was occasionally guilty of .
tr	NNS	As my pleasure began to subside , his movements grew faster .
tr	NNS	Those clowns seeing their victim come back from the dead .
tr	NN	""" Man Child , your flesh is weak ."
tr	NNS	""" Lissa , the authorities don 't have any leads ."
tr	NN	A wide balcony beckoned .
tr	NN	""" And no offense , but I 'm not really in the mood for your public displays of affection . """
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs ignored him .
tr	NN	The therapist had asked how I 'd felt before I found a note , if didn 't remember what I was doing before then .
tr	NNS	Soldiers question all who travel .
tr	NNS	Clean white tiles spread before her , and the air was ripe with the scent of Clorox and chamomile tea cooling on breakfast trays .
tr	NN	""" I think company performance of late says otherwise , "" Hale 's uncle muttered , but no one else said anything aloud ."
tr	NNS	""" Yeah , thirty million surviving Americans sure couldn 't stop you ."
tr	NN	Her quitting the library was not like her .
tr	NNS	Her boobs are too small .
tr	NN	Her small bustle pressed his groin , the cage keeping him from what he wanted to feel .
tr	NN	The first page through was a cover letter from National Copy Service , addressed to Theresa Osborne at the Boston Times .
tr	NNS	"If the sisters don 't offer assistance the immortals will ! """
tr	NNS	Most other werewolves feared him , specifically for that reason .
tr	NNS	Things are going to change soon and I 'm going to be the one to change them .
tr	NNS	"However , there are other species that have been uplifted and they 're the ones I 've seen replicated . """
tr	NN	The newcomer finally looked up .
tr	NNS	""" Rival claims to the Crown have caused wars before , Tavi ."
tr	NN	A familiar stack of books sat on the table , ones I 'd seen in her classroom .
tr	NNS	The fumes and ash hasn 't hurt us .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat hard and fast in her throat .
tr	NN	An equally disorienting tour finally led them to a large dark door .
tr	NNS	Several floors were emitting smoke and flames .
tr	NNS	There were a few humorless chuckles .
tr	NN	""" And vice versa . """
tr	NNS	Looks like my father and I will be paying a visit to the blood bank again .
tr	NNS	Things could be worse .
tr	NNS	If the number had already been disconnected , though , chances were that my father was already back on the run .
tr	NN	However , just then there was a bustle of activity down the hall and Monique came gliding out of the library .
tr	NNS	Failed paintings stood here and there .
tr	NNS	Lots of angry phone calls to the paper and my advisor , though .
tr	NN	The priest wished us well , and then he , too , simply disappeared .
tr	NNS	Things began to make a little more sense to Deckard Blaine after that .
tr	NNS	Their goggles blocked out the unbearable brightness left to surge into each prison pod every single second the survivors of Erebus had been here .
tr	NNS	The foes were about to lunge when , unexpectedly , the snowflake 's trajectory curved in a boomerang fashion .
tr	NN	Its placing was strange enough that even this new god was momentarily confused by it .
tr	NNS	The grasses had cushioned her fall somewhat , but she felt a stabbing pain in her lower back .
tr	NN	An ugly scowl immediately replaced the seductive look of a moment ago .
tr	NNS	Myles had overheard them discussing her temporary relocation and interrupted to say that his home was available to her , too .
tr	NNS	Looks like Grandma Vera 's got a late inning rally working for her .
tr	NNS	However , some modern scholars argue that Nazareth was also the birthplace of Jesus .
tr	NNS	Immortals were impervious to any weapon created by humans .
tr	NNS	I turned slowly , my movements burdened by what had just occurred .
tr	NNS	Their nocturnal sessions were , to Kane , the pure gift of living inebriation .
tr	NN	""" What 's an arcade ? """
tr	NN	A long hesitation came before she made a halfhearted walk over to sit next to Mike .
tr	NN	""" Your grandmother found out about us , packed you up and sent you away ."
tr	NN	Its tail was making little splashes in the water .
tr	NN	Instead , adrenaline raced through my veins faster than even my beloved car could take a highway .
tr	NNS	"There 's gates and guards and people with guns to shoot your ass as soon as they see it . """
tr	NNS	There were hugs all around .
tr	NN	Maybe ... ugh , that option really wasn 't great either ... but he was better than Kellan , and better than walking in the rain .
tr	NNS	""" Many changes have occurred since you left . """
tr	NNS	There were terminals everywhere .
tr	NNS	""" How do eggs and bacon sound ? """
tr	NN	My self-esteem is at its lowest right now , and you made it worse last night with the cruel things you said .
tr	NN	His supervisor invites him into her office and suggests a vacation , but he politely declines .
tr	NNS	""" So let it be recorded , "" the Council members said ."
tr	NNS	Loose newspapers littered the ally and were blowing around randomly creating an eerie setting .
tr	NNS	"Ethan 's sizable apartments were also there , as were the suite of rooms next door that Luc referred to as the "" boudoir . """
tr	NN	""" No accounting for your taste . """
tr	NN	His partner sat bare-chested as Elizabeth treated the gunshot wound to his shoulder .
tr	NN	A wealthy werewolf who has been a thorn in the Grand Master 's side for a long time owns it .
tr	NN	Possibly the sheriff had told him to stay away from me if he wanted to keep his job ?
tr	NN	""" Let me go or I 'll kill her , "" Bishop 's low menacing growl turned my blood icy cold ."
tr	NN	"How has event managing been ? """
tr	NNS	The first small puffs of it , coming up like cotton balls farther down the river .
tr	NNS	There were three CCTV 's outside the ODC entrance and three inside .
tr	NNS	For a long , horrified moment she stared at him , speech skills and thought processes gone , only blind instincts left .
tr	NNS	' More than a friend surely , ' she snapped back , an envious flash in her eyes .
tr	NN	""" Our Prince is dead ."
tr	NN	Her partner nodded back toward the hotel 's entrance .
tr	NN	The keyboard had barely fit .
tr	NN	A blue halo surrounded the vessel and it was off , sailing past the ocean of black glass that was the Sanctuary .
tr	NN	' Just a jug of ale thanks , ' Bri smiled .
tr	NN	Back then , the main crop had been sugar cane .
tr	NN	""" Your com setup here sucks . """
tr	NN	The detective 's drinking partner left , and I moved around the bar to sit with Mulberry .
tr	NN	Meanwhile , the Hand intertwined its fingers with his and they began twiddling thumbs .
tr	NNS	Things can change quickly out here .
tr	NN	With his life out of immediate danger , the sergeant took a chance and spoke .
tr	NNS	Only two patrons occupied a table and the bell above the door was silent .
tr	NNS	Things had been going wrong so consistently that seeming premonitions tugged at his mind .
tr	NNS	The chains nearly crushed his wrists as they took the brunt of his weight .
tr	NN	""" The bastard who raped her managed to shatter the crystal chalice , didn 't he ? """
tr	NNS	When his zipper eased down with a hiss , her eyelids flew back open .
tr	NN	Only economic assistance will be available and supervision by the United States Agency for International Development USAID with oversight by an independent panel .
tr	NN	The stench of rotten blood and musky Cane flooded his nostrils .
tr	NNS	""" But the chances of it happening in our immediate working area again are remote . """
tr	NNS	There on the sage green couch were two green pillows : one that matched and another in a contrasting cobalt blue .
tr	NNS	Muscles flexed with tension under her hands .
tr	NNS	More promising were those pools of water and the strange creatures that inhabited them .
tr	NN	""" I saw it , "" the lifeguard said ."
tr	NNS	"At this time of night , stop signs are optional . """
tr	NN	There were several of them , each with a pile of iron cannonballs neatly stacked by their wheels , beautifully chased in cast bronze .
tr	NN	His lantern shattered against the floor , spilling flaming oil into the room .
tr	NN	This snotty English baron wants to buy Daddy 's golf course so he can put up a textile machinery factory .
tr	NNS	Screams and wails replaced the happy chatter .
tr	NNS	Other members of the traveling party had gone in different directions .
tr	NNS	Goss looked out the passenger window at the sheer drop to the bottom of a rocky gorge .
tr	NN	"And the wanted poster said he has been shooting anyone that he comes across . """
tr	NN	"Again , no offense but I want to get to Reed tonight . """
tr	NNS	"The strains of "" Nearer My God To Thee "" rose slowly upward ."
tr	NN	An enigma named Amber , full of surprises and secrets .
tr	NNS	My clients are busy men . '
tr	NNS	The frames were so light they could be taken apart and easily stored which was my intention and only to use them if we felt the need .
tr	NNS	The satellites spread the commands anonymously to their other low orbit friends , and then to ground stations around the world .
tr	NN	There is no guilt in what happened .
tr	NNS	Shouts and cries of joy met my ears when they saw what I was doing .
tr	NN	The Sphinx gave him a stony look , and then showed its fangs .
tr	NNS	Nerves twisted Anne Marie 's stomach as she got closer to her destination .
tr	NNS	Several servants had left due to his abuse .
tr	NN	The family wil have answers .
tr	NNS	What could elves be doing at Carmela 's ?
tr	NN	The implication could not have been clearer if she 'd spelled it out for him word by word .
tr	NNS	Words I never wanted to hear myself say .
tr	NNS	""" The only colors you should be thinking about are the ones on your outfits . """
tr	NNS	Hopeless cases thrown out in the battlefield clinic .
tr	NNS	Once the fire started , the servants put together the tents .
tr	NN	The mud factor was tolerable in the areas torn up from air attacks .
tr	NN	The dog left , the tapping of his claws marked his passage down the hall .
tr	NNS	Her lush boobs tented the shirt , leaving little to the imagination .
tr	NN	The determination to find Garcia outweighed the potential of any personal risk .
tr	NNS	Perhaps I should have stopped you before it ever got this far , your foolish attempts to pretend you 're something you 're not .
tr	NN	What if the pilot wanted to kidnap her for ransom and headed off in the wrong direction ?
tr	NN	In fact the electricity running from his hand to mine was so intense that it temporarily shorted out my brain .
tr	NN	The chaos made her feel utterly hopeless .
tr	NN	"Your dragon 's egg ? """
tr	NNS	There were two figures lying on the pavement .
tr	NN	Perhaps the most alarming discovery was that of a strange stone pathway by which many goblins were entering and leaving the camp .
tr	NN	Then Joey 's aura did that flickering to black thing .
tr	NN	The lieutenant turned to her console , but after a moment of typing , she frowned .
tr	NN	"Some TV show ? """
tr	NN	A clatter of metal rings through the quiet , followed by Gabe 's curses and Jesse 's low chuckle .
tr	NN	The squad leader waved back , and the men turned back to the perimeter road where it was easier going .
tr	NNS	"Things look pretty dead here . """
tr	NNS	When the villagers come rushing into Drac 's castle ?
tr	NNS	Girls like her aren 't the kind who change .
tr	NNS	"Bunker errands are something you 've done before , and there seemed little chance that you 'd return before all Citizen soldiers were dispatched . """
tr	NN	"According to my aunt 's letters , her condition isn 't improving . """
tr	NNS	"Makes sense , I guess , since I 'm heading that way . """
tr	NNS	Three pairs of eyes questioned my sanity .
tr	NNS	Mom 's sales pitch interrupted my Italian fantasy .
tr	NN	The concept of sexual intercourse with another entity was as alien to him as breathing oxygen or consuming ground up bovine animals .
tr	NNS	But still no signs of flying dragons .
tr	NN	""" The crown jewels of Ireland . """
tr	NN	The heavy cord weighed down my arm , proving again the law of gravity reigned .
tr	NNS	The test strips alone were outrageous , and these supplies would only last a month .
tr	NN	Now every bounty hunter , cop on the take , and snitch in the city is after them .
tr	NN	The dwarf shrugged , but there was a good-natured smile on his face .
tr	NN	Eventually Chance stopped outside a darkened window .
tr	NN	""" Skyscrapers don 't come tumbling down ... , "" the baron had said ."
tr	NN	The trio paused just inside the door when they noticed Hannah .
tr	NN	A rustling sounded in the trees surrounding the parking lot .
tr	NNS	""" Yeah , a few ladies have mentioned that ."
tr	NNS	The twins were in rare form and Bella was exhausted and cranky herself .
tr	NNS	Romulus stood suddenly and growled .
tr	NNS	The berries are hard and deadly in my hand .
tr	NNS	""" Now , ladies and gentlemen , let us remember why we are here ."
tr	NNS	These lands are dangerous : full of foul rebels and brigands . '
tr	NN	Beside the mixer , there was a fourth keyboard and an acoustic guitar .
tr	NN	A single pane of glass covered its entirety , seemingly half a mile wide .
tr	NNS	"Nessie "" The dwarves immediately started arguing about who would get the first tot ."
tr	NN	A second year student at the Elsinore Academy , and our own Alexandra Frost had many more years of expectations to fulfill .
tr	NNS	The dwarves indeed no longer needed any urging .
tr	NN	Their clothing was of dark colors , but often faded from too much sun or too many washings .
tr	NNS	""" The markings were not what the killer was in search off , this are the insignia of the killer . """
tr	NNS	Though this building seemed to be closed to the public , the ruins were a tourist attraction , giving the guards an easy supply of food .
tr	NN	Morning came early in the summer , and the days were long .
tr	NN	Love looked over from his desk .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even any public signs .
tr	NN	The mayor gave him a worried look .
tr	NNS	"Dragon cats are filthy , wild animals . """
tr	NN	The townhouse was getting quite crowded with everyone here .
tr	NNS	The car passengers formed an undulating barrier on either side of the car , meshing together shoulder to shoulder .
tr	NNS	There were two mentions on the website , one about Elite , Gabriel Dare to Open Club on Eden ?
tr	NNS	The countess released him when she entered the study .
tr	NNS	""" Things are beginning to make a lot more sense now . """
tr	NNS	His fellow Starlin members would be extremely disappointed if they knew the truth , bastards that they were .
tr	NN	Jori 's vote of confidence should have lightened my heart as I walked over the stony spine of the island .
tr	NNS	But inside , there were only three floors .
tr	NNS	For some time the companions crawled and groped upon the ground .
tr	NNS	Waves of delight lifted and carried her to shore , where she rolled like a seashell in the surf .
tr	NNS	"If you put it on wrong , or it was defective or old , the chances of pregnancy increase , Kennedy . """
tr	NN	A log collapsed in the fireplace and we both turned to look at the fire , which needed stoking .
tr	NN	' In case the intruder is still there ? '
tr	NN	"My attorney convinced me it was best to take the plea . """
tr	NN	Graham 's growl vibrated the window behind her .
tr	NNS	The wooden slats ripped at the creatures , tearing bloodless gashes that they never felt .
tr	NN	"My mate was a bit overzealous with the nine pin . """
tr	NNS	"Our technicians are really quite good though and have never lost a patient . """
tr	NNS	"The idiots would carve them to bits to make trinkets and baubles . """
tr	NN	However , Storm had no reason to do something just to be nice .
tr	NN	The brunette finally followed her friend to the bar .
tr	NNS	There weren 't even any bits of glass or stray pieces of chrome lying around .
tr	NNS	""" The eggs are white . """
tr	NNS	Grandmother Earth was being torn up , pierced below its sacred top six inches , desecrated .
tr	NNS	Things -- and people -- aren 't always what they seem .
tr	NN	The garage remained seemingly unscathed while the rest of the house had been reduced to obsidian skeletal shards frosted with snowy ash .
tr	NNS	So any attempts at making myself feel better where he was concerned would just have to wait ; if it ever happened at all .
tr	NN	The referee 's converged on Alex , waving their hands over their heads .
tr	NNS	Things were getting out of control .
tr	NN	"The snake 's dead , and while she got bitten , there 's a blessing in it all , since you heard the gunfire . """
tr	NNS	""" Things have been going well ."
tr	NNS	Lots of people come and go .
tr	NNS	There were many experiments focused on the rapid gathering of large databases .
tr	NN	With those words , Chance knew that Will hadn 't told Gwen the truth .
tr	NN	The worst possible scenario swept over me .
tr	NN	The pilot wouldn 't think of it - once out of his cockpit , the man was obviously an imbecile - but the Englishman almost surely would .
tr	NN	The shag carpet abraded his bare legs .
tr	NN	Edwin 's instinct was to run , but he stood frozen in terror as a figure emerged from the coffin .
tr	NN	""" Welcome aboard , Ms. Sexton , "" the captain said ."
tr	NN	The Last Battle would be a test unlike any her people had ever known .
tr	NN	"A bit jealous , are we ? """
tr	NNS	Several bulbs connected by a series of cords glowed brightly , chasing away the shadows .
tr	NNS	24 Myles checked outside his front windows .
tr	NN	The bloodshot , beady eyes flickered to the prince as he leaned in .
tr	NN	The squirrel scurried out of his den as the wolf watched him .
tr	NNS	"These symptoms can create a chaotic existence , and DID sufferers tend to self-medicate . """
tr	NNS	Things were about to get serious between us .
tr	NN	""" Where is the spout ? """
tr	NNS	Things that could only hurt him more .
tr	NN	"Your convention is today . """
tr	NN	The baseball player sighed .
tr	NNS	"The traitors paid dearly . """
tr	NNS	Her footsteps trail away .
tr	NNS	""" And what are the other council members saying about this ? """
tr	NN	Her belly was in knots .
tr	NN	""" Your ma doesn 't like asking folks for shit ."
tr	NNS	As she picked her way to the bedroom door , the hardwood floors creaked and groaned despite her best efforts at a stealthy exit .
tr	NNS	"Now that you 're here , only the serious cases will have to go to Regiment . """
tr	NN	His gravestone is still there , and here is a photograph of it .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't gone well in the warm-up and the rest of the session probably wasn 't going to be much better .
tr	NNS	As per the CSA code of conduct , your team members would have had to find a way to rescue you .
tr	NN	Her absence was a significant shock .
tr	NN	"The singer drags herself back to town with her tail between her legs . """
tr	NN	Their old headquarters was nice , but not nearly big enough to accommodate over twelve thousand people .
tr	NNS	Things here seem to glow with their own light .
tr	NNS	In less than two days those planes will probably drop the memory serum virus over the experiments .
tr	NN	A solid core that had drawn him to her .
tr	NN	The defense will say their presence has nothing to do with any alleged abduction back in February .
tr	NN	Such an upside-down process ?
tr	NNS	""" There are many items which could help us , for example , a toothbrush , skin cells from clothing , blood , a hairbrush ."
tr	NNS	In the distance , coyotes were howling , wolves yelping , and down by the creek night birds were calling .
tr	NNS	Flames appeared , crawling up from his hands to his upper arms .
tr	NNS	"' Put differences aside ? ' """
tr	NN	His theory of defense was simply : Deny !
tr	NN	"There 's no grand design , just like there isn 't in real life . """
tr	NNS	Maks bent down and rolled Nicholas to one side .
tr	NN	The injection of rumors and key elements of their prepared story into Colony 's grapevine would tie this issue down .
tr	NNS	The companions traveled fast and hard for the rest of the day .
tr	NN	The trick is not to let it destroy your trust in others when it happens .
tr	NNS	Reyes was panting as he raced toward Lucien 's room .
tr	NNS	Hands shot in the air as her pupils called for her attention .
tr	NN	' Simple , because doing so amuses me .
tr	NN	Her pulse pounded in several places throughout her body .
tr	NN	Most likely any illness I 've contracted wouldn 't translate to their systems , but I prefer to be sure .
tr	NNS	There 's a bookmark almost three-quarters of the way through .
tr	NN	The glide of their bodies against each other , the touch of his skilled fingers , built the intensity , narrowed the focus .
tr	NN	Then gently slid his hand down over her shoulder and flank to her hip .
tr	NN	For a while , his absence , followed by endless conjecture regarding his whereabouts , had profoundly distressed her .
tr	NN	There was the familiar glint in her mother 's eye .
tr	NNS	The bars were about ten feet tall , lodged deeply into both the rocky floor and ceiling .
tr	NN	A thrill ran up her spine , her head jerked up and she asked a question to which she already knew the answer .
tr	NNS	""" Those same thousands would envy me and ultimately destroy me ."
tr	NNS	""" And those wolves were huge ."
tr	NN	The brunette took the lead then , hurrying to a well-appointed equipage and herding the other two inside .
tr	NN	The landing leads into a wide room with a floor of glass and my stomach trips over itself .
tr	NNS	""" Both cats order him around , so he has to be The Private . """
tr	NNS	Lots of people would start by jumping back in time - say to 400 BC and the incredible energy of Greek thought in both science and philosophy .
tr	NNS	"Looks like we both got lucky . """
tr	NN	The majority of the vamps in this city haven 't left in decades .
tr	NNS	The loud thumps and waves of energy had stopped , but he couldn 't rest until he made sure everything was okay at home .
tr	NN	A thrill ran through Ian at being praised .
tr	NN	The priest looked at him .
tr	NNS	""" Unfortunately my functions are limited ."
tr	NN	Her audience shifted in their seats guiltily .
tr	NNS	The goblins roared with a sudden burst of shrill cries .
tr	NN	A savage glint appeared in the depths of tawny eyes .
tr	NNS	My body lands on a hard sloped rock then tumbles forward on my knees and elbows .
tr	NNS	Some drips of water were coming from the roof of the cavern .
tr	NNS	There are profound ramifications extending into every aspect of existence .
tr	NN	That madness , Echo guessed , could give the man unnatural strength .
tr	NN	""" The despot lord won in a way ."
tr	NNS	His instincts had screamed that loudest of all .
tr	NN	The deputy she 'd spoken to seemed competent enough .
tr	NNS	The crayon colors should not adhere to you or your hair , unless you place it there for annoyingly fun .
tr	NNS	Sadly , with those fears came others , as if she 'd opened a doorway in her mind and placed a welcome mat out front .
tr	NNS	Things had been so full of happiness for her that she had forgotten the last lie that still needed to be revealed .
tr	NN	But the warrior in him knew better .
tr	NNS	Hendricks went last , shutting the door behind him .
tr	NN	The peasant , only a few years older than himself , stood and spoke like a nobleman .
tr	NN	The momentum of what was happening hit me .
tr	NN	The operation hinged on it .
tr	NNS	Things were going to get worse before they got better , which was probably why I was having trouble dealing .
tr	NN	The small courtyard between the keep and its wall contained a couple of guard posts and patrols , and Ham would visit each one in turn .
tr	NNS	The drugs are starting to kick in .
tr	NNS	Above the gates was a single iron screen covering the whole width of the alley and extending twenty feet in the air .
tr	NNS	For less favorable jobs , the ones that no one wants , pack members are sometimes force assigned jobs .
tr	NNS	Marius whistled as the truck soared higher , spinning end over end until it landed on its roof with a violent crash .
tr	NNS	Limited calories provided at the feeding centers meant people were losing weight .
tr	NN	The haze faded slowly as I stood staring into my brother 's eyes , trying to anchor myself , to get back to being normal .
tr	NN	There was a split-second hesitation and Raven yelled an order to the kid and another child joined the room .
tr	NN	An eruption ensued , flooding the area with voices and pleas .
tr	NNS	Dante deserved it , the whispers say .
tr	NNS	But her footsteps stop before she reaches the door , and she goes back down again to where she was and looks directly into the camera .
tr	NN	His office had been contacted regarding a campaign finance issue , something Bryce would know more about than anyone else , including himself .
tr	NNS	""" It is not an offer , but a necessity , "" al ' Thor said ."
tr	NN	The campsite looked pristine .
tr	NN	Her orgasm was too much for him .
tr	NN	""" No , "" Jazz said softly ."
tr	NN	One shelf contains a beautiful wooden chest .
tr	NN	The day falling , the mountain chill giving me a tremor .
tr	NN	""" Okay , so the term is old fashioned , but did he ? """
tr	NNS	There were so many possibilities .
tr	NNS	Most Cadogan House vamps did when we weren 't on duty , and even Ethan had made the transition .
tr	NN	At the most , a shredded wing tip might tumble down to Earth .
tr	NNS	Then the angry murmurs begin when the words are understood .
tr	NN	Light , air and sound came crashing through the open window , pulling the light , fragile curtains violently away from the wall .
tr	NNS	"2 World governments , after a brief , rather understandable "" What the hell ? """
tr	NNS	""" The bound couples in the books I 've read about often outlived their unbound cousins ."
tr	NNS	""" Sean , your skills are up next ."
tr	NNS	""" The specialists are working around the clock to make sure the devices are manufactured by the deadline ."
tr	NN	Connie 's pulse beat faster as she realized she was starting to hear herself think .
tr	NNS	There were hats and hose and boots and belts , swords and daggers ; adornments of all kinds .
tr	NN	The archer passed a sneer at Gaston , but the sage innocently looked skyward in the opposite direction .
tr	NN	More momentum ... just ... try faster .
tr	NN	Her passion and only hobby , which she allowed her to have was reading .
tr	NNS	Twelve seats , with a cloaked figure sitting on each .
tr	NNS	Images of forest animals amongst drooping trees dotted the large expanse .
tr	NN	Yet , the mundane clothing still felt natural to her .
tr	NNS	Her punches grew weaker , then ceased .
tr	NN	A wordless shriek of denial rose in Andrews 's throat as bright red stains blossomed across Kadie 's chest and belly .
tr	NN	"The cocky politician continues his speech , "" I think most of ya ´ ll know what I ´ m talking about . """
tr	NNS	Frayed bits of bleached fabric danced along the tops of her thighs in the slight evening breeze .
tr	NNS	""" Who were the actors you guys practiced on ? """
tr	NNS	Now all the responsibilities were on his shoulders and he shivered about her death and the thought of his new responsibilities .
tr	NNS	Others were unpredictable and their nightly routine varied from time to time .
tr	NNS	The suns vanished behind a burgundy veil .
tr	NN	Yet the ninja beside the Boy was not being as welcoming as Bluebeard might have expected .
tr	NN	""" The captain agreed to that ? """
tr	NN	Though one might think it would be the most enigmatic experience of man , the actuality of it was altogether dull .
tr	NN	The word infection popped up in his mind , then stayed there .
tr	NN	""" She ´ s liked you all this time , "" the traveler responds ."
tr	NN	No kidding , I thought .
tr	NNS	""" Animals seem to be very worried about the planet Earth ."
tr	NNS	However , while working drunk might be OK , driving drunk was not .
tr	NN	The whole concept of having a baby growing inside me had set in .
tr	NN	The dent under the blade continued to sink and sink until the blade suddenly broke through and kept going .
tr	NNS	""" Two burgers and a closed mouth coming up . """
tr	NNS	"The ceilings are too low . """
tr	NNS	Several figures appeared over the threshold and slowly crossed the polished floor .
tr	NN	It was an elaborate chocolate cake , artfully decorated in the kind of fanciful icing designs the gentry loved .
tr	NNS	Yet as soon as he joined Nikki in bed , the discomfort dissolved and barriers dropped .
tr	NNS	The teachers who had stood by during the entire recess time like obedient sentries hurried the stragglers in doors .
tr	NN	""" And coroner 's reports , with photos of the body ."
tr	NN	""" The map , "" I said to Tolliver ."
tr	NNS	Brisk winds have blown the rain clouds away , and the sky above is clear and blue .
tr	NN	""" The surgery was long , but the doctors said it was successful . """
tr	NN	Chance stammered a bit as she lowered .
tr	NNS	Instead , couples began standing up in their seats or wherever else there was space .
tr	NNS	The figures lined up and wobbled back into the clock .
tr	NN	The scowl hadn 't left his face since the mines , deepening whenever his eyes drifted in my direction .
tr	NN	Terror rushed up to replace her shock .
tr	NNS	""" The fathers of our forefathers told of another Magus also groomed to be an advisor to Emperors ."
tr	NN	Every square inch of you , Lily .
tr	NN	"I mean , hey , "" Ollie said sympathetically , "" I know he 's a little different , doesn 't exactly fit in around here ."
tr	NN	"Even scarier that no one else seemed to see it . """
tr	NNS	But still , in her experience , finding solutions to insoluble problems usually hinged on having more , not less , information .
tr	NN	"However , ' t is you who have most need of me at the moment . """
tr	NN	That inner core of Self could go only so deep .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and events are fictitious .
tr	NN	The mass moved and a head looked up .
tr	NN	The swelling illumination began to fill the room .
tr	NN	In a distant operating theater the surgeon , by hospital protocol , applied the defibrillation paddles to the chest one last time , without much hope .
tr	NNS	""" ID cards , "" Martina yelled back to us ."
tr	NN	A sticky mass fills up her mouth .
tr	NN	straight to the point , the sergeant did not mince his words , or meanings .
tr	NN	Still , there was something nagging me about the way Trish had been treating Stryker .
tr	NNS	Brian attempts say something , but he cannot manage any words past his muffled lips .
tr	NNS	Hendricks was the officer he had spoken to in the hospital when that nurse died - was killed - by Liz .
tr	NNS	The pirates did not even look at each other .
tr	NNS	Several dancers milled among the patrons , chatting , touching , taking them by the hand and leading them up a spiral staircase to private rooms .
tr	NNS	There was something magical about this moment .
tr	NN	""" A goddess can hope , at least . """
tr	NNS	More , her instincts seemed to scream .
tr	NNS	Tall streetlights whizzed past them , illuminating , then drowning in shadows .
tr	NNS	The items in my store have very specific uses .
tr	NNS	The elves were very long-lived and so had low fertility , as new individuals were not required as replacements very often .
tr	NNS	No pirates are that well outfitted or that strong in number .
tr	NNS	""" Folks back in Eclipse Bay always said that you were a different kind of Madison . """
tr	NN	Outside , dusk was fast approaching .
tr	NNS	Others wanted to feel alive .
tr	NN	The youth 's charm is infectious .
tr	NN	""" The gate master will see to it that the houses are rebuilt ."
tr	NNS	His deliveries had stopped since the Italian 's visit and there were no phone or video occurrences to speak of .
tr	NN	""" We 'll give your client fifteen minutes to show up , "" said the mayor ."
tr	NNS	There were no overhead light fixtures ; rays of sunlight poured in through tall windows along two adjacent sides of the room .
tr	NNS	Outside the window , pin-point pricks of brightness flickered against a blackness that seemed to be trying to claw its way into the room .
tr	NN	""" Who is that complete hunk of man meat with your son ? """
tr	NNS	His pupils turned luminous .
tr	NNS	A place users and dealers meet .
tr	NNS	A few drops of it had poured on the bed , though it didn 't seem as though it had been done so deliberately .
tr	NNS	Others simply didn 't see the problem for both races to live together in harmony and peace .
tr	NN	The hangover was easing , and she couldn 't wait to get back to the station .
tr	NN	Without trying her apartment first , gut instinct told Roman exactly where to find her .
tr	NN	The panel in the wall opened and he vanished .
tr	NN	' Three years ago the harbour had a hundred anchored ships in it .
tr	NN	""" How 's the milk ? """
tr	NN	The infection has spread faster than any other known disease .
tr	NN	The ape tugged and pulled at the stitching , several times sinking long teeth into the exterior .
tr	NNS	""" Why are the servants telling me you brought back a trophy from the north ? """
tr	NN	The ram charged him again , and Tarik dodged to one side .
tr	NNS	""" Solar winds , "" Timberlake whispered ."
tr	NNS	The Officials don 't think anything of it .
tr	NNS	The door slams shut .
tr	NN	Why had not the winged master come to the aid of its slaves when he struggled with them ?
tr	NNS	Doors entered these at intervals , but there were no windows .
tr	NN	Now the TV was showing pictures of military trucks .
tr	NN	There is a rustle of purses and jingle of coin as bets are made .
tr	NN	* * * Hamilton was monitoring his navigation display .
tr	NN	A ramp in the hallway made a sharp incline upward leading toward the sounds of fighting , but also to the light .
tr	NN	But the pen I 'd used as a stopper was still in place and the hidden door still slightly ajar as I had left it .
tr	NNS	New images are flashing before my eyes too fast .
tr	NN	The mound of used butts was huge .
tr	NNS	"The courts would never allow it . """
tr	NNS	Dragons cry only when they are in the deepest mourning or when they have committed a terrible betrayal .
tr	NN	' Well , his balance was higher than you 'd think , but then he hardly spends anything apart from on his books and his housekeeping . '
tr	NNS	"What is it that cats like better than mice ? """
tr	NNS	The political leaders put their thumbs down in protest .
tr	NN	The backseat felt delicious .
tr	NNS	Any changes in our atmospheric conditions can be very devastating .
tr	NNS	A second later , the first strains of Love Story strummed in the background .
tr	NN	A chord progression intentionally unfinished , build-up lacking resolution : it was almost unbearable , the thought of the missing final note .
tr	NNS	One stack was the evidence we had against him and the other were the papers Phillip had Paul draw up .
tr	NN	"Her tradition had always been to toast every victory with a small shot glass of the stuff she called "" liquid gold . """
tr	NNS	There were a few dilapidated bikes jutting at odd angles in the bike rack , two of them not even locked up .
tr	NN	""" Who 's Colt 's number one fan ? """
tr	NN	The entryway was clear .
tr	NNS	The curling strands of his chest hair seemed to scrape my sensitive nipples , but I rubbed myself against him anyway .
tr	NN	""" What sick bastard would hang something like that in an office ? """
tr	NNS	Angelus raised his hand , silencing me .
tr	NN	No more sponge baths .
tr	NNS	All the markings are consistent with your ' cleaning ' .
tr	NNS	Here the wares of the world were available for purchase .
tr	NN	The pen cracked in my hand .
tr	NN	Another bullet burned through the air , this time slicing past my ear and drawing blood .
tr	NNS	After a while her sobs turned to painful hiccups .
tr	NN	""" Your angel is not all-powerful , and he cannot see all things ."
tr	NN	A hidden compartment opened , and she extracted a miniature camera and a pair of thin , latex gloves .
tr	NN	"His body language changed and his tone became a defensive one , "" Whatever ."
tr	NN	her grandmother had chuffed at her .
tr	NN	The video wouldn 't show Butch purposely locking her in and ordering his dog to attack her .
tr	NNS	The nurses looked up in surprise .
tr	NN	The sheriff didn 't seem to be impressed .
tr	NN	""" Well , there is one other option . """
tr	NNS	Cadmus clenched his jaw .
tr	NN	He was beginning to suspect friendly and calm was Samantha 's default for when she was anything but .
tr	NN	"And that leap in the library - you reminded me of a great jungle cat - is that part of your heritage , too ? """
tr	NN	He then places his hands on top of my thighs , there 's a slight tremble in his fingers .
tr	NNS	Marius uttered foreign curses under his breath and tossed the gun into the back seat next to Haven .
tr	NNS	You called a few times , sent a few emails , then nothing .
tr	NNS	Still , despite my attempts to stop it , images of the found skulls entered my mind .
tr	NNS	Dogs are , by nature , creatures of instinct .
tr	NN	The clang of metal rang out over the courtyard and in a matter of moments an excited murmur rose .
tr	NNS	His pupils grew to enormous size as his fear became tangible .
tr	NN	A splinter hit my heart , and then another .
tr	NN	Her elation spread to encompass her entire body and she laughed in sheer bliss .
tr	NNS	""" Where are the planes ? """
tr	NN	There was a tiny compartment in the back .
tr	NNS	The twins are at the sidewalk , curiosity written all over their faces .
tr	NNS	Callum 's footsteps followed me .
tr	NNS	Things that get inside your skull and start gnawing .
tr	NN	She spoke softly , but her determination was unmistakable , a spine of steel wrapped in silk .
tr	NN	The neighbor next door might see it if he left it hanging that way .
tr	NN	This conflict led to the adoption of the military draft system .
tr	NN	His tribe lived in grass huts , built inside the earth .
tr	NNS	The other two gangs could only watch with frustration as all three dashed away .
tr	NN	Then from the end of the tube a valve opened .
tr	NN	My uncle nodded , and she smiled .
tr	NNS	A witch deals with things , said her Second Thoughts .
tr	NNS	""" Your grandparents use their money as a weapon ."
tr	NN	The beacon was much brighter now and the voice recognizable .
tr	NNS	The dwarves indulged in their classic head-butting to ensure that neither might have an advantage over the other in the brains department .
tr	NN	A clearing stood beyond , in the middle of which lay a great mound of wood .
tr	NN	The stench of unspeakably filthy dogs and the byproducts thereof , was overpowering in here .
tr	NNS	Thirty or more warriors had formed a solid shield wall at least five men deep .
tr	NNS	Upstairs , the floors were hard tile , but down in the secure wing plush carpet covered them .
tr	NN	The pilot will land in New Orleans for an errand , then he 'll take off for the island .
tr	NN	""" The coast , "" I said quickly before Dex actually filled them in ."
tr	NN	Apparently the unit commander must have sent a man or two to do the same on foot .
tr	NNS	Things only got worse after that .
tr	NNS	In the 1600s , over the course of decades , the wealthy and powerful Hungarian countess had tortured and killed many young girls .
tr	NN	The latest development was the stream of Ranger vehicles converging on the Residence .
tr	NNS	"The frames of the basement windows seemed quite ordinary and they were , but the panes of "" glass "" were actually quarter-inch thick pieces of polycarbonate ."
tr	NNS	The dark , familiar spaces enfolded him .
tr	NNS	If nothing else , these small signs refuted any doubts Horace still had about whether Harker , Todd , and Powell could be entangled together .
tr	NNS	Social media adds about fifty minutes to my daily downloads , and maybe only a percent of the information is something I 'd be able to use .
tr	NN	With no light and no gravity , chaos reigned aboard the Vampire asteroid .
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered and her vision dimmed .
tr	NNS	His sunglasses were crooked and cracked .
tr	NN	""" Pack leader of the Castellanos , "" Alejandro answered quietly ."
tr	NN	After another bend in the walkway , the unit found itself at the protective door to the twenties ' turret .
tr	NNS	Paintings and portraits hung on the walls , their gilded frames gleaming in the sunlight pouring in through the floor to ceiling windows .
tr	NNS	These items , however , were not his concern .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of a long , cool shower filled her head .
tr	NNS	"My sources can tell me little more than that . """
tr	NNS	""" Young ladies do not run around in their undergarments , no matter how much those undergarments may resemble regular clothing . """
tr	NNS	"A few bars of the corny song from her grade school years played in her mind : "" Seems it never rains in Southern California . """
tr	NN	There was a gap in the attacks , but they started up again earlier this year .
tr	NNS	As horses and riders rose to the black veil of sky , shouts of battle from below trailed away .
tr	NN	An angel of God told Saint Joseph in Bethlehem about Herod 's plan to kill Jesus so he took his family to Egypt .
tr	NN	The redhead threw back her head and bellowed her rusty laugh at the ceiling again .
tr	NN	Even her stint with the semi driver who 'd driven her to Phoenix seemed more like a dream .
tr	NNS	Others , like Brood , guess at what pleases me .
tr	NNS	Their bearings were equally striking .
tr	NN	The baron was still the best option for a swift and peaceful transition , one requiring no martyrs or heroes .
tr	NNS	Chapter 19 A Meeting at the Crossroads The companions burst through the trees and into the light at a reckless speed .
tr	NN	"There 's a lounge at the end of the hall and - "" "" I don 't give a damn about no lounge !"
tr	NN	"The bitch gave me a damn coupon book , like I 'm buying a car or something . """
tr	NNS	"The drugs they injected into your system would have killed you shortly after you arrived here . """
tr	NN	There was no proof the dragon was even in these parts anymore .
tr	NN	The town square was quaint , with tidy little shops framing City Hall in the center .
tr	NN	""" A cheeseburger sounds good ."
tr	NNS	""" Straker 's letters may have been a lie , but hers were not ."
tr	NN	The vicar was at his sentimental best and Matson was more than happy to tag along .
tr	NNS	Things like that don 't happen around here .
tr	NNS	Werewolf bites are nasty .
tr	NNS	Her mattress lay halfway off the bed .
tr	NNS	Natalie hugs a pillow like it was a body .
tr	NNS	The footsteps were loud , so whoever it was out there was not trying to sneak up on anybody .
tr	NN	His orgasm would last for several minutes .
tr	NN	Her balance seemed a little off as she wrapped her arms around her middle .
tr	NN	A paralysis so strong grips me I have to remind myself to breathe .
tr	NNS	Tris rolls her eyes .
tr	NN	""" Ok , thank you . """
tr	NN	Her agitation was convincing .
tr	NN	""" By the way , there 's a suitcase in the back of the car ."
tr	NN	His mental clarity is surprisingly sharp , and I believe now that his memories are the only things keeping him from going completely mad .
tr	NN	' I 'll take mine white with two sugars , ' Love said .
tr	NNS	Hands gripping him from underneath , grasping his legs .
tr	NN	Her reflection was unhappy as it looked back at her , but at least her appearance was flawless .
tr	NNS	Those personality changes can be as minor as toilet habits or food preferences , or as significant as views on child rearing , womanizing or physical abuse .
tr	NNS	Tomorrow , Sunday , the winds will be even worse , but by Monday night , the weather will gradually begin to improve .
tr	NNS	Even the characters would be unrecognizable to most .
tr	NNS	Her apples scattered across the car like billiard balls .
tr	NNS	Thoughts and feelings he wanted to share with Joni .
tr	NNS	The tunnels forked , and still I sped on at random , listening to the sounds of pursuit behind me .
tr	NNS	Though I made no sound , footsteps began to echo through the house , heading in my direction .
tr	NNS	Thin streams of light ebbed in through the roof too .
tr	NNS	Or those racer 's gloves , wrists upturned ; also black .
tr	NN	His bike looked new .
tr	NNS	His fingernails raked down Zane 's back .
tr	NNS	The colors twisted and churned until at last they burst into pure white light and from them walked The Mother herself , the Goddess Vesta .
tr	NNS	Onyx discs wreathed in ruby so bright they almost seemed to glow .
tr	NNS	Marius must have seen the look of fear on his face .
tr	NNS	Words from my counselor that had been nipping away at my subconscious suddenly bloomed into life right before my eyes .
tr	NN	A narrow stair , rough-hewn and cut from the stone of the mountain , led down beneath the keep .
tr	NNS	Lauren 's temples began to throb .
tr	NN	The other route was slightly longer , but with only two stop signs .
tr	NNS	I walked toward the door , my footsteps muffled by thick sculpted carpet .
tr	NN	If that was the case , the dragon would be close , too close for her to escape .
tr	NN	""" The Imperator has that power , and you hold a great deal of influence over the Imperator , "" the senator countered ."
tr	NN	By 1pm the pub had started to fill nicely .
tr	NN	""" That info could have been useful a few hours ago . """
tr	NNS	A dozen or so little goblin creatures screeched and chattered to one another in an incomprehensible language .
tr	NN	The mob in the square had grown larger as the initial winners of the lottery were about to be named .
tr	NNS	Romulus tossed Viktor a sphere wrapped in orange twine fitted with a small wick .
tr	NNS	"Wings is going East . """
tr	NNS	The emptiness closed around me like suffocating fumes .
tr	NNS	As I opened my mouth to reply , the batteries finally fizzled and died .
tr	NNS	But the bars gave and the door fell open , crashing down upon the limp corpse of the silver haired elf .
tr	NNS	My chains rattle from my trembling .
tr	NN	The secretary , who was around his mother 's age , but nowhere near as attractive , gave him a smug lip curl .
tr	NN	Again a flutter of indecision settled in his gut .
tr	NN	The back yard was essentially a long sweeping lawn with pockets of ruddy sand dunes and rocks running into the wild ocean .
tr	NNS	There were far too many swarms .
tr	NNS	Soldiers began filtering in , group by group until a sizable crowd had formed around the podium .
tr	NN	""" The grandmother is healthy as a horse , only that his brain has come to an end . """
tr	NN	His halo shone brighter , so bright that Anon 's body disappeared in the light .
tr	NN	The lively environment of The Whisperer offices was a buzzing hive of activity , populated by interesting characters and flirty ladies .
tr	NN	""" No context , "" he said ."
tr	NN	""" That is correct , Miss Waterman , I remember the problem , "" the sheriff stood up ."
tr	NN	His real daddy was some Thunderbolt pilot stationed up the Chesapeake Bay who came by the local airport doing landings during the war .
tr	NNS	Words like freaking out and hide things weren 't his favorites .
tr	NNS	Others believed that all life deserved to live free among the humans .
tr	NNS	There are no restrictions on this case .
tr	NN	"How much Ethan , your father 's partner in crime , took from your father to make you immortal ? """
tr	NNS	The possibilities for failure made me cringe .
tr	NN	Our marathon watching weekends were full of fun , laughter and drama .
tr	NN	Maybe the upper pane slid down over the lower pane , too .
tr	NNS	But bits of bark and tinder they 'd collected off the earthen floor worked .
tr	NNS	The signs of her aroused body had been staring him in the face , making it even harder to leave her room .
tr	NNS	Four fights broke out after we camped because everybody 's temper was so short .
tr	NNS	Images battered her mind .
tr	NN	Go figure , there was a gentleman in there somewhere .
tr	NN	The petite brunette rose from her seat , turning to face Carly .
tr	NNS	My minds starts to drift , remembering the way he would touch me , kiss me , his smell , his laugh ... his infectious laugh .
tr	NNS	Just remember , fairy tales do happen .
tr	NN	Perhaps meddling with nobles and royals was not such a pleasurable pastime as it appeared .
tr	NNS	Diggs followed me over , but I noticed that he was careful not to stand too close when I turned to face him .
tr	NNS	The other passengers scurried to their feet and busied themselves getting their luggage .
tr	NNS	Or maybe his skills were simply fading .
tr	NNS	My siblings , mother , and a layer of servants surrounded him , trying to make sense of the situation .
tr	NN	""" Very good , sir , "" the corporal replied timidly ."
tr	NN	A roar escaped him ; he completely lost his hold on me as he beat at the small flame against his neck .
tr	NN	The golem released his grip .
tr	NN	In the doorway , Franco 's cute secretary watched the encounter .
tr	NN	The maid shook her head .
tr	NN	"Our goal is one and the same . """
tr	NNS	Things that didn 't scare her , but turned her on .
tr	NNS	His locks have grown and it 's too long , too incredibly sexy .
tr	NNS	Meanwhile the fight downstairs proceeded .
tr	NN	' On balance , the arrangement does not seem completely uneven .
tr	NNS	His preparations were complete , and nothing could stop him now .
tr	NNS	Morley 's vampire followers didn 't seem especially happy about her act of kindness .
tr	NNS	"The opening bars of "" Over the Rainbow "" played ."
tr	NNS	Those materials were very uncomfortable and scratchy especially when they were new .
tr	NNS	Starbucks drops a sickle and goes for the shotgun , but my laser rifle is already raised .
tr	NN	A thin layer of blue light shimmered across her skin .
tr	NNS	The few inches of reddish , peachy fuzz dusting his chin at least showed that he had made the effort to be pious .
tr	NN	In the end , the consensus was to eat , sleep , send out several scouts , and make a plan in the morning .
tr	NN	The momentum of it all was so powerful that effortlessly both of them changed positions .
tr	NNS	Family courts with kids aren 't something I agree to deal with .
tr	NNS	The companions scrambled over the ridge and descended the other side of the rise towards the sacrificial stone .
tr	NNS	The lucky creatures couldn 't understand more than a handful of words , one of which was good .
tr	NNS	Things in my life are always complicated .
tr	NNS	The Three Orders began to mumble .
tr	NNS	"Things are going pretty well . """
tr	NN	* She is not different , * the spider replied .
tr	NNS	There were no boats , life vests , not even water wings .
tr	NNS	Muffy 's barks echoed from the bathroom , and Jennifer could hear the infernal ringing of the bathtub .
tr	NN	Each young brave went on his own conviction , running through the cane line .
tr	NNS	The villagers also quieted their voices in respectful approval of Eli 's decision .
tr	NN	' All ignition switches off . '
tr	NN	The model selected by the agency was in her late thirties .
tr	NNS	"Others stayed behind , and when the Sioux sent ten chiefs to try a second time to negotiate for peace , the Hurons killed them too . """
tr	NNS	The Invictus pairs knew that as well .
tr	NN	A fire pit was just off the path , and behind it was a clearing with two small huts .
tr	NNS	The spotlights trailed over the crowd until they reached the stage and the lead singer .
tr	NNS	Max 's glucose levels were fine ; he was sleeping soundly .
tr	NN	The fastest option at that point had been to hire a hack and Stokes had left promptly to do so .
tr	NNS	But the little creatures hadn 't disappeared .
tr	NNS	Their footsteps echo against the wooden floorboards , and Zion 's hand tightens in hers as they approach the stairs .
tr	NN	Oh , the thrill as something succumbed to nothingness !
tr	NN	A gentleman would walk away .
tr	NN	""" The colonel may have believed you , but I certainly don 't ."
tr	NNS	Muscles in his back eased a little .
tr	NN	""" There is a clearing below the Fortress ."
tr	NNS	The footsteps , which had been rushing closer , came to an abrupt halt in the doorway .
tr	NN	"This pattern we strive to create is the only one I see that will allow the Order to survive . """
tr	NN	His morning ritual accomplished , he whistled in the dogs , watching the scene above him while he waited for them .
tr	NN	Always the terrible hunger consuming him .
tr	NN	As usual , the idiot didn 't answer .
tr	NN	"The cart is for the meantime . """
tr	NNS	""" The negative vibes are going to be cleared out of this room in just a few seconds . """
tr	NNS	The pirates shielded their eyes as they ran back to their ship .
tr	NNS	At least those cookies had fiber in them .
tr	NN	Gypsy slithered upright to the walkway door .
tr	NNS	His instincts pushed him on and he knew when he found the right door .
tr	NN	The scathing look he gave me suggested , however , that he found as little pleasure in me as I did in him .
tr	NN	But Link didn 't hesitate .
tr	NNS	There were no sharp edges to Francesca , only a whisper of sound as she moved .
tr	NNS	"The lonely , haunting strains of "" Hotel California "" filled the car ."
tr	NNS	Well , mostly , there were a few changes that were frightening and unsettling .
tr	NN	Part of me wanted to think so .
tr	NN	"The mere chaos will feed into their frenzy . """
tr	NN	A bullock cart stood beside one fire , stacked high with refuse .
tr	NN	A dread came over me .
tr	NNS	Primal instincts kicked in .
tr	NNS	""" Questions are the source of knowledge ."
tr	NNS	""" There are two more areas that you will be training in ."
tr	NN	The smoothly curved chin , suspended above a gloriously white neck .
tr	NN	The CD player in the other room offered a classical medley .
tr	NN	The sob that filled the bathroom was mine .
tr	NN	Lightning flashed across the sky , lit up the ground to reveal the small river of blood .
tr	NN	Her pulse dropped suddenly back to normal .
tr	NNS	Blood drops on the carpet -- Moon 's I hope -- provided a perfect tracking trail .
tr	NNS	Things are different down here .
tr	NN	And maybe that last tape is still inside .
tr	NNS	"Bad ideas get people killed , understand ? """
tr	NN	Naomi 's suitcase was in a completely different place now .
tr	NN	Inside the coals was her cast-iron pot buried so deep that it was barely visible .
tr	NN	Still , her sister 's recovery was progressing slowly but surely , with Michael always nearby if she needed him , a solid and unobtrusive friend .
tr	NNS	The three passengers braced themselves for the impact .
tr	NN	A single stroke of his hand up her thigh and under her gown reminded Myra of where she was .
tr	NN	A puff of snow blew from the roof of the car , temporarily blinding her .
tr	NN	""" That reasoning was kind of dodgy . """
tr	NN	Matthew waited , his pulse pounding .
tr	NN	A low , murmuring growl , like a dozen voices speaking at once , rolled through the trees .
tr	NNS	Even though we knew what the risks were .
tr	NNS	The apartments are for humans . '
tr	NNS	His qualities intimidate me , which makes me even more scared .
tr	NN	""" He does look rather fit , "" the colonel said ."
tr	NN	There was no escaping what had to be faced .
tr	NNS	Antiques stores , art galleries , jewelers , gift shops , bookstores , and restaurants abounded .
tr	NN	""" This parchment is part of an ancient book , a book that has been lost for many many years now ."
tr	NNS	The summers in Milford were not quite so peaceful .
tr	NN	There 's a new player in the game .
tr	NNS	There were streams and fields and even mountains beyond all of that .
tr	NNS	' The processes are very , very , very ... difficult . '
tr	NN	"The trick is to have the surfactant to keep them from becoming a glob , which wouldn 't work so well . """
tr	NN	He couldn , t look at her .
tr	NNS	Others , too few others , avoided my gaze as if embarrassed or ashamed .
tr	NNS	Animals and birds scurried away as he passed .
tr	NN	""" Yes , partner Elijah . """
tr	NNS	But by that age , the differences between us were becoming apparent .
tr	NN	Every inch of skin seared like it was on fire , pleading for his touch .
tr	NN	The angel runs through the forest , across a bridge stretching over a fiery river until she is trapped upon a steep cliff .
tr	NN	A blush crept up my neck and plastered my face in crimson .
tr	NN	A massive lavender rose window stood on the far side of the room .
tr	NNS	Diggs continued studying the photos , but my attention had shifted back to Hammond .
tr	NN	As much as I wish it wouldn 't , my pulse quickens at the thought .
tr	NN	And the Chandler brothers ' coin toss had certainly mixed up her life and emotions in a way she 'd never imagined possible .
tr	NNS	Romulus retreated into the corner of the Den and returned with two shovels .
tr	NNS	Their seats would indeed be the envy of everyone present , but they 'd earned them with blood , sweat and loyalty .
tr	NNS	Cars were parking , and people were exiting them in ravishing attire .
tr	NN	Its peak rose like a cone , high into the sky , tapering off into a wavering streak that stretched far up into the stratosphere .
tr	NN	The scarlet robe signifies your willingness to sacrifice yourself for God 's purpose .
tr	NN	The dragon brought her around so he could look directly at her .
tr	NN	""" My warrior woman . """
tr	NN	""" A couple days later , the corporate attorney visited me and gave me the HR song and dance about the Jakarta office ."
tr	NNS	Iron chandeliers cast light and shadow throughout the main chamber in which she stood .
tr	NNS	The whispers were coming from the other side of the curtains hanging from my bed , and they weren 't voices I recognized .
tr	NN	The video began to play and there was Lucy Taylor on her back , naked as the day she was born .
tr	NNS	Others are surprised too .
tr	NN	""" The maternal instinct never dies ."
tr	NN	The assessment of Ross would , he felt , be reassuring to the Board .
tr	NN	His pulse ramped with adrenaline .
tr	NN	"As will his lordship when he returns . """
tr	NN	""" We already decided that , "" Chance said , tilting his head toward Shannon ."
tr	NNS	"Things are happening for a reason . """
tr	NNS	Their efforts yielded great effect , and soon , a renaissance of entrepreneurship and hope grew among the people .
tr	NNS	The scales of that strange color she could not define were her sky .
tr	NN	The smells were making him desperate for food .
tr	NNS	demanded Abraham , trying to stand up , yet the tightness in his chest kept him seated .
tr	NN	The canoe was also turning .
tr	NN	After waiting three days , however , his resolve was beginning to waver .
tr	NNS	The gears in her mind spun with what to tell him .
tr	NNS	""" There are two possibilities , and both of them are awful ."
tr	NN	Every nerve jumped to high alert as I cleared my throat .
tr	NNS	The strings trembled under his fingers .
tr	NN	""" As much as I hate to say it , the coven is the only lead we 've got . """
tr	NNS	Energy jolts through my body and the ground trembles .
tr	NN	After we prepared everything , the warrior told us to get ready .
tr	NNS	The images were the blood , the culmination of all Miquel .
tr	NNS	There was his shyness , for another thing .
tr	NNS	Up above , two squirrels scamper across the canopy , causing dead leaves to flutter down as the sky makes the transition from dark to light .
tr	NN	The leopard remained unaware as it feasted on the Israeli .
tr	NNS	""" Families are a lot of work ."
tr	NNS	Initial meetings with newly appointed stakeholders often carried complex undercurrents as various factions jostled to establish their influence .
tr	NN	The photograph vanished , just as Dad 's picture had earlier , in the cafe .
tr	NN	The young Prince moved into the chamber and sat on a chair with a soft cushion .
tr	NN	It is enough to say Reynolds couldn , t endure the agony .
tr	NNS	Tandy 's actions do not accord with those of a habitual drunkard .
tr	NNS	Her acting skills were pretty decent .
tr	NNS	His eyelids become heavy and he drops his voice to a whisper .
tr	NN	His command was shocking and it was said in a voice that was dangerous and chock full of meaning .
tr	NN	Her dad stood behind , boot raised , primed to kick .
tr	NN	The hermit stopped in his tracks and turned again , with his usual air of omniscience .
tr	NN	Immediately inclination told him to leave unobserved , as he had approached .
tr	NN	My insanity raged against reality .
tr	NNS	"How were your classes ? """
tr	NN	On the verge of passing out , electricity passes between us and flings us apart .
tr	NNS	The summers were , made by the concrete , infernal .
tr	NN	From out of the mist , a small canoe made its way toward them .
tr	NNS	Did ghosts even have bare knuckles ?
tr	NNS	Soft , teasing kisses as he worked his way higher .
tr	NNS	She watched his face as he worked , studied the planes of his cheeks , the firm set to his lips .
tr	NNS	"How are the creatures to be managed ? """
tr	NN	Love pressed the button and a moment later it arrived .
tr	NNS	The images of the murder itself were very detailed , unlike anything her imagination could conjure up .
tr	NN	The wraith suddenly sank within Samuel , clearly being absorbed by him .
tr	NN	A trickle of water ran down one crusted wall .
tr	NN	The turret where he and his men had last been wrapped around him like a blanket .
tr	NN	His cart is still empty but he follows me to the next aisle .
tr	NN	""" What 's a garter ? """
tr	NN	"What is this map ? """
tr	NN	His command was stronger this time .
tr	NN	The applause rose to a peak with this gesture , then settled back down to mere thunder once more .
tr	NNS	No promises , no entanglements , and he 'd sleep hard in reward .
tr	NNS	The sirens started to blare , which should have scared her , except that they were the only thing that gave her any hope .
tr	NNS	"Hephaestus leaned toward Zeus and whispered , "" Come on , man . """
tr	NNS	Black spots swim across my field of vision , and I think there 's a really good chance I could faint .
tr	NNS	Such stillness Reyes could not even form the will to breathe .
tr	NNS	""" Their contents stand , whether you sanction them or not ."
tr	NNS	Animals , mostly , bears , rabbits , and ducks , although I also spotted an image of Coyote in the mix .
tr	NN	The lieutenant and his commander stared at the three children .
tr	NN	An eternity passed for him , but slowly he felt as he regained his self control .
tr	NNS	"I know anyone that goes Aggro just goes , there are no symptoms . """
tr	NN	The tail on the mermaid was a perfect blue sapphire .
tr	NNS	Out of this forest , five cloaked figures entered the village .
tr	NN	"The sin was not all on his side , and I have been punished . """
tr	NN	Our Prince was a great man and saw far into the future .
tr	NNS	In the barn , the villagers cheered at this bravado and hammered their cups on the tables .
tr	NNS	His preternatural instincts objected to the short dash through the open to the sheltering shadows at the side of the house .
tr	NN	His whole bearing bespoke a deep pleasure as he took Karen 's hands .
tr	NNS	He hoped she 'd stay , hoped they could explore the possibilities .
tr	NNS	Barnabas stood behind him , a worry too deep for a mere seventeen years showing heavy on him .
tr	NNS	Had the pirates removed it and put it within another container ?
tr	NN	His warm chuckle filled the electrically charged air between them .
tr	NN	As men came running out of the burning warehouse , another observer hid in the shadows and watched the chaos .
tr	NN	Perhaps a psychiatrist might have had something to say about a musical instrument that built a wall between the player and the rest of the world .
tr	NN	Trisha Montgomery 's description was right .
tr	NNS	The twins had matching cribs in a bedroom that had been converted to a full-fledged nursery .
tr	NN	My supervisor is off .
tr	NNS	All the members are mostly the top in any fields .
tr	NNS	Others had borne even greater losses .
tr	NN	Terror surged within her and suddenly the tent disappeared into a black chasm .
tr	NN	""" The coast is clear ."
tr	NN	Love smiled and turned away .
tr	NN	The steam fogged up the mirror and I used my hand to get a clear look at myself .
tr	NNS	Things just weren 't working out , but they were afraid to increase their allotment without getting a direct approval from the Lord .
tr	NNS	Lights burst before my eyes as my head smacked against the stone wall .
tr	NN	His darling did no such thing .
tr	NNS	Her cheekbones had more definition than Reece believed was possible .
tr	NN	My pulse picked up and I felt sweat dotting my brow .
tr	NNS	The other couples lingering in the night air appeared not to notice their presence .
tr	NNS	The hills of Saint Peter were as white as the heart of Saint Stephen , whose birthday was celebrated today .
tr	NNS	The drums stopped without warning , and the silence was a painful scraping over her senses , over her skin .
tr	NN	The diary had brought her back to Jude .
tr	NN	A glint of annoyance showed in his eyes .
tr	NNS	Our shares took a tumble and this rattled the board members .
tr	NN	A sob escapes me .
tr	NN	The sea woman dreamily , delicately , licked away the wine .
tr	NNS	""" Told you classes were dangerous ."
tr	NN	"The forest will tend to the bodies , "" Song said softly ."
tr	NN	Terror swept through the hall .
tr	NNS	Her suits hung on her because she 'd lost weight before Christmas , fighting off a serious infection .
tr	NN	Aside from being large enough to fill the doorway , the headstone was the same .
tr	NN	There was a faint click from the lock .
tr	NNS	""" Two bits , "" said the boy , poking at his broken front teeth with a sliver of wood ."
tr	NNS	Though he hadn 't taken his hungry gaze off her , and though he clearly approved of the way she looked , her insecurities came rushing back .
tr	NNS	There were murmurs of assent .
tr	NN	A blond curl fell on her shoulder like a spill of moonlight .
tr	NNS	But your actions have turned a little right into a great wrong .
tr	NN	There is also a randomizer option .
tr	NNS	""" Opposite directions , "" Ethan said ."
tr	NN	The restaurant valet pulled open the door for me .
tr	NNS	Those images had come from her dreams .
tr	NNS	The remaining warriors held their tongues .
tr	NN	""" The Tin Egg 's almost totally dependent on computer function ."
tr	NNS	Huge paws replaced little ones .
tr	NN	The redhead turned and fled into the depths of the hotel .
tr	NNS	Cars spewed through the base front gate and into the civilian world as the workday ended .
tr	NN	Throughout the village , the general consensus on Councillor Edward Scampi is a straight yea or nay .
tr	NNS	Trust yourselves , trust each other , and trust love .
tr	NNS	Others needed to feel like they were making the world a little safer .
tr	NN	Therefore , the belle saved her beau , her designated Sine , before the disaster .
tr	NN	Another deep shuddering boom filled the chamber as the gong was struck again .
tr	NNS	Buffalo hides hung from the walls , alternating with blankets appearing to be Indian design .
tr	NN	But her lust was not his lust .
tr	NNS	Then , images flashed through his mind of Monika ... Monika , scratching that little spot .
tr	NN	The homecoming was so sweet and sharp she swallowed a sudden lump in her throat .
tr	NNS	There were drops of blood on the floor that lead to the front door of her place .
tr	NNS	A dozen cameras zoomed in on them from afar , though Angelina and Sam had no idea millions over the world were watching them .
tr	NN	The inspector looked at the stew and his stomach turned upside down .
tr	NN	""" What did the captain say about me ? """
tr	NNS	The duchess pinned the gentleman in question with a dangerous stare .
tr	NN	If you have been resident there and owned the shares for less than six months there is a liability for capital gains tax .
tr	NNS	Questions popped into his mind like bubbles to the surface of lemonade .
tr	NN	"Their innocence is addicting , their hope is catching and I 'm happy to be surrounded by them . """
tr	NN	""" My uncle will abdicate in my favor ."
tr	NNS	Two members of the Pentagon Protection Force checked their kit , took their paperwork and fake IDs , and consulted the day 's roster .
tr	NNS	""" All of the pictures of you with models and actresses ... "" "" Things are not always what they seem . """
tr	NN	Was this strange pulse a thing for which the brains were unprepared ?
tr	NN	Your obligation tripped all over a man I consider a brother .
tr	NNS	Words floated through his mind , filtering through the haze .
tr	NN	It 's red liquid began meandering down his thin index finger .
tr	NNS	Things have got really complicated here - I 'll need a holiday whatever happens .
tr	NN	""" What is the wisdom in it ? """
tr	NNS	Two attendants squeaked in .
tr	NN	The faint stirring was as much as he could muster from her , and Charlie 's heart sank slowly as the embrace continued .
tr	NNS	But the ideas themselves are just ideas .
tr	NN	Bad habit like an itch has its own inherent pleasure .
tr	NN	The second map shows the destination .
tr	NN	The second bra was more lightweight and had a lace trim across the top .
tr	NN	The master can 't live in the house and it will fall into ruins unless he sells it .
tr	NN	The leader focused on him .
tr	NNS	Things might have gone quite differently if I had been .
tr	NN	""" His coach cal ed a team meeting ."
tr	NNS	The twins were standing to either side of Kevin , dressed identically but easily distinguishable by the looks on their faces .
tr	NN	Cassidy got paler , if that was possible .
tr	NN	""" The old motto ' if we build it nobody will come , ' I suppose would be the end result . """
tr	NN	The stone pavement felt cold as I dropped to my knees .
tr	NN	The creak of the door caused her to turn back as Mary poked her head out again .
tr	NNS	All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional , and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental .
tr	NN	Death of those I loved .
tr	NN	A long , spiraled cable ran from the headset to one of the monitoring boxes on the table .
tr	NNS	""" How are preparations coming along for the trip ? """
tr	NN	Work , and Crystal , and school , and the quarry all blurring into one .
tr	NN	He tilted the bottle back , took a swig .
tr	NN	""" How 'd the initiation go ?"
tr	NNS	""" But these websites are toxic and gossipy ."
tr	NNS	Apparently , al ' Thor had said little of what had happened .
tr	NNS	Evidently , some varieties of bugs wore their bones on the outside of their bodies rather than the inside .
tr	NN	My adrenaline spikes as I sink in my seat .
tr	NNS	The drums came through the speakers like synchronized thunder .
tr	NNS	The goblins closed in on him , bloodthirsty as ever .
tr	NN	The only adrenaline rushes and fear stricken inside my body were the simulation games at the arcades and friends ' houses that Angel dragged me to .
tr	NNS	The white cabinets and Wedgwood blue trim gave the illusion of a cheerful home .
tr	NNS	Still , his boldness accompanied a strange and dangerous naiveté that did not allow him to appreciate the full consequences of his actions at times .
tr	NN	There was a yellow haze at the far end of the valley , and clouds between the peaks .
tr	NNS	""" There 's a great Italian place downstairs ."
tr	NN	""" Yes , but I 'm sure word will be out soon enough , "" the captain alleged as Rose nodded with understanding ."
tr	NN	The singer launched into song .
tr	NN	There was a clink of metal as the shadowy watchman lifted a dark lantern and opened its little door .
tr	NNS	And there is antique Salem with its brooding years , and spectral Marblehead scaling its rocky precipices into past centuries !
tr	NNS	More footsteps sounded , and another light approached .
tr	NN	The silver knight grinned .
tr	NNS	"But two nurses just tried to kidnap me , and my sister is missing from her room . """
tr	NN	And the barbarian trotted off down the street as she hung back to allow him to get ahead of her .
tr	NNS	There were fathers arguing with sons .
tr	NN	Our only requirement was to be home in time for dinner .
tr	NNS	"Looks to me like you 've got everyone wrapped around your little finger . """
tr	NN	When Mr. Conklin took the stand and testified that the knives were Cronin 's , Maggie 's quiet weeping was like a buzz in Dan 's ear .
tr	NN	And so fucking confused .
tr	NN	The tin motioned towards the envelope .
tr	NNS	There are small differences like the incense , use of icons instead of statues , and , more significant , the absence of purgatory .
tr	NNS	All characters and events in this publication are fictitious , and any resemblance to real persons , living or dead , or real events are entirely coincidental .
tr	NN	It 's crap , Jazz told herself .
tr	NN	The matron turned to a man who stood a small distance away with his hands clasped behind his back .
tr	NN	Her pulse picked up speed .
tr	NNS	Many carts used to travel this way and the roads were carefully tended .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of it ran through his mind as he flung up the hook and began to climb .
tr	NN	The audience melted away before he was finished with his sentence .
tr	NN	His hesitation had been costly .
tr	NNS	Samuels took the glass from Annie 's hand , giving her one of his quick smiles .
tr	NN	Is everything Ok there ?
tr	NNS	Flames devoured someone who screamed my name .
tr	NN	""" That bastard thinks he 's something else . """
tr	NNS	The drones regrouped , leaving only one stil holding Alexia while two went back on the defensive , facing off against the new threat .
tr	NN	The young colony has been suffering raids on its incoming and outgoing cargo vessels .
tr	NNS	But the pills make it easier to accept .
tr	NNS	"My companions here will start to care for the vessels . """
tr	NN	My lady 's maid does not even pretend to answer my summons .
tr	NN	""" First , let me offer our deepest sympathy for the untimely death of your husband and also Cathy 's traumatic surgery , "" the principal continued ."
tr	NN	"It seemed like , I don 't know , there was a little spark or something there last night . """
tr	NNS	Ahead of us , at the mouth of the lobby , two more dark figures appeared .
tr	NN	His chat is uncommonly amusing .
tr	NNS	There are a third of a million cases every year that are not famous .
tr	NNS	And every time she was near me , my worries seemed to disappear .
tr	NN	With stars winking overhead , the backdrop of the opaque night ocean would set the romantic mood well enough .
tr	NNS	Warrior sprites attempted to make their way , flying over the crowd in the direction of this sudden disturbance , even as others retreated .
tr	NNS	Soldiers dressed in fatigues and armed with automatic weapons stood watching the activity and guarding the store .
tr	NN	"A tenant can also leave of their own free will . """
tr	NNS	Things can mean more than one thing .
tr	NN	A stylist was the one person you could pour out all your secrets to .
tr	NN	""" Third degree is a bitch . """
tr	NNS	Lots for six mil , and that doesn 't include the requisite mansion .
tr	NN	""" Every colony had an economic model ."
tr	NN	God 's restoration had apparently been complete for both of them .
tr	NNS	These objects were useless to him .
tr	NN	As she spoke , a prickle of fear crawled across my neck .
tr	NNS	Reyes sat at a small glass table , one knee crossed over the other .
tr	NN	Only the core of Ryan 's selected scientists from over the years , thirty-six very clever men and women , attended the second meeting .
tr	NN	The hunger is already kindling inside of me , growing louder .
tr	NN	There was a twinkle in his eye when he replied .
tr	NNS	Just below the metal frame of the bed stead , inches from where his head had been , was a black plastic box neatly tapped underneath .
tr	NN	Down the corridor the mellow jazz of the Oscar Peterson Trio filled Brady 's office .
tr	NNS	The breaks in the security light created a composite 3-dimensional image of a person making their way down from the roof .
tr	NNS	Looks like he was wrong , but why would I have taken them ?
tr	NN	The switchboard operator angered him further by admitting she 'd accidently cut the caller off .
tr	NNS	Parts of me had filled out more while other parts had tightened .
tr	NNS	The elderly ladies and the cyclist had gone .
tr	NNS	New mothers and older grandmothers received baskets of fruit .
tr	NN	The spectrum began with brown ; the outer being , the state of being alive in the world .
tr	NNS	What gorillas give food ?
tr	NNS	There were footsteps and a muffled laugh .
tr	NNS	One small Bee stepped into the circle .
tr	NNS	No one shares my candy stash , least of all a Clone Wars reject sure to earn me a demotion .
tr	NNS	Crazed creatures and deranged dead were beyond belief for any sane person to accept .
tr	NNS	""" Do tests bother you ? """
tr	NNS	There were ferns and grass to her right .
tr	NN	Blasting up through the cracks in the earth , the lava pours out in a specific shape , gradually forming a rectangular cage of molten liquid .
tr	NNS	Two small objects fell from the jersey as I tossed it towards Theo , and I bent to retrieve them .
tr	NNS	Myles allowed himself to be led away with tears of despair running down his face .
tr	NN	His white T-shirt strained over his well-developed chest , and he seemed gleefully conscious of that fact .
tr	NNS	Seven horn blasts in total sounded from the mainland .
tr	NN	His sister 's body language screamed tension .
tr	NN	The giant snake bores its hypnotic eyes into his .
tr	NNS	The timed streetlights spilled across the street , creating shadows on the hard pavement .
tr	NN	""" Nothin ' , "" I said ."
tr	NN	My appetite kept my mouth too full to talk .
tr	NN	The stench was worse than ever when she turned the top slat aside .
tr	NNS	Jewels shone upon fields of precious metal bright as stars , black as onyx .
tr	NN	A network of silvery veins existed under the semi-transparent shell .
tr	NN	His only passion was psychic research .
tr	NNS	Hands pressed in closer , cutting off my air .
tr	NNS	Behind us , the sirens were close and getting closer .
tr	NN	Zola 's agitation matched the level of Joe B. 's disdain .
tr	NN	The girl final y smiled .
tr	NNS	The murders are all on me .
tr	NN	A rumbling cart , driven by a madman , swept between us .
tr	NNS	""" The little blue pills , "" I said , my head still quite fuzzy ."
tr	NN	""" Maybe the policeman will want some ."
tr	NN	The painful pinch of fear rose in his stomach , as he began to collect unfriendly glances from the men standing around .
tr	NN	The chaos would someday make perfect sense .
tr	NNS	But first , there was Wednesday poached eggs with Caridad , a tradition that now went back more than a decade .
tr	NN	In the 1990s , the author had twenty-one articles published , both nationally and internationally .
tr	NNS	Vivid images of what she turned in to flashed through her mind .
tr	NNS	Worry masks his face and his dark hair is all over the place , a stress tick .
tr	NN	Come into my parlor , said the spider to the fly .
tr	NN	The goddess counts the years , at the beginning .
tr	NN	Opening up the store had been a risk .
tr	NN	Her palette lay upside down on the bed .
tr	NNS	""" Two tickets , home team side , as close to the dugout as we can get . """
tr	NN	And by the way , we ' l have an eye on you , because of your little query .
tr	NNS	Playing Wii sports wasn 't going to cut it .
tr	NN	""" All this progress and only the third day of your breakthrough , "" Dr. Riley says as she nods and widens her eyes ."
tr	NNS	Our colors repelled each other .
tr	NNS	The sirens speak in unison .
tr	NN	The captain of the vessel would have helped her unless something spooked her .
tr	NN	"She has done our family proud , "" stated the ambassador ."
tr	NN	Love is a conquest .
tr	NNS	Above his head , the strips of fluorescent lights flickered .
tr	NN	""" There was no trick involved ."
tr	NNS	In reality , his actions were too fast for the human eye to keep up with .
tr	NNS	Classes are starting , and I 'm late .
tr	NNS	As far as he was concerned , such legends were competition , and needed to be silenced .
tr	NN	The method of choice was to place a marker in the form of an implant on every individual .
tr	NN	A roar started in her ears , her pulse louder than the waves rushing in with inevitability .
tr	NN	Her reflection stared excitedly back at her .
tr	NN	The realisation hits me with a dull thud .
tr	NN	"Strangely , this anomaly was harder than the ice surrounding it . """
tr	NN	The stench came from above .
tr	NN	Her melody was strange , hypnotic and languorous .
tr	NNS	""" So will these grade five cards enhance our lives ?"
tr	NN	The foliage had thickened since she 'd last been out here , or at least it seemed that way .
tr	NN	"One goodnight kiss . """
tr	NN	"What a great honor to have you visiting us today . """
tr	NN	The cool liquid relieving my ache reminded me of my revelation in the bathroom .
tr	NN	My hands slide beneath his shirt and his skin is so smooth and warm against my fingertips .
tr	NNS	His cheekbones seemed to strain against his skin and his lips drew into a fine , hard line .
tr	NNS	""" Great minds , "" John said as he kissed Alexis ' cheek ."
tr	NN	The eternal Self slays not , nor is ever slain .
tr	NN	At the back of the house was a box van , probably a 3.1 / 2 ton model Mercedes , or something similar .
tr	NN	""" A powder my body produces just for you . """
tr	NN	His thrust became harder , and finally , he was deep inside me .
tr	NNS	The night patrols were unmarked cars .
tr	NN	Fresh adrenaline made it possible for her to scramble to her feet , despite the pain the movement caused her scraped and bruised body .
tr	NN	Their last exchange hadn 't been good .
tr	NNS	""" Oh , and delicious ones ; two Hunters , no less , "" the creatures looks at Will with a mixture of puzzlement and surprise ."
tr	NNS	The goggles were able to perceive this spectrum of light , turning the world into a grayscale shadow of its former brightness .
tr	NNS	Simply out of basic need , all creatures figure out their own technique .
tr	NN	But her determination to do so warmed his heart .
tr	NN	The redhead walked away .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Savannah continued to occupy his mind , and he found himself wondering where she was and if she was doing okay .
tr	NNS	"The other objects should continue to function very well . """
tr	NNS	Prolonged whispers echo in the crypt like those of the wind finding its way through a dense forest .
tr	NNS	Others were hiding behind cars , banging on doors , or just wandering aimlessly .
tr	NN	Part of him wished she would let go and release all that guilt and fear .
tr	NN	With any luck , though , the holding pattern wouldn 't have to continue much longer .
tr	NNS	Waves of dark hair spilled around her face and down her shoulders .
tr	NNS	His companions ate with gusto , drowning out the bland tastes with liberal quantities of vodka .
tr	NNS	The twins took steps without even bothering to consult with me .
tr	NN	If he let her get the upper hand , his fiery Rory would overwhelm and destroy him without even trying .
tr	NNS	Hands flying , animated , she was clearly in her element when discussing her business .
tr	NNS	Waves tumbled over his forehead , brushing the graceful arches of his brows .
tr	NN	""" Well , now , "" his uncle said enthusiastically ."
tr	NNS	Two wolves inched in around him , and advanced toward me intent on harm .
tr	NNS	Her shoulder-length locks offered an enticing bonus of softness .
tr	NNS	Several bright drops of blood splattered onto the ground .
tr	NNS	The three not so wise detectives began to throw ideas around , stimulated by Prentice .
tr	NN	The lace on the bodice and along the neckline was finely detailed : every stitch stood out .
tr	NN	""" You need to read quickly , my weave won 't last long . """
tr	NN	""" A quick injection , Pleasure dies of cardiac arrest , and it looks like natural causes ."
tr	NN	"The last batch almost broke my tooth . """
tr	NNS	Others shout and mumble in agreement .
tr	NNS	The standard big box stores anchor each end , with a lot of lady apparel stores in between .
tr	NNS	The warriors had terrified her , yes .
tr	NNS	His two thumbs found the man 's eyeballs as his hands grabbed his ears .
tr	NN	The adrenaline has worn off and getting dressed takes a lot of energy .
tr	NNS	Guns are allowed but highly rare , since companies have stopped manufacturing the deadly weapon .
tr	NNS	Waves of weakness rocked him .
tr	NN	""" Where 's your laptop ? """
tr	NNS	The blood banks had reopened , and the people of Morganville had been given a choice - start over , or start running .
tr	NNS	Every day then , he added a stint in the gymnasium , his efforts always noted by Isaac .
tr	NNS	""" There is also the question regarding the gown , "" the duchess said , breaking the silence ."
tr	NNS	Reyes desired that girl more than he desired a hammer to the skull .
tr	NNS	Still there were signs the country was beginning to recover .
tr	NNS	The colors shone , burned through .
tr	NN	The castle produces a petrifying atmosphere to her senses , making her shiver down to her spine .
tr	NNS	The crisp , sharp edges of the plate grew soft , melting away in a river of gold .
tr	NN	Vittorio 's scowl deepened .
tr	NN	A deep red comforter with the royal crest rested on it .
tr	NN	One bullet hit his leg .
tr	NN	More guilt , more need to bake cookies .
tr	NN	A drowsy giggle escaped her even as she snuggled against the inviting warmth of Damen 's chest .
tr	NN	Covered in werewolf blood , the bullet penetrated the beast 's hide .
tr	NNS	"Others need windows opened to give them glimpses of chances they never dreamed were there for them . """
tr	NNS	But then the grainy images scrolling across the screen could be any woman .
tr	NN	The receptionist handed her a message that Francesca wanted to chat about the upcoming ANS special that would bring her together with her famous father .
tr	NN	Not long ago , this proclamation would 've sent me into protests and fits of revulsion .
tr	NNS	"These pills are only 99 milligrams each . """
tr	NNS	Both locks held tight , but I couldn 't say the same for the latches .
tr	NN	Despair flooded Percival 's mind at that moment .
tr	NN	There was far too much innocence in the taste of her .
tr	NN	Beyond her body , the drifting mass collided into the length of the emergency ladder .
tr	NNS	Thomas Gratton doesn 't answer right away , just continues gazing at the evening sun lighting the roof tiles to brilliant orange-red .
tr	NN	Reality flooded her mind - how she couldn 't afford to walk away , that was , if he offered her the job .
tr	NNS	Images of Maggie infiltrated his mind , exacerbating his rage .
tr	NNS	Waves were crashing in his eyes , sure and strong and sweeping .
tr	NN	Apparently , wet clothing suited him well .
tr	NNS	The quickening footsteps pass the doorway , as a blood-curdling scream sends adrenaline coursing through Kayla .
tr	NN	A download of expectation charged the circle of family and friends .
tr	NN	Her dragon loved her .
tr	NNS	The servants had always implored her to keep silent , and they prevailed .
tr	NNS	And not all her clients wanted sex .
tr	NN	The hoot of an owl sounded from the near forest .
tr	NN	The last tip she picked up had made her several hundred thousand dollars richer .
tr	NNS	The young seamstress had never given birth before , and was understandably nervous about the process .
tr	NN	Their key player , though , was not an American .
tr	NNS	She was born in Alexandria , went to live outside of Argentina with her parents and two siblings , Alisha and Celeste .
tr	NNS	"All the chants of all the priests of Ra won 't make one damn whit of difference . """
tr	NN	The castle itself had two guard towers at its entrance , which was marked by a large wooden door in between them .
tr	NN	One fast strike and a flame lit up .
tr	NNS	The recruits that were leaving reception and going to Charlie Company stood in a separate formation .
tr	NNS	Diggs sat in his chair ; I sat on the corner of his desk .
tr	NN	"However this unit can still draw parallels between Galactic Hero Bob 's history and mannerisms and that of Joshua Cook . """
tr	NN	The leader of Heroes United , Black Cat , gazed back at her .
tr	NN	"The language you used is sophisticated and your words are more than beautiful ... "" "" Len , be serious ! """
tr	NNS	The symptoms were easy to identify -- blurred vision , slurred speech , and going from icy cold to burning hot .
tr	NN	Her struggles grew weaker .
tr	NN	"A simple "" OK "" was the answer ."
tr	NNS	Different locations offer different solutions .
tr	NNS	New unemployment figures came out today , and how conveniently , unemployment is down by 0.7 % , the lowest value in the last nine months .
tr	NNS	""" Sometimes actions speak louder than words , honey ."
tr	NN	The firelight danced on the glowing tents behind them as the clan silently ate the roasted game .
tr	NNS	His eyelids slowly lifted and he shook his head .
tr	NNS	Eventually the drinks were there , and Murphy paid the barman , and went over to the table with them , offered one to Jim .
tr	NNS	Aris and I are going to do what we were told to do , and life goes on .
tr	NN	A fallen log lay across her path .
tr	NNS	Girls always wanted a second round with a Buchanan .
tr	NNS	Sure enough , slow , methodical footsteps echoed through the room .
tr	NN	The priest glanced at Eve .
tr	NNS	Of course , there were slaves ' deaths that most certainly weren 't documented .
tr	NNS	There were about five hundred acres that lay between the house and the next development .
tr	NN	The extra momentum causes her to lean farther away and sends her right over the edge of the cliff .
tr	NNS	Whether he saw this and decided to cut it short or he was merely finished , the kisses ended .
tr	NNS	Flames shoot into the sky as vigilantes run across the bridge .
tr	NNS	Most supernaturals would never have wanted to deal with the dead , not even for the love of history .
tr	NNS	The last few grains tumbled through the pinch .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm their purpose now .
tr	NNS	His classmates shouted while Mr. Brunson tried one last time .
tr	NN	Indeed , only a madman would have dared to attempt such a daring raid , as failure would mean certain death at the jaws of these monsters .
tr	NNS	The coins snapped forward , and the wind of their sudden passing parted the mist on the ground , revealing the floor beneath .
tr	NNS	Starbucks and I look at each other .
tr	NN	His crown was in silver , with small roses made out of gold adding gorgeous taste here and there .
tr	NNS	The cameras swept round and from their positions the girls saw the solitary black lady dancing and singing .
tr	NNS	"Things are fine . """
tr	NN	The priest picked his words carefully .
tr	NNS	There were too many factors , the media attention being the main one .
tr	NN	""" His resolve went beyond my grandfathers , but he now admits he was right . """
tr	NNS	To the left a few blocks back , three black bikes zigzagged through the logjam .
tr	NN	His next sentence kind of did .
tr	NN	The melody changed haphazardly from one song to the next , mimicking my thoughts .
tr	NNS	The improvements were clearly effective ; the Coalition fighters had already killed two enemy fighters .
tr	NNS	Chase 's movements grew rough and clumsy , and Jamie recognized the signs of his impending release .
tr	NNS	Reyes turned another corner and barred cages came into view .
tr	NN	"This highway goes to Kiev . """
tr	NN	The raven popped into existence and fluttered wearily on to a stump of ice beside her .
tr	NN	On its own , her art was beautiful , but she wouldn 't stop insisting that it was static .
tr	NNS	Slow , deliberate footsteps echo off the wall beyond Blake .
tr	NNS	Wooden spikes stuck out of the ground like porcupine quills surrounding the outer perimeter of the prison .
tr	NN	The explanation was most likely very simple .
tr	NNS	The only colours in her face were the bruises under her eyes .
tr	NN	The auditorium was full by the time Cassie and Sally arrived , but none of her possessed friends were to be seen .
tr	NNS	There were sleek , muscular , designs from Italy with names like Maserati and Ferrari .
tr	NNS	There are three possibilities .
tr	NNS	Two hostages are better than one .
tr	NN	The restroom was small , and he stood right outside the cubicle .
tr	NNS	"What would the movies do ? """
tr	NNS	The Garnier siblings should have had ample time to reach an agreement .
tr	NN	""" Your bags should have arrived by now , "" chimed the maid , Henrietta , in a musical British accent ."
tr	NN	My first instinct was to nod and wave him off .
tr	NNS	His massive head rolls to the side , then lifts a few inches from the floor .
tr	NN	"No thief am I. "" A wave of uneasiness washed over her ."
tr	NNS	"Strange colors here , "" he mused ."
tr	NNS	The cameras could also see down the main aisle that led between all the side aisles .
tr	NNS	Dark shadows where the streetlights didn 't touch .
tr	NN	A hockey player and the drum captain , who had friends and a girlfriend .
tr	NNS	The twins had never been to Alaska and had always wanted to go .
tr	NN	What government wouldn 't give their right arm to have her ?
tr	NN	Love isn 't just for the here and now , it 's for a lifetime .
tr	NN	And so it was , the hapless gym teacher went out to greet the advancing Egyptian army , and perhaps to collect a toll from them .
tr	NN	""" An enclosure , like an aviary , "" Nanna supplied ."
tr	NN	He must not know proper etiquette , the darling virgin .
tr	NN	The race started and he drove like a man possessed .
tr	NN	The television switched back to Anna at the news desk .
tr	NN	One forearm sported a tattoo of a dark angel holding a pair of swords rendered in blue , purple , and black .
tr	NN	A balcony from the second floor overlooked the kitchen and dining area , bringing in even more natural light from the surrounding windows .
tr	NNS	Most idiots he dealt with could only see one level , but Yoda and Sidious knew far more .
tr	NN	The house shooter wore a black vest with gold embroidery .
tr	NNS	The band members didn 't know Gary , but Gregori 's word would be obeyed unquestioningly within the Carpathian world .
tr	NNS	""" But all my belongings are waiting for me there too . """
tr	NN	The principal told me I was a lucky girl that such a great man took an interest in me .
tr	NN	But a sliver of doubt wormed its way into her mind .
tr	NN	The tissue looked filthy with flesh , which was disconcerting .
tr	NN	The policeman was on the pavement , a large pool of blood forming around him .
tr	NNS	Thick cords ran up along his throat .
tr	NNS	The pills should take effect in about two weeks .
tr	NN	Soft candlelight lit our room from the four , tall iron holders around the head of our bed .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared with his anger .
tr	NN	Gaea 's icon blinked in the center of the right map .
tr	NNS	My original three class members are still with me and we share a deep bond .
tr	NN	Her orgasm washed through her like a tidal wave , building higher and higher , stronger and stronger , until she heard his hoarse shout .
tr	NN	""" I always thought his reputation was more farted air than truth , "" the second Warlord said ."
tr	NN	"Love would come later . """
tr	NNS	Mark grabbed his suit jacket from the bed , moved quickly downstairs .
tr	NN	""" Stay ' ere , "" the blonde fellow said ."
tr	NNS	The nurses slowly called the patients back to see a doctor .
tr	NN	Soon the captain returned .
tr	NNS	Rising levels of uneasiness warned me the conversation was heading to a direction that could not meet a good end as I finished speaking that sentence .
tr	NN	Our Keeper didn 't care about any of that .
tr	NNS	There were no protocols or papers nearby to tell anyone what was going on .
tr	NNS	Things not meant to be out in the open .
tr	NN	There was a little pavilion at the bottom of the hill decorated with white bunting and streamers .
tr	NNS	Her headaches probably had more to do with that than anything .
tr	NN	An ugly snort came out of Harper 's mouth .
tr	NN	""" There 's a reward for their capture . """
tr	NN	Another creak sounded from the opposite direction .
tr	NNS	""" You 're the first person to ever see me , "" whispers Isaiah as he releases the lighter ."
tr	NN	""" I 've told you that we shouldn 't have overruled the safety standards , "" the secretary of operations said ."
tr	NNS	Enormous crystal chandeliers cast light that glittered off priceless jewels and glossy , perfectly coiffed locks .
tr	NNS	"Our supplies are not going to last more than a day . """
tr	NNS	""" My apologies for the intrusion , Your Highness , "" he said and bowed again but his eyes were glinting with humor ."
tr	NNS	No flags waved from the shattered carcass of a building .
tr	NNS	There were some French rolls starting to go hard on the counter , so I grabbed a couple of those as well .
tr	NNS	Two quick slaps to the screw spun it to tightness .
tr	NNS	Images of both Derek and Lucas filled her head .
tr	NNS	""" Things don 't matter to me ."
tr	NN	Howling , the hermit turned the sailboat sharply .
tr	NNS	Not all sirens do it .
tr	NN	His successful career as an attorney is about to give way to his ranching roots when a bullet changes everything .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't looked so good , but they had won it , all the same .
tr	NNS	The hard planes of his face had softened ; the lines at the corners of his mouth and between his eyes eased into youthful evenness .
tr	NNS	"But in my opinion there are realities behind even those episodes . """
tr	NN	The first bullet shattered the window and the driver slumped forward .
tr	NNS	If Ashe thought he 'd have problems dealing with the four , his worries were only beginning .
tr	NN	The teacher walked in and brought our attention back to the front of the room .
tr	NNS	The designs matched the tattoo on his right shoulder and biceps .
tr	NN	This pathetic heap has rendered your daughter 's husband lifeless and you stand idly by and tell me to be silent ?
tr	NNS	"You ladies want to join us ? """
tr	NNS	The cabinets and shelving had been with her throughout life rather than replaced .
tr	NN	Other townsfolk were there already , filling the small plaza almost completely .
tr	NNS	Gramps cleared his throat , and I glanced up at him .
tr	NNS	The soft cushions enveloped me , reminding me of how little sleep I 'd had .
tr	NNS	We 're face-to-face , the bars fenced between us .
tr	NN	His armour suddenly felt three times as heavy and doubt like a stream of poison filled his veins and made him question himself .
tr	NN	The real estate market has gone to hell .
tr	NNS	The dolphins take a while to swim over to us , making sure it was safe enough for them to swim over .
tr	NN	Between the second and the third building there was a gap one building wide , through which Bradley and John usually passed to get to their entrance .
tr	NNS	Parts of it broke my heart and other parts downright pissed me off .
tr	NNS	The Spanish countess smiled at both of them .
tr	NN	"The one sentence she repeated almost every time was , "" I don 't understand you . """
tr	NN	A light compulsion takes care of that .
tr	NNS	Others wandered with every intention of heading to one of the local bars to continue what they 'd started here .
tr	NNS	The colors of the place were vibrant , but it was the group of people standing outside the doors that captured my attention and held it .
tr	NNS	Did the warriors here know where the box was ?
tr	NN	""" Happy birthday , brother , "" he says ."
tr	NN	The hatch was at the back of the building , practically underneath the steel staircase that Faye had used to enter the building in the first place .
tr	NNS	Soldiers had abducted her .
tr	NNS	My sneakers squeaked a bit as I came to quick halt in front of the door .
tr	NNS	Soon , the roads were thick with new snow and red safety cones appeared at the bottom of steep hills .
tr	NN	The giant reptile turned back in surprise .
tr	NN	The thief also said nothing in return , but bowed humbly , grateful to receive a part of the stolen meal .
tr	NNS	Folks in Dundee took school sports very seriously .
tr	NN	' I do know what you mean , ' Love said , and grinned .
tr	NNS	The black spots in the fire were eyes that watched her as she ran .
tr	NN	""" My friend Amelia is speaking ."
tr	NNS	Looks like you 're the screw-up tonight .
tr	NN	The second quarter was more of the same .
tr	NNS	The warrants were ready within an hour , but the arrest took three hours to set up .
tr	NNS	Her instincts hadn 't been wrong .
tr	NNS	"Dr. Steve exclaimed , "" Good morning , ladies , "" except that , if you ask me , it wasn 't ."
tr	NN	More guilt roiled in my stomach , along with deep , dark , unending shame at what I 'd done .
tr	NNS	The terrible emptiness in Karen 's stomach gave birth to a flock of fluttering butterflies .
tr	NNS	Many short lived attempts of reorganizing larger areas under common administrations ended in all out confrontations between loosely organized paramilitary groups and armed street gangs .
tr	NNS	But is the wickedness in my mind or yours ?
tr	NNS	Delores tapped an index finger against her lips .
tr	NN	""" Mapping now complete , "" the pilot announced ."
tr	NN	"The balance should be negative if the projected expenditure column is correct . """
tr	NN	The mall concept never really took off .
tr	NN	As he considered the justice he would exact from the elusive rebel leader , Lucan 's comm unit buzzed in his pants pocket .
tr	NNS	And his buddies are just as good .
tr	NN	A reassuring bump came from behind Gregor , and he knew the bug must have scurried up on Ares when the earthquake started .
tr	NN	""" Tell me how you feel , "" the therapist says ."
tr	NN	""" What 's the point , "" almost hypnotized , her twin was watching the monster 's body pulsating above them ."
tr	NNS	Her high cheekbones were sharper than any blade .
tr	NN	' Could have taken my car , ' Love said .
tr	NN	Their lack of interest did not curb Aro 's enjoyment .
tr	NNS	"Its deeply carved letters read : THE DARK WITCH "" I found her . """
tr	NNS	The janitorial staff members that were present opened both the doors to the hallway , and the doors to the outside .
tr	NN	' The paint 's cracking on the backdrop .
tr	NN	A tiny strip of shallow water , the ford , about 5 yards wide , ran across the length of the river .
tr	NN	Brakes shriek and dust swamps the windows .
tr	NN	But the pot matters to him .
tr	NNS	Things hadn 't always been like this .
tr	NN	"That bastard didn 't hurt you ? """
tr	NNS	The demon 's attempts to entice her away earlier today confirmed Victoria 's suspicions that something would happen soon .
tr	NN	Love must indeed have magical powers .
tr	NN	"If you have the dream , we ' l know . """
tr	NNS	"What are your motives ? """
tr	NNS	With that he holds the gun up , presses his hand inwards , and then his body flies up the cord to the hook at the top .
tr	NN	The horrible crash flooded back onto my memories , being in the car felt like I was reliving it again .
tr	NN	A jump beacon set like that was obviously meant to destroy us .
tr	NN	This miracle filled her with joy , and she renewed her faith in the higher power that was surely looking after her .
tr	NNS	Several spots missing paint covered the metal body .
tr	NN	The German ambassador rose from his chair and walked over to a large wall screen where images of the enemy facility were displayed .
tr	NN	A pit weighted in my stomach as I settled back onto my own bed .
tr	NNS	Romulus held the parchment dangerously close to his torch .
tr	NNS	But often , readers don 't leave reviews .
tr	NNS	Before I know what I 'm doing , my mouth lands on his shoulder and I bite .
tr	NNS	In the explosive height of the loft , barn swallows took shadowed wing .
tr	NNS	The Molotov cocktails had proved stronger than the sprinklers .
tr	NNS	Julienne writhed , her fingernails digging into his arm , marking him on the outside as she 'd marked him on the inside .
tr	NN	The sheriff gave me a friendly smile .
tr	NNS	"What are the chances we would end up where we are , studying this rubbing , in the very same household as the Hero of Ages ? """
tr	NNS	Anyway , no worries , they are in no hurry .
tr	NN	""" Who 's the idiot who pissed off Acheron ? """
tr	NNS	Eight figures moved slowly along the verge , grabbing ripe stalks , rubbing the chaff from them for a coarse , uncooked breakfast .
tr	NNS	The colors lifted their spirits as the skies were cleansed from the gray of smoke and haze of the previous days .
tr	NNS	""" The goblins came down from the mountains after the battle ."
tr	NNS	A few withered blooms still clung to the dried stems , but the magical beauty was gone .
tr	NNS	"Just a generic sports bra . """
tr	NN	The stake clattered to the ground , the metallic ring echoing in the silence .
tr	NN	Neither option sounded all that sane to her though .
tr	NN	A spark of anger shoots through me .
tr	NNS	Screams surround me , not my own .
tr	NN	"The raft isn 't sinking ! """
tr	NN	""" The Spanish-American War ended here when President McKinley signed the treaty on that table . """
tr	NNS	""" Orders , "" Llama told him ."
tr	NNS	All my fears dissipated and vanished .
tr	NN	Another sob escaped and I saw Kaspar glaring into the rear-view mirror .
tr	NN	""" If they can 't recover enough to serve , then they have to go , "" the colonel said ."
tr	NN	A primitive instinct to throw me down and fuck me , in order to relieve his body 's need .
tr	NNS	"There were shots , for God 's sake . """
tr	NN	"A sacrifice so they can kill the vampire . """
tr	NNS	Black cats are unlucky .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to pull away , to shout , because it was such an invasion of my boundaries .
tr	NN	"The aunts wil take care of them from there . """
tr	NN	Only Miss Minnie 's rambling had guided us here , and maybe we were crazy for putting any stock in it at all .
tr	NNS	Looks like I 'm trying too hard .
tr	NNS	"Emergency provisions , in case I can 't catch any fish , "" he joked , trying to lighten the mood ."
tr	NNS	There were ghosts , but no one knew what really happened when a supe died a true death .
tr	NN	If anything , his embarrassment intensifies .
tr	NNS	"How about the horrible texts and things like that ? """
tr	NNS	But the cabinets still remained , and Back Up had obviously caught the scent of something ... or someone .
tr	NNS	The rats who had been chasing him , and it must have been about all of them , were falling after him in an avalanche of stone .
tr	NNS	Now , your actions are a part of something greater .
tr	NN	There was the barest sliver of moon overhead , but with my enhanced eyesight , I could see clearly .
tr	NNS	Others stared in dazed wonder , as if they 'd dreamed my arrival .
tr	NNS	"My recollections and assessments may not be entirely accurate any longer . """
tr	NNS	His thumbs wrap around the front , across my hip bones , and his fingers reach down to the middle of my butt cheeks .
tr	NN	""" And hey ... I 'm sorry I just left you here . """
tr	NNS	Their seats were in business class and they were quickly served glasses of champagne that neither of them drank .
tr	NNS	""" The consequences of doing bad only applied while one was alive ."
tr	NNS	Some scholars hypothesized that perhaps some oracular cult had survived the temple 's destruction and that they 'd stolen the stone for their secret temple .
tr	NNS	The boxers and T-shirt I wore said so .
tr	NNS	New cases of the Weeping Sickness are almost unheard of .
tr	NN	Just north of the Archangel , Patch pulled me off the walkway .
tr	NN	The dragon roared with triumph at the smell of her wounds and snapped at her with his razor-sharp teeth .
tr	NN	""" The iron wouldn 't bother you ."
tr	NN	Wearing an immaculate dark green and black suit , the ancient researcher looked like Old Earth nobility .
tr	NN	At some point , the ranch got a reputation for being a good place to send teens whose parents felt they were headed down the wrong path .
tr	NNS	The other footsteps had quickened , as well .
tr	NNS	Several YouTube videos have surfaced throughout the day showing the young coma patient singing in an unknown language .
tr	NN	The gleam in Naz 's eyes had twisted into a frenzied , focused hatred .
tr	NN	Still , a scared bully could become dangerous if he needed to convince himself that he was strong .
tr	NN	This little brat had wasted enough of her time already , and now she was ready to tear her to pieces , and make her suffer .
tr	NN	The nursing student had ventured into Engineering and spoken to Tessa .
tr	NN	The damage to its side had continued to spark and crackle with unknown effects to its internal hardware .
tr	NNS	""" The Others don 't run their stores for profit ."
tr	NN	Looking up , the bard saw Hal hard-pressed to keep up with the flickering attacks of the remaining two men that he faced .
tr	NNS	More heavy footsteps echoed against the porch steps as the men exited , leaving us three fewer than we had been before they 'd come .
tr	NN	His accent was much better than mine .
tr	NNS	Werewolves do not float .
tr	NNS	"There are "" Congratulations , Graduates "" signs everywhere ."
tr	NN	But that night , the booze felt great , as the warmth of the wine in my stomach spread through my body .
tr	NNS	The uranium deposits in Virginia alone are worth an estimated $ 20 billion , but no one really knows for sure .
tr	NN	The crown of the child 's head appeared so much more ashen than he remembered .
tr	NNS	Whenever my cell phone starts buzzing , my family members inquired me like the spy agents .
tr	NN	There was some Baroque art , even a few Rococo pieces , along with a Neoclassical piece or two .
tr	NN	A range of emotions flickered across her face before she seemed to school it into a polite smile .
tr	NN	"The weave was looser . """
tr	NNS	All but two ghosts had moved out by then , and he had somewhere he wanted to go .
tr	NNS	Age spots peppered his face and hands .
tr	NN	The man 's loyalty and determination in the face of such overwhelming odds is the most noble thing I have ever seen .
tr	NNS	But ... there were unexplained activities between him and our mother , extensive amounts of money he 'd given her .
tr	NNS	""" Female werewolves mark their mates with a bite there ."
tr	NN	My euphoria lasts only until we 've reached the ship out in orbit .
tr	NN	What if the bullet took away my invincibility ?
tr	NN	A little sheepish , he shrugged his wide shoulders .
tr	NN	A tourist must have brought it up here .
tr	NN	The mountain was riddled with passages , caves , and dead ends .
tr	NNS	Bugs handed Timmy a mug of ale , which he gratefully guzzled down .
tr	NN	At the same time the first Assassin caught up and attacked .
tr	NNS	In Chris 's filing system such items would be in a file marked Picasso or maybe Still Life with Pipe and Wine Bottle .
tr	NNS	Two thin trails of dust lifted slowly in the air behind them .
tr	NN	Anger and frustration rose up within her , threatening to explode like a cork from a bottle .
tr	NN	Her employer didn 't allow her to finish .
tr	NN	The medication she was on no longer seemed to be working .
tr	NNS	""" The chips are kind of stale and the cheese is from a can , but it 's a lot less dangerous to your health . """
tr	NN	The shooter had a hell of a silencer , good cover , and a decent rifle .
tr	NNS	That night , the original settlers decided we needed some rules to follow ; each of us should serve a purpose .
tr	NN	Perhaps an exercise routine might be a good idea .
tr	NNS	Things might go down the way he hoped , they might not , but he believed in protecting himself .
tr	NN	Her pulse , I learned , was super low .
tr	NNS	""" The lighter Jewels are for practice and everyday stuff until I 'm ready to set these . """
tr	NNS	The door slams shut behind him .
tr	NNS	Yet these curses did not seem intended to kill , more to take away reason and judgement .
tr	NN	If nothing else , a leader had to be firm and decisive .
tr	NN	Her normally cocky persona faltered a bit as she took them in .
tr	NNS	These actions lead to a lack of cash , a crisis of confidence , and much land speculation .
tr	NN	Our only defense is guerrilla warfare , so we 've been divided into groups .
tr	NN	There was no reasoning with Dennis then .
tr	NN	Her little bum shifted in the chair .
tr	NN	His belly suddenly felt cold .
tr	NNS	Cadmus stood with Zeus and my father at the edge of the terrace , amid flowers and greenery and the bluest of skies .
tr	NN	Based on body language , the Elder who had grabbed hold of Xavier seemed to be higher in position than the rest of them .
tr	NNS	"Both planes will fly back together . """
tr	NN	""" The ritual you have undergone here tonight has proven indisputably that you possess that lineage ."
tr	NN	An angry roar jerked us upright .
tr	NN	But the illumination didn 't extend to the end stalls .
tr	NNS	Black silk boxers didn 't exactly cover a multitude of sins .
tr	NN	The gasoline splashed her full in the face , blinding her .
tr	NN	Hi lack of interest exceeded that of the preoccupied nurse who 'd called me in to the doctor 's exam room less than an hour ago .
tr	NNS	Their expressions were watchful as though daring me to confess .
tr	NNS	But then footsteps sounded behind them , this time for real .
tr	NNS	A few forlorn drops of soup and some wilted salad remained .
tr	NNS	The castle ghosts didn 't want to go , so they had hidden in the cellar again along with all the balloons and the party stuff .
tr	NN	The pendant was a single spiral seashell .
tr	NNS	Things will right themselves .
tr	NN	A flutter went through my stomach at the casual reference to us seeing one another after this trip .
tr	NN	There was a soft click .
tr	NN	"She ' l say the only thing she needs assistance fending off is handsome suitors . """
tr	NN	A welcoming committee in brightly embroidered costumes smiled down at her from among the greenery .
tr	NNS	Looks like he knew there were cameras about . '
tr	NN	His trick was simply to rationalize a way that what he said could be construed as the truth .
tr	NN	Her hatred for the men who used her , and Titian before her , turned to ice .
tr	NNS	The high school hallways were always strangely reflective .
tr	NNS	But there were also uniforms of the East .
tr	NN	The rude interruption startled me .
tr	NNS	Just over the clerk 's shoulder , the ghosts took their leave .
tr	NN	There was a tap on my bedroom door and Jo walked in , her face cold and nostrils flaring slightly .
tr	NNS	These three attributes are simultaneously present in all humans , even while different people may have different mix of the three attributes .
tr	NNS	Elias scrambled out after Shane .
tr	NNS	Then the scales began to burn away , smoking , sizzling , leaving only more of that ugly bone .
tr	NNS	""" It 's the reflections , "" the twins said synchronously ."
tr	NN	Only a poof of papery dust as the slug collapses .
tr	NNS	Faded paint chips were peeling away from the body , and a few had already scattered on the ground .
tr	NN	The palazzo held its breath .
tr	NNS	His movements were part pain , but raw , edgy pleasure as well .
tr	NN	And the more they experiment and discover , the weirder it gets .
tr	NNS	Slightly perplexed , the investigators tailed him , curious expressions splashed across their faces .
tr	NNS	After I scanned my wrist , the gates opened , uttering my name in a computerized drone .
tr	NNS	Those images were in her head , and Jane couldn 't get them out .
tr	NNS	All the tests were negative .
tr	NNS	""" The chances for success are good , and the chances for survival are good , but there are dangers involved that could cost you your life ."
tr	NNS	Shouts and even some cheers filled the air , but they did not rush the Jedi .
tr	NN	Her loyalty and Jed Fowler 's was what had kept him out of jail this long .
tr	NNS	But her efforts seemed futile .
tr	NN	Nausea and dizziness threatened to toss him to the grounds .
tr	NNS	Red bulbs on the walls in the cavern flashed ; the ground began to shake .
tr	NN	""" Excuse me , "" said the ape ."
tr	NNS	Thoughts of Peyton and prison time faded , and I curled his hair around my finger .
tr	NNS	Their wolves were as close as they could get .
tr	NN	The size of a Shire horse it was , a full nineteen hands or more .
tr	NNS	The two beverages floated across the room and drifted to a stop on the table before the pair .
tr	NNS	Things were also good for Elise and me .
tr	NN	The Seattle ferry had just pulled into the Bremerton dock and seagulls circled overhead .
tr	NNS	His fingernails were perfectly manicured .
tr	NN	The green pit viper grows up to four feet long and has venom without a known cure .
tr	NN	But the lack of reluctance in her voice had been the most telling aspect of their brief conversation .
tr	NN	Your cousin Hadley was the vampire .
tr	NNS	For the moment the supporters asked only for the approval of the first part of the plan .
tr	NN	What if the break-in was a cover up for someone closer to home ?
tr	NN	Inside the house , our creator and Riley were just as quiet .
tr	NN	A good crop could produce a bale an acre .
tr	NNS	Hands pulled Celaena from the saddle and set her on wobbly legs .
tr	NN	The soft cotton came away black .
tr	NNS	Things might be over between them , but she didn 't want him to think she 'd jumped into something with Tucker .
tr	NN	The insanity turned into rage , and she would often direct that rage at us .
tr	NN	Jazz fixed on a woman who was standing very still , watching luggage bump its way around the segmented track .
tr	NN	In the eighties , wrestling was practically a kid 's show .
tr	NN	""" There 's honour in dying at the hands of a worthy foe ."
tr	NN	There was a thud by his feet .
tr	NNS	""" My apologies Jake , but you have already saved them ."
tr	NN	""" I wish I knew what you two 're jabbering about , "" the blacksmith sighed at them ."
tr	NN	The ice dragon swung around to the north .
tr	NN	The hunter in the rear carried other items that may be needed such as sinews for tying , tobacco for spiritual and pleasurable uses .
tr	NN	There was a bruise on her chin , as if she 'd recently been in a fight .
tr	NN	A snake struck at a mouse , detecting the heat as the small creature scampered too close to the silent predator .
tr	NNS	Names , characters , places , and incidents are products of the author 's mind and are not to be construed as real .
tr	NN	Apparently , unbeknownst to me , my vows rested upon a loyalty to Aaron Lightner .
tr	NNS	Werewolves are creatures of action , after all .
tr	NN	' cos of the bit in the paper , sir . '
tr	NN	That sleeping attire indicated the differences among them .
tr	NNS	The mattress dipped beneath them .
tr	NN	The tribe 's shrieking continued , some of the screeches so high that they rang in my ears , making me cringe .
tr	NN	""" Part of my job is to talk to everyone . """
tr	NN	His soft chuckle brushed over her skin .
tr	NN	The guilt behind his eyes was nearly shattering .
tr	NNS	Its tentacles shivered , shook , quivered uncontrollably .
tr	NNS	Things were starting to reach a boiling point in the general public .
tr	NNS	The tunnels are very short range and I can choose what frequencies pass through them .
tr	NN	My pulse skyrockets as he leans in close .
tr	NNS	The sudden fullness was overwhelming , as it always was .
tr	NN	"The leader again spoke , "" Sure , why not ."
tr	NNS	Turns out that by just doing that , and adding the ' local ' label , our sales tripled .
tr	NNS	Muscles I didn 't even know I had were letting me know I was using them .
tr	NN	Love looked over the top of Stuart 's car .
tr	NNS	Holden 's servants were well trained and swift about their duties .
tr	NNS	But her natural defenses had come down with a vengeance tonight .
tr	NN	The canoe foundered into the wave trough , a boiling maelstrom of furious surf .
tr	NNS	With the old country taking so many freedoms away and taxing people to death , sports was a way out .
tr	NNS	Your actions show that you care about the well-being of the people and that really impresses me at your age .
tr	NNS	Something magical happened then -- Jonah smiled directly at me with his eyes focused intensely on my face .
tr	NNS	His hits came at a blistering speed , as if his hands were a machine and moved faster than Brian could blink .
tr	NNS	Serving heavy appetizers instead of a formal sit-down encouraged everyone to get to know each other as they moved from table to table .
tr	NNS	His footsteps pounded in the hallway .
tr	NNS	""" Those idiots are simply trying to justify their drug abuse with pagan mumbo-jumbo ."
tr	NNS	Things were simple then but somehow they got away from the simple things of life .
tr	NN	Maggie had to admit , the persona of Matthew Webster intrigued her .
tr	NN	His accent was American , originally from some hardscrabble place far from the Upper West Side of Manhattan .
tr	NNS	Screams filled the airwaves then ; voices yelling that something was rising from the deep .
tr	NN	""" So why no powder round the entry point ? """
tr	NN	The clothing fit on a disturbing level , even the undergarments .
tr	NN	The vow she spoke embedded into her soul .
tr	NN	The initiative lies all on your side .
tr	NNS	Even now drugs stood between him and any kind of recovery .
tr	NN	The candlelight played lovingly over the curves and hollows of her body , touching and caressing with flicking light .
tr	NNS	Here and there bushes or taller grasses made holes of blackness they walked around .
tr	NN	Shredded and bloodied , my white tank hardly covered me .
tr	NN	So , did that scar on your hand ever heal up ?
tr	NNS	Striking deals were second nature to her .
tr	NN	The shoreline is heavily wooded .
tr	NNS	Things would never be the same without him , but he couldn 't give in to him , not this time .
tr	NNS	Kind of like the black and white movies my grandparents think we like to watch with them .
tr	NNS	Thus , these couples became famous throughout occupied space as the peacemakers of one of the most volatile systems ever settled .
tr	NNS	His footsteps had grown less decisive .
tr	NNS	Hands reached for Nightingale and he squirmed to avoid them .
tr	NN	A growl starts low in Peter 's belly , but I can hear it .
tr	NNS	The Officials attack first .
tr	NNS	Zayne 's nostrils flared as he stepped aside .
tr	NN	The last neighbor left less than an hour ago , patting her arm and telling her how much her gran would be missed .
tr	NN	The video ended , but another one started .
tr	NNS	Poor Bugs simply could not keep pace with demand , but the canning plant had no such issue .
tr	NNS	The few fans in the room enjoyed the thrill of not being able to interact with or change the film .
tr	NNS	And then finally ... the footsteps catch up to me .
tr	NNS	There were no signs of dishes , plates , flowers , or anything resembling the living .
tr	NNS	"Those colors aren 't good with your complexion . """
tr	NN	But why the reference to alien markings when that had been kept secret from the public ?
tr	NNS	A full dozen other mages spread themselves out behind him .
tr	NN	The other option is for Ms. Morris to resign her position .
tr	NNS	All grandparents have strong feelings about their grandchildren , but my motives went a little further than a simple desire to get all gooey inside .
tr	NNS	Four hand-knit stockings hung from the mantel the same way they had for more than twenty years .
tr	NN	Who 's our leader , now ?
tr	NNS	Images of blood flashed into my mind .
tr	NN	Is the quake her fault ?
tr	NNS	""" Things happen , Jim . """
tr	NNS	The tunnels here felt like shafts in a coal mine by comparison .
tr	NNS	Even their thousands of years of development were no match for the billions of years of human evolution .
tr	NN	""" The way I figure it , the worst-case scenario will mean a decline in sales in the garment of choice . """
tr	NNS	Our dinners tend to be tasty .
tr	NNS	Then the warriors dispersed among the camp .
tr	NN	Perhaps our lord will welcome these visitors .
tr	NNS	The edges of his body blurred .
tr	NN	The spotlight found Natalia , and then Karin joined .
tr	NN	Their objection to your visiting the grave is something I shall never understand .
tr	NN	There was an itch on my neck .
tr	NNS	Others are talking in groups throughout the house with red cups in their hands .
tr	NN	Traveling deeper and deeper into the woods , the vicious growls are interrupted only by the sounds of spells being cast everywhere .
tr	NNS	Moses was begging now .
tr	NN	Boom , boom , boom , boom .
tr	NNS	' Well my sources tell me that Henry Mason had something to do with it being a set up .
tr	NNS	The remaining two creatures , seeming to think better of the situation , turned and sprang toward the gates .
tr	NNS	The nuns closed the outer door , locked it with the two beams and lowered the portcullis behind it .
tr	NN	Kali 's pulse fluttered erratically .
tr	NN	Part of her shouted a resounding yes .
tr	NNS	The remaining ten clan leaders and their parties followed the newly crowned Emperor into the grand ballroom where a celebration was already underway .
tr	NN	The duel was practice and it was punishment .
tr	NN	The old Paige hated to be left alone .
tr	NN	Big folded sheets , meticulously drawn , government sponsored .
tr	NN	His libido shouted in hoarse frustration at the delay , but if that was what she wanted , patience and foreplay would eventually pay off .
tr	NN	Chance 's vote didn 't matter .
tr	NN	Filbert 's brief but eloquent description of a painfully thin Alexandra staring at his portrait at Hawthorne made his heart wrench .
tr	NN	The yard was neat , the grass clipped , but with no real landscaping to speak of .
tr	NNS	Others I would hold a fashion magazine in my lap and we 'd decide if the upcoming trends were hits or misses .
tr	NNS	' The tiles were doing well already .
tr	NNS	The hums of crickets and the bellows of bullfrogs filled in the quiet .
tr	NN	The train whistle blew as we rol ed into the train station .
tr	NNS	"The cameras begin rolling and Chase says , "" This is Chase Jordan , WBC News ."
tr	NN	That conniving toady Warden still has my gold medallion . '
tr	NNS	Now the footsteps of the three boys grew faster .
tr	NN	The bastard just sneered and poked her chest again .
tr	NN	The rain had stopped , the pavement dried .
tr	NNS	Hands folded demurely in front of me , I enter , the picture of humbleness .
tr	NN	Static electricity surged through him , more than that , his body heated , shuddered .
tr	NNS	These abilities allowed humans to manipulate , control , and even destroy the world around them .
tr	NNS	The characters , events , and settings of the story are all a work of fiction and a product of the writer 's imagination .
tr	NNS	Once this place was gone , those little orange pills would be the only thing standing between her and a possibly painful death .
tr	NN	In an instant , the entire colony changed color , from green to red .
tr	NN	Judging from the looks of it , and from what Lyle knew of the man , the sheriff felt justified grouping Rollins into the slobbering idiot category .
tr	NNS	""" The members of the psychic network are waiting for us down the hall ."
tr	NN	A grunt as Gel landed a kick , hit the man ... somewhere .
tr	NNS	There weren 't digital effects to render .
tr	NNS	Being extra destructive always impresses the locals .
tr	NN	All that mattered was the way he looked at me .
tr	NNS	The first four shots he takes are air balls or bricks .
tr	NN	Then there was a rustling of leaves .
tr	NN	There was a loud shriek from Dianna as the bullet pierced her shoulder blade and the blood started to flow .
tr	NN	There was another rustle , and Bill Door 's head appeared over the edge of the loft .
tr	NNS	Perhaps other family members had gone by the name as well ?
tr	NNS	Gramps smiles and sighs as if he has just completed a task on his to do list .
tr	NNS	""" How about skin cells , or nail clippings , or blood ."
tr	NN	Only his clothing looked more pitiful than he .
tr	NNS	Five shrouded figures in dark capes stood in the middle of the yard like they were frozen in time .
tr	NNS	""" Things have been happening ... "" He grunted and rubbed a hand over his thinning hair ."
tr	NNS	The dead woman bows toward Isabelle then turns to us .
tr	NN	Faded light streaming through tall stained-glass windows provided the only illumination .
tr	NN	His formal manner seemed at odds with his formidable appearance and direct gaze .
tr	NNS	As if on cue , footsteps echoed from a hallway , along with the sound of scuffling .
tr	NNS	Of course the newspapers also felt the need to name that which was responsible for the bad things in the city .
tr	NN	A bundle of burning scrub tumbled into the channel .
tr	NNS	""" Oh , yes ... the markings were three Xs on his chest ."
tr	NNS	The lizards , it seemed , had learned the futility of assaulting wild furies and were quick to avoid those the trio had brought with them .
tr	NN	Hell , his reflection had scared him half to death this morning .
tr	NNS	My skills aren 't fine , but I 'm pretty strong , and I 'm good at adapting them on the fly .
tr	NN	""" What 's plasma ? """
tr	NN	""" Give me the gun or I 'll shoot her again , "" the thief told him ."
tr	NN	His father could have been talking about many things , his inquiry interpreted many different ways , especially with the state of his dementia .
tr	NN	At three feet down the soil was barely damp .
tr	NN	What was the creep doing ?
tr	NN	Their escort snickered and walked down the hall waving Chris and Duff to follow .
tr	NN	The man 's stench disgusted him , but at least the Jordanian knew how to choose a good weapon .
tr	NN	This celebration is going to be just business .
tr	NN	On the other hand , this notion appeared rather implausible to him , because the scientist found cramming to be absolutely undesirable and counter effective .
tr	NNS	Things didn 't change once we got seated and started looking at our menus .
tr	NN	The leader turned around to face me .
tr	NNS	"My clients are getting impatient . """
tr	NN	Nonetheless , her lack of compassion for him left her perplexed .
tr	NN	In the end , Scarlet 's assessment was correct .
tr	NN	The creep took it as encouragement and moved to reconnect his headset .
tr	NNS	There are four rows of Officials .
tr	NN	""" My grandma lives in Connecticut . """
tr	NN	"An excellent hunter of all manner of difficult prey . """
tr	NNS	Indeed , narrow strips of orange light outlined the edges of the wide rectangular door , slowly growing as the door opened outward .
tr	NNS	The creatures parted reluctantly , snarling as he passed .
tr	NN	A squad of soldiers had formed up at the tower 's front .
tr	NNS	The breeches were many inches too short , and the shirt was so tight across my shoulders that the seams ripped .
tr	NNS	There were sparkling drops of water in Alec 's messy black hair .
tr	NNS	The eggs rode in the cab .
tr	NN	Even the Defense had her participate in military projects , demonstrating faith in her abilities , and most of all trust .
tr	NNS	The bigger planes carry at least two cabin stewards , but given the circumstances , they had only the flight crew plus a woman named Tori .
tr	NNS	Strangers in black suits and sunglasses emerged from the cars , one after another .
tr	NNS	Horrible possibilities leaped to mind .
tr	NNS	Both servants and guests had started betting thick and fast as soon as the fight was announced .
tr	NN	The training bullet hits the outer circle of the target and bounces off , rolling on the floor .
tr	NN	The whole concept was foreign to her .
tr	NNS	Things about myself I had never known existed , what I was capable of .
tr	NNS	These leftovers create a growing probability of error .
tr	NN	The steam from his coffee curled up around his withered face and he was smiling .
tr	NN	But her new Master had other ideas .
tr	NNS	"Our supplies dwindle with each day and we need a break from the road . """
tr	NNS	The twins aren 't mine to protect .
tr	NN	There was a badge clipped to the front of his shirt with the man 's name on it : Axel Hoover .
tr	NN	"But the insurance contract demands that "" the keys remain in the possession of a company employee at all times "" ."
tr	NN	Nausea clawed at his gut .
tr	NN	Well , supposedly the teacher made this huge stink and basically wanted to get the student responsible suspended or expelled .
tr	NN	My first instinct was to tell the douchebag , as I was now calling him , to go shove it and get my attorney for me now .
tr	NN	His best theory is that the fuel injector was jammed but he doesn 't think it 'll happen again .
tr	NNS	There were millions in this city , dead or alive .
tr	NN	I bet if she 'd been mortal , a blush would be forming up her cheeks right now .
tr	NNS	"Two shots are best , to be safe . """
tr	NN	The cowboy looked into the bunk , but not before Matthew had closed his eyes to mere slits , feigning sleep .
tr	NNS	Things were beginning to get quite interesting .
tr	NN	Some time later , some ages later , a dragon flew by , going quickly through the night .
tr	NN	A cushy job ruling over a bunch domesticated clan people sounded really good .
tr	NNS	His family jewels tended to get threatened at least once a week it seemed .
tr	NNS	Instead , she opted for a little rice powder , rouge and scarlet geranium petals rubbed across her lips .
tr	NNS	""" Dogs get wet and stinky ."
tr	NN	There 's a hidden agenda there somewhere .
tr	NNS	My instincts proved accurate .
tr	NNS	Speculative murmurs rippled through the room .
tr	NNS	My wrists were clean and smooth .
tr	NNS	Screams reached my ears and tearing another rogue 's head from his shoulders ; I turned to the sound and froze .
tr	NNS	The balding Mr Snow fumes and I turn to focus on him , only to realize that he isn 't talking to me but my female companion .
tr	NNS	The likely possibilities came to two : Dwarf MacIntosh or the ambitious and resourceful Captain Brood .
tr	NNS	There weren 't any signs with arrows pointing me in the right direction , so I wandered and took this time to munch on Skittles .
tr	NN	Stomach growling , tears tickling the corners of my eyes , I walk on .
tr	NN	My throbbing left hand was inches from my nose and I could see my blood , shining in the light .
tr	NN	A low canine growl rose from underneath the table , raising the hairs on Painter 's arms .
tr	NNS	""" Things changed . """
tr	NNS	""" Come on , "" officer Duncan said , slipping a poncho over her shoulders ."
tr	NNS	Reyes didn 't move , just shifted the direction of his gaze .
tr	NN	There was a soft rap on my door , and Puck peeked his head inside .
tr	NNS	In my world , our siblings can be quite a bit older .
tr	NNS	Her warriors would hear her , and they would come to her if she beckoned them .
tr	NNS	It had to be one of his most popular tunes because the moment the DJ announced it , the fans started screaming non-stop .
tr	NN	""" Because my mate is going to be with me , in my pack , by my side , for the rest of my life . """
tr	NN	My team leader threw both his hands up .
tr	NNS	No designers would be asking her to make a guest appearance on their shows , but it worked for now .
tr	NNS	As far as she was concerned , actions spoke louder than power suits .
tr	NNS	The world grew darker , colors faded to shades of grey .
tr	NN	The yard was dark as they found the iron table .
tr	NN	There was no hesitation in her .
tr	NN	The bullet passed through Myers face , cutting off the yell and attack .
tr	NNS	Marius closed his eyes .
tr	NN	The balcony itself was wide and semi-circular in shape with a waist-high concrete balustrade , and perched over the back garden .
tr	NNS	Others , whom the death of my lord would perhaps grieve less , have already persuaded him .
tr	NN	""" Way to go , Jake . """
tr	NN	A chuckle escaped Mr. Neville 's lips .
tr	NN	The sergeant moves forward while his men take up positions behind him .
tr	NN	The dragon hadn 't struck until the moment the gag was securely in place .
tr	NNS	Chess , who was the nearer , vaulted on top of me .
tr	NN	There was a fresh shower nozzle attached to the wall of the cabin .
tr	NN	""" And no-one ever tried this on you ? """
tr	NN	A crash because of mechanical failure would be a guilt he couldn 't live with .
tr	NN	""" Ok , now turn on the transceiver here ."
tr	NN	""" The leader also adds that if ever Jack grimaces or laugh , even just once , they 'd cut his head off ."
tr	NN	"Part of Major Smythe 's mind took in all these brilliantly colored little "" people "" and he greeted them in unspoken words ."
tr	NN	""" There 's no agenda , but I see Barbara has nevertheless provided you with a brief ."
tr	NNS	""" Others are coming ."
tr	NN	"Love looks good on you . """
tr	NNS	She opened her mouth to speak again and he swooped on it , his own passions aroused by her refusal to acknowledge the powerful chemistry between them .
tr	NNS	Marius understood but he didn 't answer .
tr	NNS	Restroom stalls stood against one wall while the showers lined the other .
tr	NN	The warrior tried to press forward , but the snake kept sliding back , giving him ground .
tr	NN	His chuckle slithered down her spine .
tr	NN	The bard chuckled to himself .
tr	NNS	""" And both processes leave blackened hands . """
tr	NNS	Others thought her cruel , but sometimes necessity could wear no other face .
tr	NNS	Hendricks loomed in the doorway , arms folded , eyes steady on Murphy .
tr	NN	A receptionist named Angela answered the phone .
tr	NNS	Looks like the clown gets the last laugh after all .
tr	NN	Couldn 't still the agitation twitching all the muscles in my body .
tr	NN	The bearded hunter let the thoughts go and turned his attention back to cooking .
tr	NN	Nick 's partner joined them , brushing against Nick 's shoulder .
tr	NNS	The villagers refused to be broken by the edict of closure and the accompanying hardship , vowing to fight on to preserve their communal identity .
tr	NN	Gradually -- very gradually -- the beating of his heart slowed toward normal .
tr	NNS	Surprisingly , no outward signs of ridicule or contempt followed .
tr	NNS	' Their minds don 't work the way ours do - probably because they don 't have separate minds .
tr	NN	""" Our success has inspired them . """
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps fell in the hallway and the old terror Jackson 's presence instilled wrapped around her heart .
tr	NN	The spark started a small flame .
tr	NN	"The inspector regarded me coldly : "" We will see about that soon enough . """
tr	NNS	When those men arrived at the hospital , the media were going to know about it .
tr	NNS	Girls would kill to have Duke 's cell phone number , and I just got it without even asking .
tr	NNS	At the very center , the petals suddenly turned bright purple , forming a thin round border around five stamens tipped with yellow .
tr	NN	The squad spread out around our group , and we marched down the long corridor .
tr	NNS	Few travelers braved the mists .
tr	NNS	Unfortunately , the werewolves at the door hadn 't frozen .
tr	NN	"Just a tiny nibble , "" he growled as he stalked her ."
tr	NNS	Screams that cut through him like a warrior 's ax , screams of his people , the young and the old , voices he could not answer .
tr	NNS	The nurses tell me that Stacey was my champion throughout it all , demanding the best for me , and organizing prayer and candlelight vigils in town .
tr	NN	""" No darling , sit down ."
tr	NN	This layer will keep any internal heat from dissipating into space .
tr	NN	He looked up to find Flossie standing there , a harshly disapproving look on face .
tr	NN	The roar of police sirens rose in the distance behind it .
tr	NN	"The bullet set off a nasty infection in me , and I guess they felt pretty strongly that it wasn 't time for me to die . """
tr	NNS	From what I could sense , there were three separate , small openings , but if I hesitated they would be gone .
tr	NN	A tentacle slapped across his snout , acid from it leeching past scale and into flesh .
tr	NN	The Pakistan government has closed down the strikes with an agreement with the Americans for the next month .
tr	NNS	His paws scarcely seemed to touch the earth as he bunched and stretched his body in great bounds .
tr	NN	The jaguar began to cough .
tr	NNS	Looks like I won 't have to force him to stab her after all .
tr	NN	""" A smiley face ? """
tr	NNS	Things were now looking very grim .
tr	NN	Its texture was slightly different than the rest of her skin and felt a little deeper , like a chunk had been knocked out .
tr	NN	The release when it came was like a nuclear explosion in her body .
tr	NN	Wicked intent gleamed in his expression .
tr	NNS	The tickets hadn 't been cheap , and Will hoped Shirley appreciated that he 'd put down serious money for this opportunity .
tr	NNS	Others died of typhus caused by lice infestations and some were casualties of the bombing and fighting raging all around them .
tr	NNS	The media has a similar situation , as in armed forces .
tr	NN	Shame and guilt blossomed like diseased flowers in his lungs , making it hard to breathe .
tr	NNS	The cameras all go off .
tr	NNS	The materials for my next meeting aren 't ready , apparently .
tr	NN	A tremble of laughter rails through me as I fill with relief .
tr	NN	Then a footman helped me into the seat of the small , mechanized carriage .
tr	NNS	Soldiers with assault rifles lined the perimeter of the field , grim of face and straight of posture .
tr	NNS	There were many couples around the room .
tr	NNS	The rolls had been an unnecessary addition , but they were also too good to ignore .
tr	NNS	"Things are already looking promising . """
tr	NN	""" Good , "" the 9-1-1 operator told her in a reassuring voice ."
tr	NN	The desolate and dilapidated factory was riddled with graffiti , broken and missing windows , rusted doors , and overgrown weeds and grass .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the origins of Teleport entered his mind .
tr	NNS	Things are bad enough as they are .
tr	NN	Out in the valley , the wing repeated its looping pass .
tr	NNS	The ninja 's blades eat through them as if they were being fed into a shredder .
tr	NN	""" Love 's not necessary to a well-matched marriage , "" Victoria said firmly , "" but it certainly doesn 't hurt ."
tr	NN	"Lying in a heap on Millar 's floor all chewed up along with everything else . """
tr	NNS	Those fees are bogus and once you close your accounts , they won 't have any right to charge you for them .
tr	NN	""" The young pup was always arguing with me about the utilities , too ."
tr	NNS	The elves clinging to his legs were biting him .
tr	NN	A birthday was not really an important or meaningful occasion .
tr	NNS	Finally the Zurich and Berne leaders agreed to take the matter back to their respective cities and hold council with their guild associations .
tr	NNS	Lots of room , Love remembered that .
tr	NN	His celebration was short-lived , however .
tr	NNS	His nostrils flared , but he seemed to rethink his belligerent attitude .
tr	NNS	The symptoms were all there .
tr	NN	Her association with Landon Mercer , whatever it was , was certainly not romantic in any sense .
tr	NNS	Lights and devices are everywhere .
tr	NNS	Hope 's fingernails dug into the skin of his chest as he gently grasped her hips .
tr	NNS	The detectives looked at one another in surprise .
tr	NNS	""" Stem cells are pluripotent progenitor cells . """
tr	NN	The redwoods are glorious but you don , t have to drive four hours from San Francisco to reach glorious redwoods in California .
tr	NNS	The juices begin to gather between my legs .
tr	NN	""" I never thought you were one for the lab , "" his teacher said ."
tr	NNS	Maybe those slivers are its funnels , and the forces combine to create this general updraft phenomenon .
tr	NN	""" There is a natural equilibrium that establishes when the rift opens ."
tr	NN	She flew into his arms , her red hair wrapping round him .
tr	NN	The alien leader was the last enemy soldier still in the room , and had stumbled to the floor , while trying to escape .
tr	NNS	My boobs are practically spilling out .
tr	NN	This psycho means business , and it 's deadly business .
tr	NNS	""" My motives shouldn 't matter to you ."
tr	NN	There are a ton of cameras down there , too .
tr	NNS	Girls , then women , had been proud to claim him , practically from the minute he could walk and talk .
tr	NNS	""" Excuse me , gentlemen , "" said Reggie as he walked over to see the work at the locks , his bodyguards in tow ."
tr	NNS	And pigs can fly .
tr	NNS	The members of this ring can 't take the children to their own homes .
tr	NN	Grandfather and grandson resumed their walk .
tr	NN	"What 's another term for this ? """
tr	NNS	Ellen 's sobs tore at Anne Marie 's heart and soon her own face was streaked with tears .
tr	NN	That notion was too ridiculous to even mention .
tr	NNS	The twins were going to grow up thinking they were God 's gift to women .
tr	NNS	Bob 's bloodshot eyes were crazy , his nostrils flaring .
tr	NN	"A crisis is a terrible thing to waste ! """
tr	NNS	A smiling hairless face beamed at Jack .
tr	NN	For so many years the whistle had been my first resort , the quickest way to communicate with fellow hikers .
tr	NN	The administrator eyed her a long moment .
tr	NNS	Girls like Dara always wanted to talk about feelings and peek into a guy 's brain .
tr	NN	And after , the absence of my dad , a gaping and permanent hole of never .
tr	NN	My sleeping aid wil help with that .
tr	NN	A few nicely wrapped gifts found stuffed in a cardboard box in a closet couldn 't change that .
tr	NNS	My heart rips open again with every acknowledgment of her existence .
tr	NNS	Those creatures , she thought .
tr	NN	""" My parents ' anniversary is on a Saturday this year . """
tr	NN	That werewolf had the scent of Winkler on him , along with a bit of Winkler 's blood .
tr	NN	A red haze settled over me as I swung my attention back to her .
tr	NN	"I ' l tel you when we 're done . """
tr	NN	Both Paige and I turned around and she frowned , looking beyond us both into an unseen horror .
tr	NN	Her maid , Anna , answered , her hands reddened with cold .
tr	NNS	Heavy footsteps sounded in the hallway , and one of Ham 's guards entered a moment later .
tr	NNS	Words and sentences concerning my own existence formed in my brain .
tr	NN	Another crash of thunder and the light disappeared leaving only the moonlight and stars .
tr	NN	""" How was the ghost hunt , Kylie ? """
tr	NNS	Some pupils especially girls stopped to stare at her , wondering who she was .
tr	NN	Again there was a brief rant with a greater than usual amount of hand waving .
tr	NNS	"If they real y were undead , werewolves should no longer have need of that particular biological function . """
tr	NNS	Others suffered wounds that looked as though they were cut open by a giant grizzly bear .
tr	NNS	The dancing warriors , though drunken and having such a wild time , started to make their way out of the circle one by one .
tr	NN	Major Bill Clayton and his wife Catherine watched in disbelief as Britain 's most senior civil servant squeezed himself into the battered and ancient Citroën 2CV van .
tr	NNS	Looks of tremor passed over the three faces as they stared at Julia in the door way .
tr	NNS	Violent images of the previous night flashed before my eyes , and my stomach twisted .
tr	NN	The appeal had merely been the riddle of it .
tr	NN	And this nut wanted him and Mr. Noel to face the whole angry town of Afton at once , since obviously everyone would come !
tr	NNS	Our tongues mingled , while our bodies thrashed under the water .
tr	NN	""" The ravine comes out just below a land bridge that we can use to get across the river ."
tr	NNS	The greens dove into the oceans .
tr	NNS	The red letters flash in my mind .
tr	NN	""" My lord , "" he said with a querulous voice , "" the monk is ready . """
tr	NNS	Flames crawled up to the ceiling and burned down toward the floor .
tr	NNS	"My ancestors died on the battlefield not ten minutes ago ! """
tr	NN	"The melody does insane things to my heart and I want to see what it feels like while you hold me . """
tr	NNS	But authorities didn 't want prisoners or anyone privy to sensitive information to have full reign of their Imps .
tr	NN	When we land , the captain says just stay on the plane ; we 'll only be here for twenty minutes .
tr	NNS	Werewolves had human mates at times and they produced human children .
tr	NNS	"There are also wolf prints near the south tower . """
tr	NNS	The letters were all marked return to sender .
tr	NNS	"The chances are the bastard would have killed you when you walked out of the bush if he 'd been alive . """
tr	NN	Just Rex 's wounded seer 's pride that he didn 't control everything in the secret hour .
tr	NN	"The entire organization was working hard to expand their operations across the globe . """
tr	NNS	The warriors trooped past .
tr	NN	The dossier was in the briefcase , under the table .
tr	NNS	""" All right , the first time I found this island it was completely surrounded by the reef , the one ye 've all seen ."
tr	NNS	Excited murmurs filled the once silent room around us .
tr	NNS	My sources tell me it 's with some of those church folk .
tr	NN	"CHAPTER 9 Today is going to be a good day , then I woke up "" Hi , Miranda ."
tr	NN	The bullet violently ripped off a large piece of the skull and blasted over half of her brains out of the back of her head .
tr	NNS	The hallucinogenic fumes soon emerged .
tr	NN	The shining dew makes it seem like fairyland and there must be elves behind every tree .
tr	NNS	The coyotes started to snarl .
tr	NN	The pattern was completely different .
tr	NNS	""" No , the signs were useful ."
tr	NNS	For the first time , the strong man 's boldness failed and his face showed fear .
tr	NNS	Chills ran down my arms .
tr	NN	Every studio has its own aura .
tr	NNS	Her actions were those of an automaton .
tr	NNS	Silk 's daggers were already doing their deadly work .
tr	NN	The majority of their spirit was elsewhere , wherever spirits might go .
tr	NNS	My forced cheerfulness was clearly throwing him off a little bit , but he smiled back and went along with it .
tr	NNS	There was nothing menacing about the little guy ; just a sense of the ridiculous .
tr	NN	My white camisole had stayed dry for the most part , but my black pants were completely soaked from splashing my way through the river .
tr	NNS	Those markings mean he enjoys high status , so maybe he realizes we 're with the human delegation .
tr	NN	""" That 's commendable , "" my uncle said ."
tr	NN	But the flashlight was already getting dimmer .
tr	NN	Their classmate continued to study them , as if she wasn 't sure what to think .
tr	NN	An old intern turned the page of a newspaper .
tr	NN	The distinction ought to be quite sharp , so that a man knows which couples are married in a Christian sense and which are not .
tr	NNS	The spices from the red beans had finally seeped into her brain and turned it to mush .
tr	NN	"Part of me is always nervous she 's going to turn psychotic . """
tr	NN	That damned ugly monstrosity of a house seemed fated to reappear time and again in his life .
tr	NNS	These creatures aren 't the only secret this hell hole is hiding .
tr	NN	A steel ram could batter them for days with no effect , and the swords of the finest Knights Ferrous in the Realm would shatter upon them .
tr	NN	The busty blonde smiled at him and winked .
tr	NNS	A dozen images , long forgotten , surged through his mind , bringing a bittersweet smile to his lips .
tr	NN	The silver liquid burned as it went down Olivia 's throat .
tr	NN	The audience was in uproar .
tr	NNS	But there are no creatures on the beaches tonight .
tr	NNS	Curious all over again , he focused his identifying ability on her , even adding a slight vibration , but he got nothing in response .
tr	NN	The knight in gold and silver placed his blade over the innocent girl 's neck .
tr	NN	Serenity might radiate from her every pore , yet I knew better ; I sensed her inner turmoil .
tr	NN	My darling you look more beautiful than ever .
tr	NN	There was a pulse , but it was faint and sluggish .
tr	NN	A soft blush highlighted the freckles on her cheeks .
tr	NNS	Gramps had scored his morning meal .
tr	NNS	The flood gates broke .
tr	NNS	"Smells nice , too . """
tr	NN	Somewhere in the jumble a police scanner squawked with a dispatch to a domestic violence situation out in Chalmette .
tr	NN	""" Our honeymoon , "" I said ."
tr	NNS	Her eyelids fluttered shut .
tr	NN	Who 's her favorite author ?
tr	NNS	Instead , his movements were jerky and rigid , as if he were injured .
tr	NN	The gown wasn 't too appalling , thank heavens , because Nicole had taste .
tr	NN	"How was the market ? """
tr	NN	A hopeful gleam came into her eyes .
tr	NNS	Fast-paced footsteps approached them from behind .
tr	NN	Her left wing had a long rip that oozed blood .
tr	NN	There may have been only a handful , but one of them , the Book refers to as ' Renegade . '
tr	NN	The poker was bent at right angles .
tr	NN	The blacksmith lashed out with its foot , throwing Leah back a bit , and smashed one of the hotel 's windows .
tr	NN	The chuckle sounded low , pricked over her skin like the legs of a spider .
tr	NNS	Outside them , garden forests cloak the land , and crystal lakes wash shores of diamond sand .
tr	NNS	""" Things happen under that moon . """
tr	NNS	I grabbed it and ran to the living room , zombies were attacking .
tr	NN	There was hardly a scratch on the damn car , anyway .
tr	NN	If this was some kind of protective shield , then maybe the shield would materialize around me , just as it had for Ms. Terwilliger .
tr	NNS	All characters appearing in this work are fictitious .
tr	NNS	""" Our body temperatures run hotter . """
tr	NNS	The chains held her down .
tr	NN	There was a flashlight on a tiny shelf at the bottom , which she used to scan the contents around her .
tr	NNS	Blazing zombies now littered the battlefield , causing a bright fire to be seen from miles away .
tr	NNS	At Avenue X , images of he and his dad throwing around a baseball in the park flash through his mind .
tr	NN	When she pulled away , the ranger still stood there in the rain , staring after her .
tr	NN	This unwelcome chore had prevented them from enjoying a sausage roll around the warm gas fire , dispelling the prospect of a cushy shift .
tr	NN	Jon 's bullet had missed him .
tr	NNS	By Sunday evening , the media that had been attempting to get information from Gwen had left the neighborhood .
tr	NNS	These gorillas did not care why human beings were there , or what reasons had brought them to the Congo .
tr	NN	But so far the dragon hadn 't come back .
tr	NNS	The thuds from their jumping echoed from the ceiling .
tr	NN	Human conflict is widespread and decreasing as disease spreads .
tr	NN	A tree limb scraped against the panes , reminding him that he 'd been standing in that same spot when his attacker had slipped up behind him .
tr	NN	""" You shouldn 't be here , "" the student agreed ."
tr	NNS	"Beans are vegetarian . """
tr	NNS	There are only two different prints .
tr	NNS	""" In my room , letters to my parents ... "" She groaned again , an animal-like cry of pain and fear ."
tr	NNS	Erratic gusts of wind blew through the tunnel they formed .
tr	NNS	""" Identity cards - what if I need one ? """
tr	NNS	As the first couple of shelves hit the ground the black figures stood there in confusion .
tr	NN	""" Not a whistle like yours , though that is a very fine one ."
tr	NN	Link grabbed her arm before she had the chance to run .
tr	NN	"How long is the extension for ? """
tr	NNS	Wind gusts sprayed precipitation against the window , like a car wash .
tr	NN	"Ethan 's grandma said , "" You 're going to have to choose something ."
tr	NN	Mackie jogged across the highway and entered the campus from a northwestern angle , his Glock held in a two-handed grip and pointed downward .
tr	NN	But that was a couple hundred years ago , and when everyone realized how common the leftover Ghost garbage was , the novelty wore off .
tr	NN	Then , a miracle : she 'd conceived again .
tr	NNS	Looks like a young woman with a thin face .
tr	NNS	The ladies were sitting there watching Chet and Mark tie the lines .
tr	NN	The siren fell silent .
tr	NNS	There were no hurried footsteps behind me , no shouts to stop .
tr	NN	""" Why are all her pajamas lingerie ? """
tr	NNS	Above her , three muffled shots went off in succession .
tr	NNS	"There are several known mercenaries we 've brought down , which proves whoever is behind the attack doesn 't have a strong loyal following . """
tr	NN	There was a consensus that no one speak to you .
tr	NNS	As if reading her thoughts , the golden-haired Adonis smiled , making Sara immediately close her eyes and shake her head .
tr	NN	""" There isn 't one civilian transport on this moon that uses diesels ."
tr	NNS	"Things between us were still awkward , but it was only polite to say , "" We should walk together . """
tr	NN	A training method I 'd have to start practicing after this was over .
tr	NNS	Julia 's face paled and Douglas nearly laughed at her horrified expression .
tr	NNS	"The drugs they injected into your system would have killed you shortly after you arrived here . """
tr	NNS	Sometimes the colliding images weren 't terrible .
tr	NN	Could her true mate truly be this overbearing , cranky , arrogant bastard ?
tr	NN	A low growl left Jackson 's throat , and without warning his mouth wrapped itself around her shoulder , his teeth sinking into her flesh .
tr	NN	With a longing glance toward the fiercely handsome gentleman the maid gave a swift curtsy .
tr	NN	""" No offense , "" he said calmly , "" but nobody touches the Mortal Cup except us . """
tr	NN	No glint of metal or other indication of men appeared , other than their trampling footprints .
tr	NNS	The races can make a handler just as much prize money as the fights .
tr	NNS	Freaks pushing deep into the untamed wild left broken branches and churned dirt .
tr	NN	A thin sheen of sweat covered his olive skin .
tr	NNS	I watch the plunging of the buildings into darkness the springing of the interiors into light the slivers and crescents and slices and cookies of the moon .
tr	NN	Their venom wasn 't deadly , but death seemed preferable to the pain they inflicted .
tr	NN	""" Peter Callahan 's business partner who ruined everything we stood to inherit was Jefferson Fontenot , Caroline 's great , great , great , great grandfather ."
tr	NN	Her accent had a tinge of a drawl , but that helped little in determining her place of origin .
tr	NNS	""" Animals that survived by living beneath the ground , deep in the soil ."
tr	NNS	The bulletin board ran announcements , want ads , and events of importance .
tr	NNS	""" The ladies ' room ."
tr	NNS	Some cases of bank heists , two occurrences of a wild mutant stirring trouble , and one wildfire , all quelled and cleaned up by the Rangers .
tr	NNS	A secret smugness filled me over the role I played , protecting these treasures .
tr	NNS	Our prayers are a fortress .
tr	NNS	The edges of his lips curved upward , and for once , there was no dark undercurrent to the expression .
tr	NNS	Things had gotten intense with Finn back on Banos Prime , to say the least .
tr	NN	On the map , this settlement had a slash mark by it .
tr	NNS	Between her legs , dampness grew .
tr	NNS	""" There are wolves and plagues and she 's talking about soup !"
tr	NN	Love slipped on a pair of surgical gloves he carried in his glovebox and scanned the items in her bag .
tr	NN	A tremor catapulted down her spine .
tr	NN	"The government has been cleaning the city for weeks to make a good impression . """
tr	NN	A blue icon flashed , indicating an incoming call .
tr	NNS	"There are probably thousands of those in this vicinity . """
tr	NN	The Bastian leader gazed at us steadily .
tr	NN	the receptionist asked , quietly but politely .
tr	NN	""" A gentleman came into the shop and purchased two ash black candles . """
tr	NN	A wicked twinkle entered his eyes , and he grabbed my hand , jerking me to a stop .
tr	NN	Her spine straightened until the woolen blanket fell from her shoulders .
tr	NNS	Over time Tom 's kisses learned their way to Esme 's lips , but they stayed gentle and he still blushed every time he saw her .
tr	NN	Renegades ' on-site work trailer was a piece of shit , and he and every one of his stuntmen preferred it that way .
tr	NNS	The creatures were evil , that much she was sure of , born from her father 's own cursed and lifeless land .
tr	NNS	Hands dig at my back as everyone presses forward , trying to break free from its path .
tr	NNS	There are many signs of this sort , all of which would be beneficial for Kane to know .
tr	NN	At this point , condensation occurs .
tr	NN	Part of me understood why Tristan had done it , but that didn 't make me feel any less hurt or devastated .
tr	NNS	His pupils are huge and shiny beneath the stadium lights and his untamed breath caresses against my cheek .
tr	NNS	My improvements to his design will make capturing your monster a snap .
tr	NN	A pleased gleam flashed in them then he winked at me .
tr	NNS	The city gates had indeed been wide open .
tr	NN	""" That 's 'cause al you ever think about is your package , "" JJ replies ."
tr	NN	""" There is no trespassing nowadays . """
tr	NN	My blush deepened , but I struck my best model pose , throwing one hand up in the air and thrusting out a hip .
tr	NNS	Other hallways branched to the left and the right , likely leading to smaller labs , storerooms , and mechanical spaces .
tr	NNS	""" Witches and spirits , "" Logan said beside him ."
tr	NNS	""" Things are sliding downhill around here , and they 're liable to get worse ."
tr	NNS	And gun lovers had contacts regular people did not .
tr	NNS	Two young male pack members stood there , obviously eavesdropping .
tr	NN	In front , though , the usual van waited , with the driver holding the door open .
tr	NN	The intruder crumpled , unmoving , to the carpet .
tr	NN	The TV returned to a scene outside one of the funerals .
tr	NN	Part of me expected gunshots to follow my path , but either no one in the sky saw me , or they didn 't care .
tr	NNS	Greek fathers , especially those in the smaller villages were extremely protective of their daughters for this very reason .
tr	NNS	The more ideas , the better the chance one is correct .
tr	NN	Her cushion was there as well , left by the novices to soften the hard bench .
tr	NN	If I hadn 't broken his spell on me earlier , that appeal might have drawn me to him .
tr	NN	On the wall opposite her a secretary was making sure a record of the meeting was completed .
tr	NN	To a man who made her heart race and her palms sweat .
tr	NNS	"If she 's polite , the Others are polite . """
tr	NNS	"Your cards didn 't tell you her name ? """
tr	NNS	In fact , for all that I know , the effects are permanent .
tr	NNS	The movements outside were so familiar , men running in formation and soldiers sparring .
tr	NNS	He supposed that with a life expectancy not much more than two years , such changes were inevitable .
tr	NN	The log was damp , but otherwise it was comfortable .
tr	NNS	Despite the myths of cats and water , tigers were not averse to water .
tr	NNS	Just like the Bible said , the scales fell away from her eyes and she saw herself , a woman who felt guilty but still wanted control .
tr	NN	"Anyone else would be on their way to execution already , "" the captain points out , even more confident in the presence of his men ."
tr	NN	The investigator leaned forward .
tr	NNS	As descriptions of places bloomed before his eyes , so did the scenes which he would describe .
tr	NN	""" No offense , but when was the last time you even spoke to Logan , "" I asked , knowing I was being kind of rude ."
tr	NN	Love raised his eyebrows in query .
tr	NN	""" Mr Gorn 's description is crude but accurate ."
tr	NNS	There were only five factories in the land , one for each Field .
tr	NN	My bullshit limit was rapidly approaching .
tr	NNS	Cadmus reached over and caught my fingers and we held hands as we picked through the bristly wildflowers .
tr	NN	The rainbow around my body changed colors .
tr	NN	""" And being gathered together , "" said the Priest , "" we reckoned up all the woes that have come upon us ."
tr	NN	What if there was no redemption for him ?
tr	NN	But beneath the fury , Ion felt the meanest trickle of fear , when he remembered his ancient hatred .
tr	NNS	The additions were larger than the original house .
tr	NN	His heart literal y skipped a beat when I moved .
tr	NNS	Solar flares release an enormous amount of energy ; even a modest flare can double the amount of ultraviolet radiation emitted by the entire solar surface .
tr	NN	""" Morning , "" she said , surprised by her scratchy voice ."
tr	NN	Jewel rank and caste had weighed just as heavily in the balance , if not more .
tr	NNS	Perhaps the drinks were finally starting to catch up .
tr	NN	""" I 'll go with you for backup , "" Link said , pulling himself up from the floor of the study ."
tr	NN	How many times a healer has worked on me ?
tr	NNS	No public roads led to those cliffs along the river .
tr	NN	but before my conscious mind could even process the information my subconscious interrupted and asked the question .
tr	NN	Love created the best .
tr	NN	There was a triple thunk as both door locks and the trunk lock unlatched .
tr	NN	Come along , folk down there will love to meet you guys . '
tr	NNS	His nostrils flare like that of a bull .
tr	NNS	The goons slowly walked by Albert and Lawrence , menacingly glaring into each of their faces .
tr	NN	A six-year-old wouldn 't last more than a couple of minutes .
tr	NN	After a few circuits of the room , the squirrel noticed and ran out .
tr	NN	""" What did your therapist say for you to do ? """
tr	NNS	Several cloaked figures waited at the bottom of the gangplank , and one of them broke away from the others to walk toward Tavi .
tr	NNS	""" Do wolves eat their mates ? """
tr	NN	The ignition clicked , but the engine failed to start .
tr	NNS	""" There 's gallons ."
tr	NN	His agitation was understandable .
tr	NN	Ok , here 's the deal , Ben .
tr	NNS	With the dress draped over her arms , the seamstress departed .
tr	NN	""" I see , "" the grandmother said , wrinkling her brow ."
tr	NN	At that moment , lightning struck just off the port wing , and she jerked with fright .
tr	NNS	Thoughts of the few nights I slept in Marco 's bed run through my mind .
tr	NNS	""" Watch it , losers , "" Rodney said , and shoved Tuck into the dashboard of the bus ."
tr	NNS	Did wolves bite each other when they had sex ?
tr	NN	""" Oh , I am Minnow , "" the dragon said ."
tr	NNS	Names , characters , businesses , places , events , and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	NNS	Myles offered them both a bland smile .
tr	NN	""" Love is messy and unnecessary ."
tr	NNS	Summer temperatures mixed with body heat .
tr	NNS	Things like this happened all the time .
tr	NNS	""" My disappearances are the perfect foil ."
tr	NNS	""" The seas will be more confused for awhile , but I think we are now on the backside of the storm ."
tr	NNS	Still , his instincts warned him that he was deliberately being needled and he was filled with a sense of foreboding .
tr	NN	Part of me speaks up , saying it 's her own fault .
tr	NN	Every inch of the benches running along the three rows of tables was vacant .
tr	NNS	Looks to be passing about 2,400 yards off our stern .
tr	NNS	His political aspirations were strong and he 'd intended to run for Prime Minister at some point .
tr	NNS	""" Things are good ."
tr	NN	They would gently make their way from branch to branch , their mottled fur reflected in the water below .
tr	NNS	"Only governments and billionaires can afford to use it . """
tr	NNS	"The Dragon 's spies poison his hopes and play in his dreams . """
tr	NN	Just when I think we 'll never get out of the woods alive , there 's a small clearing and then pavement .
tr	NNS	Things were going ... well .
tr	NNS	The near crimson locks drew added attention to his pale complexion , and perhaps it was that uniqueness his guest believed he recognized .
tr	NN	""" Marcus , "" the captain said ."
tr	NN	One whirlwind almost catches him but thanks goodness he plays football and as well as he does .
tr	NN	And all I saw was the suffering in her black eyes .
tr	NN	Harley 's tail tightened around the crescent moon , but still the airship swam through the churning black clouds .
tr	NNS	Victoria 's newfound maternal instincts were on high alert .
tr	NN	Gradually the bullying made Val miserable and Becky began to wonder if in her quest for perfection she had unleashed a monster into her daughter 's life .
tr	NNS	Not that the elaborate defenses were actually necessary .
tr	NN	Then he heard thunder rend the air and seconds later , lightning flashed through the room .
tr	NN	The cowboy was rummaging through the Undertaker Man 's pockets .
tr	NN	The crash was enough to distract Martinez .
tr	NN	There was uncertainty and confusion and a good amount of fear .
tr	NN	The brunette in red grinned .
tr	NN	Lea 's reputation seemed to go up faster with every KO victory , which was what most of the audience liked to see .
tr	NN	A beautifully cared for rockery extended either side .
tr	NN	Only slightly shorter than he , the athletic brunette nodded , too .
tr	NN	A curl of her hair slipped over her shoulder , caressing her .
tr	NN	The Sheriff , busy with some papers on his desk , didn 't seem to notice Jacobs enter .
tr	NNS	There were mere inches between them , and the urge to reach for her , to pull her close , was a writhing thing inside him .
tr	NN	"The castle may be large , but it 's sadly in need of repair . """
tr	NNS	The emptiness tearing open inside me was nothing compared with what I knew Daemon was feeling .
tr	NNS	Others who look more like demons than humans .
tr	NNS	""" That pepperoni , ooh la la . """
tr	NNS	All his instincts and strength to kill bravely what he considered a threat combined with the necessary physique to present the bullfighter with the possibility of triumph .
tr	NN	The mountain range gradually transformed into low , rolling hills , and the greenery came back like a welcome blanket .
tr	NN	Our seating arrangement presented a fierce showing of where we stood in Pack .
tr	NNS	Specialty items , things Lowe 's wouldn 't have .
tr	NNS	Three mothers are gathering up their children scattered over the lawn .
tr	NNS	"Nerves settled down yet ? """
tr	NNS	Inside the bags were backpacks , each one name tagged and stuffed full of kit .
tr	NN	"My partner Jake ? """
tr	NNS	"Lots of royals ' kids live with their parents until someone dies . """
tr	NN	The castle was the ghost of itself .
tr	NN	The darkness Andrea sensed in Sean came forward with a vengeance .
tr	NNS	Muscles stretched taut as they pulled a metal plough share , hooves sinking in thick mud .
tr	NN	The sergeant stood at attention .
tr	NN	' The Iron Gate Pass , ' said King Ignis .
tr	NN	A small mound swelled in front of each hand and moved with the swiftness of an arrow to its target .
tr	NN	His absence might have helped intensify that affection , as well .
tr	NNS	Hands grabbed his arms , keeping him upright .
tr	NNS	The associates surrounded him and glared downward .
tr	NN	Her nightgown brushed the snow , disturbing it .
tr	NNS	"Such ideas help no one ! """
tr	NNS	Lu 's walk was neatly cleared , the sheer edges of the snow marked with a blower 's lines .
tr	NN	The Sector Lift exchange we are entering makes the crowd look bigger than it really is .
tr	NN	The realisation hits me harder than a wrecking ball .
tr	NNS	""" The Highland warriors have gone soft . """
tr	NN	Her most attractive asset though is her personality .
tr	NNS	The puffs of white my breath made in front of me were practically freezing into icy clouds .
tr	NNS	Soldiers might get involved .
tr	NNS	""" You see , it 's as I thought , "" he said pleasantly to Pella , "" the ladies haven 't the heads for politics ."
tr	NNS	My only companions as I moved forward were the sparks following my every move .
tr	NNS	""" Gentlemen , the funds are in our account so the closing is complete ."
tr	NN	Or in this case , Rafe 's uncle 's life .
tr	NNS	With that the ogre crashed into the night as the tall , swaying grasses parted for his advance .
tr	NN	But a new chef was with us , and I was eager to measure Miguel 's food against Juan 's .
tr	NN	A stab of pain cut across her ribs for several seconds before subsiding .
tr	NN	In these lands there was little government , and therefore even less peace .
tr	NNS	Aria levels a concerned gaze at the doctor .
tr	NN	At once the acid stopped raining down , but now the attack was different , sharp and focused and very complex .
tr	NNS	Thoughts rushed through him .
tr	NNS	The still figures in the bottle disappeared .
tr	NNS	The countess shook her head and came to her , settling on the settee opposite the one Hester occupied .
tr	NN	The newly arrived trio overheard the words .
tr	NNS	Early grail romances involved Percival and were woven into the Arthurian legend .
tr	NNS	Vivid images of the dream sizzled through her .
tr	NNS	Now the twins were six years old and she still didn 't have the time .
tr	NN	The colonel stared at him for a moment , and then his eyes slowly drifted to the corner of his desk .
tr	NNS	Chills started there , beneath my mouth .
tr	NNS	The laser blasts stopped .
tr	NN	"The outlook is scaring me . """
tr	NNS	The warriors below covered their ears .
tr	NN	There was a rocking and a groaning sound , and then the wall began to recede .
tr	NN	His ploy had worked , the rider thought them still running .
tr	NN	Despite the delight I felt over this truth , the powerful Ingrid would always win over weak and pathetic Camilla .
tr	NNS	His other organs , I knew , were dying as well .
tr	NNS	"His paintings were always so expressive . """
tr	NN	Immediately , a waterfall of sand fell from the ceiling , sounding like the shhhh of a hundred women .
tr	NNS	His actions had only hastened the bad ending .
tr	NN	Their passion wasn 't afraid to show now that everything had been set free .
tr	NNS	I felt strong and refreshed , and all around me , the colors and scents seemed stronger and more vivid .
tr	NNS	""" Orders are usually next-day delivery . """
tr	NN	A snake coiled round the gargoyles ' feet .
tr	NNS	The increases in invitations are coming from mothers of unmarried girls .
tr	NNS	The nostrils flared , sniffed , growled , and then sniffed unsatisfied .
tr	NN	"The subtle but accurate adaptable subconscious with us figuring out things faster than a computer about situations and people is just part of it . """
tr	NN	The shield pushed against him , crackling with a fierce fire .
tr	NNS	Those cookies looked too good to pass up .
tr	NN	"Why is this bitch in my house ? """
tr	NN	Her growl was from the back of a haunted cave .
tr	NNS	While she longed for a baby , her fears nearly overwhelmed her .
tr	NN	For some , adrenaline makes them stronger and sharpens their reactions .
tr	NN	A deep roar filled her ears as the rail plummeted .
tr	NNS	Things were still fuzzy in my head , but I did remember the blood , the liquid fire , I had been forced to drink .
tr	NNS	The floors of the castle were marble and I was suddenly sliding across the lobby trying to stop .
tr	NNS	Animals were so much better than people .
tr	NN	The metal railing was hanging loose halfway down the steps and didn 't look safe .
tr	NN	Among the laundry list of disabilities that came with being born without a soul , the inability to dream was one of them .
tr	NN	"Her cottage is a lot of work with that big garden . """
tr	NNS	"Looks like they 're just a couple of assholes talking . """
tr	NN	A lick of pure desire curled through his stomach .
tr	NN	The difficulty in this task lay in the fact that the club would be full of humans .
tr	NN	The large buck lifted his head in suspicion .
tr	NNS	The media and crowd had dispersed .
tr	NNS	Aviator sunglasses reflected the sun , while hiding the man .
tr	NNS	But with each war he and his goblins waged , the dwarves grew only stronger than before .
tr	NNS	Things are blowing up .
tr	NN	""" Will do , "" the brunette said , laughing ."
tr	NN	the footman asked urgently as he continued to try and open the door .
tr	NN	The clientele kept it that way .
tr	NNS	Cars would be coming from all directions .
tr	NN	The garage was full of a wide array of exercise equipment , and weapons .
tr	NN	Believe it or not , that bastard of an officer is really my uncle .
tr	NN	"A map is nothing without a stick to point at it with . """
tr	NNS	""" Who were the other seals ?"
tr	NN	A uniformed policeman stood patiently , squinting under the bright porch light .
tr	NN	There , in the lines of enhanced code , was the data description for the system operational rules that governed the entire user system interface .
tr	NNS	Rare clear gaps , penetrated by moonlight that lights up the leaden expanse with silvery flashes .
tr	NNS	If I am at last able to kill him , the duchess and kingdom will be safe from his grasping ambition and brutal ways .
tr	NNS	""" In the spiritual planes , deals are unbreakable without stiff consequence , Paul ."
tr	NNS	Bugs was fast turning red with rage .
tr	NN	The fascinating texture of her soft body pressed against his was startling .
tr	NNS	It left an unfortunate side effect , if the users feet were wet , or if they walked through sand , footprints would be visible .
tr	NNS	Original programs created the Interlink , and the Interlink wrote new programs to solve the problems of human life .
tr	NNS	"Others call it intuition . """
tr	NNS	The wetness felt familiar .
tr	NN	"The bitch is dead . """
tr	NN	When Apollo nodded , optimism took hold .
tr	NN	As the Jesuits recognized , a key function of logic limits argument and , therefore , confines the thinking process .
tr	NN	Another long , deep thrust had her legs curling around his waist while her nails dug into his back .
tr	NNS	""" My sources say no . """
tr	NN	""" My portfolio is fine ."
tr	NNS	Parts of it turned to notice , so she cloaked herself in darkness and created an apparition of herself .
tr	NN	"Tell me , were you so considerate of your Roman brothers ? """
tr	NN	The best option he could come up with was to treat it like melding metals .
tr	NN	""" No , "" her grandmother said ."
tr	NN	Any venue that conducts activities more extreme is not going to be found in such an ... open location .
tr	NN	I looked to Justin for his response and found him staring at me , a cocky smile on his face .
tr	NNS	There were three yellow flags and two red flags stuck close together around a city .
tr	NNS	His grandparents had never even checked on the investment .
tr	NN	But the crash had had the same effect on Ahmet 's vehicle .
tr	NNS	The only witnesses would be too drunk to remember a thing .
tr	NN	And why does an agent go patrolling inside a factory as if it was a military zone ?
tr	NNS	A dozen staff members from positions around the room stared in silent awe .
tr	NNS	Images of some poor man slowly bleeding to death , scared and alone , haunted her .
tr	NN	"Carrot "" s boot struck something metallic ."
tr	NN	The familiar prickle starts on the back of my neck .
tr	NN	A growl worked in his throat .
tr	NN	Although it was well past dinnertime , a sleepy chef entered the dining car and offered to make them something .
tr	NNS	Chills run across both shoulders and down my spine .
tr	NNS	The thuds crash so hard I clutch my chest .
tr	NNS	Maybe then the emails would stop and she could focus on a new job .
tr	NN	The description said six foot ( again ) and lean .
tr	NN	A term applied to atmosphere pressures .
tr	NN	My grandmother , God rest her soul , had raised me well .
tr	NNS	Doug 's explanations of his own actions seemed plausible enough .
tr	NN	There 's another layer .
tr	NNS	The space gates , the portals connecting the star clusters , took care of that problem .
tr	NNS	Everything , I enter this universe , the mansions are all the same color scheme .
tr	NN	That melting sensation I got whenever he looked at me the way he was now started to spread from my stomach .
tr	NNS	His companions looked at each other in confusion .
tr	NNS	"Thoughts like that helped make me less terrified of what was about to happen . """
tr	NNS	She leaned back and crossed her legs , heedless of whatever grime was on the loveseat .
tr	NN	Link glanced at Boo , who was watching him expectantly .
tr	NN	Smashed my bookcase , shattered the window in my room , pulverized the sliding glass door .
tr	NNS	The four werewolves followed me inside the house where Weldon looked as if he were about to have a stroke .
tr	NN	But your accent is a dead giveaway , sir .
tr	NN	There was a very faint glowing just past the center ( or what I thought was the center ) of the side .
tr	NN	The inspector tapped the ashes from his pipe onto the saucer on the table .
tr	NNS	What if the e-mails were not really from Tench ?
tr	NNS	In her lap was eight-month old Nicole , a thin and pallid baby with large eyes and dark hair .
tr	NNS	The werewolves shook the offered hand and introduced themselves as Agents Renfro and Delgado .
tr	NNS	Or had the warriors simply disappeared as Lucien had done on several occasions ?
tr	NNS	Kris and I have switched towns like mad .
tr	NN	she asked , a sharp gleam in her eye like she had a plan .
tr	NNS	The natural passions of the wild men combined with their unpredictability are more than enough to frustrate even the most carefully crafted plans .
tr	NNS	""" Things , "" Eve said , without adding any details ."
tr	NN	A low growl erupted from the back of his throat as he reached down and took hold of her shirt , pulling her to her feet .
tr	NN	Doing it built in immortals an affinity between the species .
tr	NN	The pilot had called each of us to say where we would meet .
tr	NN	""" Yes , the only theory I can come up with is the air at the surface is so thick that it can hold very little moisture ."
tr	NNS	The gilded frames held paintings depicting two faces Selena had been longing to lay eyes on her entire life .
tr	NN	""" A compulsion , "" she murmured ."
tr	NNS	""" Your jealousy could end up getting her hurt , "" His dad whispers and my heart starts beating double time ."
tr	NN	""" The carving is too short !"
tr	NN	There was a ragged chorus of sound as the others apparently tried to fight and were subdued .
tr	NN	The dimple at the side of his mouth winked and for a split second , she forgot to breath .
tr	NN	Through it floated the stench of burned coffee and a faint scent of blood , fouled with a hint of decomposition .
tr	NN	A giggle started in the back , slowly working its way to the front until everyone relaxed and joined in .
tr	NNS	The ladies finally left .
tr	NNS	The goblins may come back .
tr	NNS	"But the funds will have to come out of Pack moneys , since you are currently stone-cold broke . """
tr	NNS	The monitors switched to a view from the dock camera .
tr	NNS	""" But great movements have started small before ."
tr	NNS	Adela 's instincts had been right when she felt that something was wrong with this scenario .
tr	NN	""" A partnership can never be about one person luring in the other , or tricking them into a match ."
tr	NNS	The first ten fairies dropped like rocks .
tr	NN	"The Sleeping Buddha at dawn the day after tomorrow . """
tr	NN	A gong sounds off to signal the start and end of a training day , without fail , every single morning .
tr	NN	Her dark poet didn 't like questions .
tr	NNS	The consequences of failure were too horrible to contemplate , and every second that passed counted against him .
tr	NN	And Jonathan 's quiet feasting on his sandwiches was somehow reassuring .
tr	NNS	And now that the brothers were sitting deep in its heart , the possibilities came home to them much more than they had half the world away .
tr	NNS	In fact , her credentials were impressive .
tr	NN	Kourtney was a savior , a benevolent woman bestowing care and nurturing on a child unable to fend for herself .
tr	NNS	"And the cameras will prove it . """
tr	NN	Our pa gave us odd middle names and usually they were the names of the town or profession that related to the apostle we were named after .
tr	NN	And so this short-lived fellowship parted ways , with much less resignation than one might expect at such a parting .
tr	NN	The tip of her shoe caught on something small and pushed it under the couch .
tr	NN	"Buildings would fall , chaos would ensue . """
tr	NN	My Daisy was the best baby .
tr	NNS	There , smiling a thin and evil little smile is Alexis .
tr	NN	Their best option came to him almost instantly .
tr	NNS	""" The facts are unclear , Mistress ."
tr	NNS	The designs were much like those on the quilt .
tr	NNS	The countess removed her glasses and set them on the blotter .
tr	NNS	Flaming innards showered Emile , who dropped and rolled to snuff out flames licking at his uniform .
tr	NNS	Jewels glittered on her fingers and power seemed to swirl in the air around her .
tr	NNS	Reyes spied Sabin and his scowl intensified .
tr	NN	"' The Prophecy of Gray ' trapped you , as it trapped us , long ago . """
tr	NN	A shuddering sob raked through her body .
tr	NNS	Her hands lay in her lap , wrists still bandaged .
tr	NN	But her first instinct was to protect Graeme from further harm .
tr	NNS	There were no sharp edges inside the sub .
tr	NN	"And after all the rain we got last night , the waterfall should be active . """
tr	NNS	A hypothesis that seemed to fit is that all space is full of tiny pieces of miniscule matter , far too small to measure with current instruments .
tr	NN	A thick carpet of pine needles muffled their steps as effectively as heavy snow .
tr	NNS	The golden locks drifted over one shoulder as she looked at me .
tr	NN	His c * ck jerked toward her , throbbing in time with his heart .
tr	NNS	Atop the shoulders of several of the men and women were minions .
tr	NNS	The surroundings were terribly unpleasant and I felt I had learned enough .
tr	NNS	The seas will run dry .
tr	NNS	The summers had grown cold and the winters long and icy .
tr	NN	There 's a decent campsite a couple of hours up .
tr	NN	The four-door sedan was at top speed at 85 mph .
tr	NNS	""" The winds are now acceptable ."
tr	NNS	The eggs were a farm of maggots and locusts fighting for space on the plates .
tr	NN	The very chase of women led to the purpose , direction , careers and family life of a man .
tr	NN	Cover art had become an increasingly sought after art form .
tr	NN	The master inspected him thoughtfully .
tr	NN	The chemical stink of the tannery half a mile away .
tr	NNS	Her tits were practically falling out of a bra that was clearly too small for her .
tr	NN	There was chili and sour cream all over the carpet .
tr	NNS	The images on the crystal surface pulled quickly into focus .
tr	NNS	"As you can see , there are no adverse effects . """
tr	NN	Like WWII battles , dawn brought surging violence and night brought an uneasy quiet .
tr	NN	The whips , the electrical charges bother the dragon as it tries to thwart Danica ´ s assault .
tr	NNS	""" There are GED classes two nights a week at the Courthouse ."
tr	NN	She eased her legs over the side of the narrow cot , bracing herself in preparation for the tenderness her bruising would demonstrate as she slowly stood .
tr	NNS	His questioning inflection contradicted the happy look on his face , causing me to silently curse myself for being so vulnerable .
tr	NNS	"With a closer look Beth asked , "" Your motor functions are no longer operative , are they . """
tr	NN	Without the need for words , the mighty mount seemed to agree with Camden .
tr	NN	Your trained fighting unit of eighty-seven men may be the largest , strongest military organization left in the world .
tr	NNS	Words hold no value when you 've used them your whole life to hurt people rather than heal them .
tr	NNS	Two musty pack rats , whose eyes and teeth glinted in the half-light , sniffed at Ron 's cheeks .
tr	NN	Thinking of his interrogations made me shudder .
tr	NN	The instinct to help Nina was so , so strong .
tr	NN	Anger and distress radiate from him .
tr	NNS	Over seventy cycles ago these differences plunged my world into a terrible war that threatened to tear it apart .
tr	NN	After ten years , the arrangement was working fine .
tr	NN	His network is huge and spreads all over the Americas and Europe .
tr	NN	""" My master asked that you might come quickly , my lord . """
tr	NN	A fluffy rug sat between the couches , covering the dark wood floors .
tr	NNS	Reyes had trouble sleeping that night .
tr	NN	"Their first commercial success is , of course , "" Necromancy for the Greater Good . """
tr	NN	A tremor went through her as he looked around with angry bemusement .
tr	NN	Every stroke of her fingers along those terrible burns made her feel closer to him .
tr	NNS	Behind her , trains were arriving and going .
tr	NN	A brief eternity later , they were on solid ground , facing a medium-sized cavern , and Elena fel to her knees .
tr	NNS	Community religious leaders kept threatening to board up Coldwater 's hotbed of iniquity for disorderly teens ... also known as the Devil 's Handbag .
tr	NNS	Soldiers were busy collecting the remains of their fallen comrades .
tr	NN	As an afterthought Love stepped over to the fridge .
tr	NN	""" Contact on the right flank ! """
tr	NN	Knox 's h * ps jerk forward , wanting , needing more .
tr	NN	Her pulse thundered in her ears and her mouth went dry .
tr	NNS	""" No foes of the House of Gaius could attempt to usurp control of me if they did not know of me . """
tr	NN	The scratch looked like a scar on a lover 's face .
tr	NNS	The little pools of liquid on my skin dried slowly , and it felt good to be empty , to be still for a moment .
tr	NNS	""" Things 'll be much mo ' fun if ye do ."
tr	NNS	Looks like you don 't know it all like you think you do !
tr	NNS	"Things could go wrong . """
tr	NNS	But the experiences of being chased , learning something of the truth about his family and travelling to this place had given him new ideas .
tr	NN	An elf with delicate , angular features stepped into the soft blue light of the room .
tr	NNS	A humorless smile twisted his lips as he deliberately stumbled over a patch of grass , seeming to lose his balance .
tr	NN	Anger and pain swelled up inside him .
tr	NN	Kaza 's roar had brought the centaurs up to see what all the fuss was about .
tr	NN	The armour was large , chunky , yet looked distinctly fashionable .
tr	NNS	And even if the sand didn 't get you , the pirates or creatures of the night would .
tr	NN	The notion chilled her and she hoped it wasn 't a foreshadowing of her future .
tr	NN	Rather than thrill her , the vow worried her .
tr	NN	Love fortified her weakness .
tr	NN	The value and the volume of deals you close during a year in turn drives the bonus .
tr	NN	He was sitting at the table , a baby cradled in his arms , its deafening cries reverberating through the empty house .
tr	NN	Only the plates rattling sharply together broke the ensuing stunned silence .
tr	NN	A creation the likes of which she 'd never imagined .
tr	NNS	His instincts for children were better than he thought .
tr	NNS	eight Grayson had lunch delivered to the hangar .
tr	NNS	"Others do not . """
tr	NN	A method of extraction would have to be devised .
tr	NNS	Amidst such caressing signs of mutual fear they parted .
tr	NN	Her uncle still hadn 't touched his meal .
tr	NN	The expression on his face softened , the amber eyes telegraphing appreciation . '
tr	NN	At the beginning of the year , the teacher told her students it would prepare them for real life .
tr	NNS	Lights went off and the house went quiet .
tr	NN	A spark shoots between us breaking us apart , throwing us from each other .
tr	NNS	The fumes decree that it 's extremely alcoholic , so I tip some into my weak tea .
tr	NNS	Over my shoulder , two wolves , still in human form , were scrambling onto the tracks .
tr	NN	Every morning when he glanced in the mirror his reflection seemed to sag a little more .
tr	NN	An owl hooted in the distance .
tr	NNS	Only several stakes positioned in a semi-circle with a fire resting upon each one .
tr	NNS	"My favorite little traitors have come to see me once more . """
tr	NNS	All unregistered Citizens from lower sectors must have clearance .
tr	NN	"Presently the landlord was describing the kitchen as "" cosy and convenient for modern living "" ."
tr	NNS	Looks like they 'll be , needing a piper any day now .
tr	NN	"There 's no real damage to the bladder . """
tr	NN	""" God works in mysterious ways , "" my pa told me ."
tr	NN	The subconscious was something that couldn 't be predicted .
tr	NN	The FBI agent leaned back in her chair and rubbed her eyes with the tips of her fingers .
tr	NN	A tape recorder appeared .
tr	NN	So the modified toaster doesn 't work after all .
tr	NN	Why did the warrior cross the road ?
tr	NN	The entrance to the cave was as big as a grand hall , sloping steeply downwards a short distance after the entrance .
tr	NNS	""" Things like this . """
tr	NNS	Lots of people showed up , and we had more than enough food .
tr	NNS	Others clambered up from the boat .
tr	NN	A scar she 'd sort of given him when they 'd been six , jumping on the trampoline and he 'd collided with her head .
tr	NN	Yet today , there is minor progress .
tr	NNS	The creatures closely resembled the sea animals Aros had seen before on another world .
tr	NN	My lease was ending at the end of the month .
tr	NN	""" There 's no conflict here , Stephan ."
tr	NN	A crazed gleam entered Reyes 's eyes , a glint that scared her .
tr	NNS	Even sent documents , if you can believe it .
tr	NNS	Three figures stood conversing quietly just feet from them .
tr	NNS	"How many members are in his little cult ? """
tr	NNS	Other patrons stopped what they were doing and stared .
tr	NNS	Whether the girl 's story was true or not , the stakes were too high to turn down the gamble .
tr	NN	A half-dozen footmen were standing at attention upon the shallow , graceful steps that led from the drive to the front door .
tr	NN	Because she 's still looking like a dark , pissed-off angel there in the middle of the wet highway .
tr	NN	The disgust in their voices gave her a sense of peace .
tr	NNS	Several pairs of envious eyes darted in her direction , nearly burning her with jealous rage .
tr	NN	""" He believes it , "" he said to the others , "" the idiot believes it . """
tr	NN	Jordan 's grandmother turned to squint at her .
tr	NNS	"Looks like the best thing to do is have some dinner and get some sleep . """
tr	NN	On the bed lay a black hard sided suitcase .
tr	NN	The bright aura surrounding you reflects how very special you are .
tr	NNS	Thoughts like that had no place in his mind right now .
tr	NNS	These waiting areas were empty , and there was no one working to check in clients .
tr	NNS	""" A few kisses , a few shots of tequila , and there I was with my dress up around my waist ."
tr	NNS	The streetlights click on , bathing the Shadows in a filtered yellow glow .
tr	NN	The gangly dwarf opened his door , held his staff , and waited for him to emerge .
tr	NNS	His pupils are so large that his eyes look nearly black .
tr	NNS	His mattress has been flipped over and slashed and a few holes have been put in his wall .
tr	NN	Her clothing and food were simple , but she had them , as well as a place to sleep that stayed warm most nights .
tr	NN	There was a pale blue outline of a fish that stretched from just above his wrist almost to his elbow .
tr	NNS	Others thinking I was forced won 't make them back my plans .
tr	NNS	Just like that , his pupils expanded , black consuming gold .
tr	NNS	Rufus grabbed him a cold beer , and a seat at the bar and got ready to hear the story .
tr	NNS	""" Dark curses fade ? """
tr	NN	And the county sheriff would be busy visiting more homes -- telling more families that their loved ones were dead .
tr	NN	An antique armoire adorned the wall next to the door , and an exquisite table graced the middle of the room .
tr	NN	His status as the grandson of an Earl and his professed interest in marrying her seemed to be the sum total of his attractive features .
tr	NNS	The ordinary predictions are bad enough .
tr	NNS	""" Things weren 't so cheerful for a while there last night ."
tr	NN	Part of her wished that he 'd let her handle such negotiations .
tr	NN	A trio of crows grated to one another in the pines , and a hawk carved a lazy spiral against the sky .
tr	NNS	Her pupils were redder than cherries .
tr	NNS	And that ladies and gentlemen caught me completely off guard .
tr	NNS	Her visits to his hotel were strictly sexual in every way except in the way that she looked at him - things go unspoken .
tr	NNS	Things build up ; people have long memories .
tr	NN	"But Chance pushed , asking , "" The man you ... what ? """
tr	NNS	The teachers press themselves against the hallway walls as the onslaught becomes imminent .
tr	NNS	""" Don 't the wolves have to be part of your family ? """
tr	NN	The clothing was a joke and it was sad .
tr	NNS	No security cameras and no nearby instant cash machines that might supply a visual diary .
tr	NN	Her spunk reminded me of Kiersten .
tr	NN	""" So tell me what it is that brings you here today , "" the duke said , folding his wrinkled hands together ."
tr	NNS	There were paintings on the walls , crystal chandeliers , and marble pillars that rose up to a white ceiling above .
tr	NN	Her wailing had stopped although her voice still trembled .
tr	NN	His explanation was so stark and matter-of-fact .
tr	NNS	The gears in my brain turned slowly , incorporating his age into what I knew .
tr	NN	Her surface network of blue veins was slightly more visible than other people 's because she was nearly pale enough to be translucent .
tr	NNS	""" How are the negotiations going ? """
tr	NNS	Cadmus asked , pulling me up by my arms to look at me .
tr	NN	Vicki 's vows to be cautious had nothing on Ryan 's dark eyes or the strong and steady beat of his heart beneath her hands .
tr	NN	My ma 's book .
tr	NN	Having a sister was just too new a concept to truly seep into his thoughts .
tr	NN	There was this one chick , Kate , who would not take not for a answer .
tr	NN	"But my therapist had an alternative proposal ; he would refrain from contacting the police because he thought I could be "" cured "" ."
tr	NN	Her Hungarian accent had become more pronounced , a sign that she was in a state of high agitation .
tr	NN	A review may cost you a minute , but it may eventually help someone find his way home .
tr	NN	The spider didn 't answer .
tr	NNS	The boards had gone gray ; the windows were broken ; the porch listed to one side .
tr	NN	His entire torso couldn 't have been any wider than one of my thighs .
tr	NN	The canoe continued on down the river until the wind changed , and the general was getting the full force of the stench .
tr	NN	""" The uncertainty of tomorrow weighs on both of us ."
tr	NNS	Looks like it 's up to me .
tr	NNS	Her fingernails puncture Alex 's neck , sending a line of blood down the front of his shirt .
tr	NNS	The evil creatures used their beauty as a lethal weapon .
tr	NN	This cart is heavy and cumbersome and leaves me feeling anything but free .
tr	NNS	Others fixed on the anarchy out the windows , watching Gehenna and its citizens burn .
tr	NN	""" An arrest warrant . """
tr	NN	"A cougar that can 't let go of her youth so I chase younger men looking for a thrill . """
tr	NN	""" Good , "" the woman 's scowl deepened "" I 'd have done far worst to him for such a colossal screw up ."
tr	NN	There was a limit to formality , after all .
tr	NNS	Rufus finished the water in his skin , his eyes on the horizon from which he had recently appeared .
tr	NNS	The twins and I explained the limitations to her .
tr	NN	The Master watched as he closed and locked the gate , before entering the impressive building through one of the side doors .
tr	NNS	Underwater , powerful creatures thrashed against the side of the galleon .
tr	NN	""" The boom , "" McBride pointed , "" is heavy ."
tr	NN	How long could the tour take ?
tr	NN	Part of it fear for his son 's life -- hoping the team in orbit did their job .
tr	NNS	"Werewolves aren 't real . """
tr	NNS	After a few feet there was no signs of Cruz .
tr	NNS	The companions began glancing at each other 's faces in desperation now .
tr	NN	A custom van pulled up to the curb across the street .
tr	NNS	The ladies danced around the room , the china and knickknacks clinking in their wake .
tr	NNS	"It 's not funny , creatures like you making threats like that . """
tr	NN	The operator had blocked traffic on the street behind him .
tr	NN	His chuckles died abruptly as he listened to the party on the other end of the line .
tr	NNS	The hot wetness stung his eyes , almost as if he was crying , but that wasn 't possible .
tr	NN	""" Because I sorta knew he was interested in me . """
tr	NN	A large loft fit for a king , to be exact .
tr	NN	The second lantern , the one he 'd left with his brother , was down in the grave , resting upon the wooden top of the coffin .
tr	NN	A growl tore from his throat .
tr	NNS	Animals had milled around .
tr	NNS	""" There are bad pigs ? """
tr	NN	She was so small , the tray looked as if it overpowered her .
tr	NN	After the rain the previous night , the vineyard sparkled in the sunlight .
tr	NNS	Reyes held her , and she burrowed against him , his strength trickling into her .
tr	NNS	""" The prayers I prayed tonight were between me and God ."
tr	NNS	Charm swathed in palm blood drew out answers staining riddles meant only for the cover of gathering fire nights .
tr	NN	"Then , a knight cut an enemy 's head for burping . """
tr	NN	The city government backed them with food stores , at Tia 's suggestion .
tr	NN	The heap lunged at the hat .
tr	NN	And there 's a tape too , on that burglar system .
tr	NNS	Myles arched an eyebrow at him .
tr	NN	Altman 's global headquarters is in Washington , which isn 't particularly unusual .
tr	NNS	"There were murmurs of surprise , then a guy said "" Ben , I can do it - "" "" No ."
tr	NNS	The sobs just got louder when he sat on the bed and grabbed me .
tr	NNS	Behind it hills rose , carpeted with bushes and trees , a blaze of fertility unmatched in Greece .
tr	NNS	Diggs came over and pulled me aside , a hand on my arm .
tr	NNS	After that the little villages grew into towns .
tr	NN	In its finalized form , this theory maintains that there are four sources from which Islamic law can be drawn .
tr	NN	The master sergeant looked up from the papers he was studying and smiled .
tr	NN	The little tartan hamster that lived in his head had stopped at the side of a remote road to ponder the stars .
tr	NNS	Animals tend to get scared easily , and these were no different .
tr	NN	The cowboy was doing us a favor , and a long one , so I decided to make conversation , be polite .
tr	NNS	The footsteps passed , but Mac and Jace remained hidden .
tr	NN	The south was seacoast ; mountains blocked the north .
tr	NN	So what had the prophecy meant ?
tr	NN	""" Just a demo , please , "" called the guardian wearily ."
tr	NNS	Shouts echoed through the doors and the crowd outside parted to make a path for the police .
tr	NN	Nicky grinned , obviously pleased to have dropped that bombshell .
tr	NN	Kate 's h * ps rise and push instinctively as she gets closer , in time with my tongue as it pushes in and out .
tr	NN	His GPS transmitter was in one of the bags .
tr	NN	The dragon has released himself from the spire .
tr	NN	"Your agenda no longer aligns with the CSA 's . """
tr	NN	See , a recently read student is always brilliant to have on hand .
tr	NN	Hopefully her uncle wouldn 't be too mad .
tr	NN	A blush rose to my cheeks .
tr	NNS	Things , he felt , could only improve .
tr	NN	The prized merchandise of her youth had since melted into oblivion .
tr	NNS	Money and conquest intoxicated Serge .
tr	NNS	These poisons are very , very dangerous and Nightshade alone can kill with even a small amount .
tr	NN	The captain sat in the chair and motioned for them to sit on the emerald green couch .
tr	NN	The pulsing hatred behind the words she screamed at me earlier return .
tr	NN	Those slug tracks ... well , back at Durham I heard stories about people waking up to find those around their house .
tr	NNS	Soon , fireflies would come into view , acting as mobile stars in the rice fields , and the stage would be set .
tr	NN	Beaver fur is very soft and the skins are used for making very good clothes .
tr	NNS	So the nurses came , and he and Val had to wait outside while they were cleaning him up .
tr	NN	Her pulse beat more rapidly as she drank in his appearance . '
tr	NN	Her own shawl was coming along , though not at any great speed .
tr	NN	A low growl rumbled from his throat .
tr	NNS	""" What exactly are these stress tests ? """
tr	NNS	""" The staff members at the hospital claimed you were angry , more than most ."
tr	NNS	About five feet away , someone downstairs pulled the cord that opened the ladder to the crawl space .
tr	NNS	There are numerous signs prohibiting photography .
tr	NN	A great roar came , and then all was quick and blinding .
tr	NNS	""" New clientele are coming in ."
tr	NN	The Count to twenty and jump sign gave me enough time to move the sling out of Doc 's way .
tr	NNS	The provisions they gathered were scarce .
tr	NNS	My bare forearms are starting to burn .
tr	NN	""" Their leader is on the fortress of the third behemoth . """
tr	NN	The throbbing to stop .
tr	NNS	He had warned her the traitors would do whatever necessary to gain command of her Medallion .
tr	NN	One night our lamp shorted out and then there was this horrible smell .
tr	NN	His honesty was intoxicating .
tr	NNS	My inner eyelids closed protectively and I blushed after glancing down to find a black blade held at my belly .
tr	NNS	My calculations are flawless .
tr	NNS	"No worries about luck there , "" I said with as much bravado I could muster , not even convincing myself ."
tr	NNS	The drums appeared both snappy like Stewart Copeland 's yet huge like Jon Bonham 's .
tr	NN	""" What was the blackmail ?"
tr	NN	The intruder fell back toward the floor as the swivel chair rotated again out from behind him , dropping him to the floor on his butt .
tr	NNS	Many medical research facilities actually maintain Media Rooms for release of such material .
tr	NN	Ahead of me a gap had opened and the traffic started to move .
tr	NNS	The giant wolves bounded happily after the fairy as if the world was a peaceful place .
tr	NNS	Eager but patient , the villagers waited until he had eaten and rested before expecting him to display his goods for trade .
tr	NNS	But also the dinosaurs and the other prehistoric things .
tr	NNS	"And because of this , "" he waved the hand for emphasis , a gesture which caused him to wince , "" my priorities have changed ."
tr	NN	Your grandmother is Arapaho , your grandfather a white man .
tr	NN	His method of making tea was an unusual mixture of traditional English and traditional Chinese .
tr	NNS	What should have been exaggerated movements became minimal .
tr	NNS	Others were behind them , either skirting around the farm or walking directly through the farmyard .
tr	NN	A knight named Frederick the Red .
tr	NN	Our territory was three times as vast as continental masses of the past .
tr	NNS	Her wares defied the colour palette of the station .
tr	NNS	Things are back on line and we are catching up with the orders thanks to Catfish and some of his crews .
tr	NN	Riley turned to us , an amused look on his face .
tr	NNS	The documents in it were as dull as the rest .
tr	NN	The acrid stench of urine filled the car .
tr	NN	""" Not the sheriff , but yeah , he 's one of the deputies , "" Connie told her ."
tr	NNS	Flames shot up around the edges of the room .
tr	NNS	Flowers are not a big deal .
tr	NNS	""" Things are a little more serious this time , Pol ."
tr	NNS	Meanwhile , new currents of trade and commerce were disrupting China 's simple agricultural society , bringing additional social and economic changes in their wake .
tr	NN	Architectural design was much more fun .
tr	NN	The snake doesn 't move .
tr	NNS	The last drops trickled from his fingers and loins .
tr	NN	Part of her felt bad that Brian had to take the brunt of this situation , but it was only fair .
tr	NN	In each instance the caller had stayed on the line long enough for the beep to sound .
tr	NN	The announcement had said the newlyweds would honeymoon in Mexico .
tr	NNS	"For now , six variations will have to suffice . """
tr	NNS	""" The rats died from something outside ."
tr	NNS	Then there 're claims of old love letters , lockets . '
tr	NNS	The raids , for instance , were becoming surprisingly easy .
tr	NNS	Sadness clouded his face as he looked at her hands .
tr	NN	""" That jolt kicked up too much sediment at the bottom , "" the tech told him ."
tr	NN	The arrival of an overnight delivery van interrupted yet another denunciation of Gordon Lasher .
tr	NN	Skipper 's tail stopped and he looked forlorn as she moved away from the door .
tr	NNS	His thrusts weren 't easy .
tr	NNS	When they pulled in at the Utilities entrance , the gates were open enough for the van to squeeze through .
tr	NNS	Behind it stood an easel with a covered painting , art supplies scattered beneath .
tr	NNS	The house servants all fussed over Amira from the instant she stepped out of the coach .
tr	NN	""" Mist , "" the elf said , looking up , posing the word as a half question ."
tr	NN	The cart bumped against the first fallen tree , going no farther .
tr	NN	""" Always the optimist , "" Jack said dryly ."
tr	NN	If I take on a substandard worker , my reputation will suffer . '
tr	NNS	"Very few mothers eat their young once they 've hit maturity . """
tr	NN	Her hip nudged insistent pressure against him , hot friction that left his jeans uncomfortably tight .
tr	NN	Nonetheless , Dr. Pollock 's theory still seemed like a stretch .
tr	NN	A TV was the first thing she asked for from her boyfriends because she knew I loved it .
tr	NNS	Folks , please keep quiet for just a moment .
tr	NNS	Looks like he 's had some adventures .
tr	NN	Work , Love , Relationships .
tr	NNS	In the long silence that follows , soft splashes sound below .
tr	NNS	"Marius has plenty . """
tr	NN	A loud crash shot out of the speakers and the sounds of men screaming followed .
tr	NNS	Looks like the bitch is going to throw a fit .
tr	NNS	A few more scenes flashed before Shai recognized another face .
tr	NNS	For whatever reason , the members of Charlotte 's odd menagerie wanted him to know their secrets .
tr	NNS	A loud crash downstairs tore him away from her .
tr	NN	Os ' mar pushed the stone on the side of the door to the side as a scanner popped out .
tr	NN	""" His lordship 's order , m ' lady ."
tr	NN	A log settles in the fireplace , sending off a small shower of sparks .
tr	NN	""" Because it swivels , "" he was saying , "" there 's an assembly of about seventeen pieces under the hood holding it on ."
tr	NN	Love crossed the room until he was standing in front of her .
tr	NNS	Two black bladed daggers came out of my wrists and I threw them at the Light Ninja as it approached me .
tr	NN	Our intrepid Gumshoe may hope Lang will immortalize him on late-night vid .
tr	NN	The staircase was in the back of the house .
tr	NN	""" There is another option . """
tr	NN	The plasma shows a single brown colored cylinder .
tr	NN	""" Who 's teaching ? """
tr	NNS	Large LED spotlights crossed each other leading up to the entrance of the mansion .
tr	NN	In his lap was the half-formed raven , its head tilted back , beak agape .
tr	NNS	""" Your Highness does not wish to play this game anymore ."
tr	NNS	The ceilings were just eight feet high , so he easily reached the cord and pulled the folding stairs down .
tr	NN	""" No map is entirely accurate ."
tr	NN	The guilt she still harbored over Ellie swelled in her chest .
tr	NNS	In fact , her suggestions often became policy after a period of debate .
tr	NNS	Hendricks has something clutched in his right fist .
tr	NN	Even though several million humans survived , the chaos created was so devastating that society devolved into nomads and farmers .
tr	NN	""" The guy writing this piece of crap , "" The Author said , "" Now get focused on that black object ."
tr	NNS	Looks like she 's totaled .
tr	NNS	His paws scratched the rock as he spun out before getting traction .
tr	NN	Black market , she realized .
tr	NN	The curb at the pre-school is chaos .
tr	NNS	Then the window openings became free , and she saw far over the trees of the garden the clouds covering the whole sky .
tr	NNS	"Looks like we got a little crispy though . """
tr	NNS	The red wolves are in danger of extinction .
tr	NN	The air-conditioning pumping through the vent above Bart 's head made him cold .
tr	NN	When Kincaid let go , the shield he liked to call his own , poured over Amber and molded itself to her frame .
tr	NN	... The Sky Monster will transport this man to your hospital ?
tr	NNS	""" The witnesses get a license plate ? """
tr	NN	That maniac was the last person he 'd wanted to run into .
tr	NNS	Things had always been like this .
tr	NN	"The tip framed each victim 's head . """
tr	NNS	"The winds have come to ask me questions and I cannot answer them . """
tr	NNS	Aquinas However , most other medieval philosophers pale in comparison to Saint Thomas Aquinas .
tr	NNS	Rawlings entered the room empty-handed , a look of dread on his face .
tr	NNS	"The dresses you designed and made are wonderful . """
tr	NNS	The clever schemes of man and nature often have their own ideas .
tr	NN	""" And our progress is moving extremely well ."
tr	NNS	' The gates are opening ! '
tr	NN	"His medic knew , of course . """
tr	NN	""" The operation is to be performed on me . """
tr	NNS	After all , our pack had threatened to kill us both if we ever contacted - let alone went near - any pack members .
tr	NNS	But the funny actions only turned to licentious images in her head .
tr	NN	Love seems tangent to all emotions at once -- a nebulous cloud of rational and irrational thought , impossible to pin down , impossible to generalize .
tr	NNS	""" Now , see , your cleverness is coming back to snap at you . """
tr	NNS	Both my siblings and I sat huddled next to her , like little children again .
tr	NNS	""" There are several limits involved if you drag your body along ."
tr	NN	There was a padding of feet and two solemn faces appeared round the door .
tr	NNS	Goss watched the sky to the east slowly begin to lighten .
tr	NN	Nausea nearly suffocated Lilly at the sight .
tr	NN	This scenario was incredible and cruel but this could happen if the U.S. government does nothing about this threat .
tr	NNS	Two more members of Randi 's team were shoving their way toward them .
tr	NN	"The Spring Rose indeed is one of the finest ships in Rosetta , and I 'm honored to be her captain , "" said the captain ."
tr	NNS	The edges are like tiny razor blades .
tr	NNS	And the teachers have me pegged for a criminal , which is why they put me in remedial class .
tr	NNS	* * * Our grandparents live on the other side of the island , and they 're the best too - Mum 's parents .
tr	NN	The mayor was tall and wide , but not muscular .
tr	NNS	The winds whipped around her , cyclonic and steady .
tr	NN	The government has assured the people that the ' decommissioning ' of a bionic enhancement is humane .
tr	NN	From what I can gather , the language is Esperanto .
tr	NN	"The pretense was I thought it would improve my track time or something like that . """
tr	NN	Chance laid his hand on her shoulder , and I forced my eyes to Mike 's face .
tr	NNS	The footsteps stopped right next to me , and I peered up into the shining sun that turned the person into a dark shadow .
tr	NNS	Your leaders have not protected you .
tr	NN	""" But the papers say he blowed it off his head in an accident , "" the other twin reminded him ."
tr	NN	Despair and loneliness crashed into me like the waves of an angry ocean , ready to pull me under , to suffocate me in its power .
tr	NNS	The pirates had grown up with tales of men wearing black who would jump out from shadows and slit your throat before you even knew it .
tr	NNS	Like there were thousands and thousands of other dead people floating up here , too , in a great hazy gray layer .
tr	NNS	The concepts added a wide eyed glance and a frown to the eyebrow display .
tr	NN	He was just as blood soaked as she was , with sweat trickling down his temples , his robe soaked to his skin .
tr	NN	Her gown reeked from the rancid water that had doused her and her fingers , now stiff and swollen , throbbed constantly .
tr	NN	The blue wool sweater , complete with matching hat and scarf would do no such thing , but she enjoyed baiting him .
tr	NN	Part of that is the water horses ' reputation , I think , and part of it is the stable 's .
tr	NNS	Things had seemed to be amicable on the surface , but the lying , cheating bastard had abused Maddy 's innocence and love .
tr	NN	The texture of the ground was like recently dried mud , covered in a pattern of cracks that reminded me of one of my jigsaw puzzles .
tr	NNS	Shouts came from every direction .
tr	NN	The agony of not knowing coiled in her stomach like a black knot .
tr	NNS	My heart rate increases and a slow flush spreads across my cheeks .
tr	NN	Part of me understood what they were saying .
tr	NN	The intern wheeled his gurney inside .
tr	NN	A map showing a path through the city immediately formed on the glass door .
tr	NN	Her grandmother , whose strength she had seriously underestimated until now , caught the hand mid-air and glared at the two of them .
tr	NNS	The peaks were barely visible .
tr	NN	""" My employer will give you twenty-four hours to agree to ditch the added research . """
tr	NNS	Usually such visits brought tears and storm clouds , followed by a sullen , silent ride home .
tr	NN	The werewolf looked around him at all of the dead monsters and just laughed .
tr	NNS	The small supplies that they had brought with them from the farmhouse had lasted only a few days .
tr	NN	a lady agent named Sandy asked .
tr	NN	My grandmother offered to drive her , but she had her monthly garden club meeting .
tr	NNS	Day stumbles against me , then loses his balance , and we collapse backward into my bed .
tr	NNS	Are your servants slaves ?
tr	NNS	The duchess finally conceded defeat with an imperceptible inclination of her immaculately coiffed head .
tr	NN	Military discipline is a core tenant , taught to children from an early age .
tr	NNS	Mahogany display cases held dusty tomes , yellowed scrolls , and worn artifacts from every age of man .
tr	NNS	Loud footsteps came through the cavern , and hope blossomed inside her .
tr	NN	""" How 's the kitten ? """
tr	NNS	Words would not come .
tr	NNS	The figures closed ranks tightly against them .
tr	NN	""" Some kind of criminal , I guess , "" scoffed the sergeant ."
tr	NNS	The small animal 's instincts went from fight to flight after it hit a tree , and it scrambled away .
tr	NN	Only the quiet rustle of the tree 's leaves greeted her back .
tr	NNS	The paintings spin in front of me .
tr	NNS	Smaller drums took up the cadence .
tr	NN	"Your lord needs bed rest for at least the next three days . """
tr	NN	The discomfort was starting to build far past the tolerance point .
tr	NN	There wasn 't a huge support network for threesomes , after all .
tr	NN	"... "" The can design is different , and I 'm afraid it 's warm , but it 's Diet Coke , all right . """
tr	NNS	There were priorities here .
tr	NNS	"Others have just been in the same circles too long . """
tr	NN	Alyssa 's birthday was a year away .
tr	NN	Her grandmother waved her back , shaking her head firmly .
tr	NNS	A hundred or more wolves gathered together .
tr	NNS	""" Things will happen faster than you think . """
tr	NN	My bull detector was pegging , so I knew he had no intention of letting us go alive .
tr	NN	If possible , steam would have been billowing out of Christian 's ears .
tr	NN	"The division is purely on lines of wealth ; the Hutu being the peasant farmers , the Tutsi the dominant land owners . """
tr	NN	""" What was your degree in ? """
tr	NN	Love was forever , but not everything else could be .
tr	NNS	Its jaws dripped off its head in a circle of long pointed teeth .
tr	NN	The backyard was fairly large , with a swimming pool shaped like a peanut .
tr	NNS	Everyone backstage knows that you 're the real deal .
tr	NNS	The wood boards creaked under her heels , and the wind whistled through the trees overhead .
tr	NN	""" There is a range of strength within every Jewel ."
tr	NNS	What would their rich clients think about that ?
tr	NN	The captain wouldn 't look at him .
tr	NN	The gunfire sounded even louder if that were possible .
tr	NNS	Other couples held hands like teenagers , even when they hadn 't been teenagers for over half a century .
tr	NNS	My cousins Tony and Matt were sitting lazily on the couch playing video games while Al fired up the BBQ in the backyard .
tr	NN	Every inch of the house was beautiful .
tr	NN	There was the faint outline of a silver box .
tr	NNS	"Police and autopsy reports say he hit the victim twice with his fists and cracked his skull . """
tr	NN	His grandmother was waiting for her behind the dugout and they nodded to each other .
tr	NN	""" The beacon , "" Shapiro said ."
tr	NNS	The footsteps get louder as whoever it is is getting closer .
tr	NNS	The suits were hot and cold at the same time .
tr	NNS	Two mech wolves glared at him from the courtyard periphery .
tr	NN	The clear pane set at eye level had gone dark .
tr	NN	"The only remaining witness is going to appear questionable at best . """
tr	NNS	Things that stayed inside envelopes were time bombs .
tr	NNS	But the safety protocols turned out to be in ROMs .
tr	NNS	Two grenades had destroyed the prison 's front door and taken out the remaining windows .
tr	NNS	The cameras panned back over the mountainside , attempting to spot the two children .
tr	NN	As he did , Gwyn 's giggle got louder , and Thor realized that Krohn was leading him to her .
tr	NNS	Things were a little different now , but maybe not by much .
tr	NNS	Gentle creatures as a rule , interested in feeding .
tr	NN	The cow was dead , really dead and now she 's up and moving .
tr	NNS	Families are giving out gifts to their loved ones .
tr	NNS	""" Things between us had just been so different lately ."
tr	NNS	No visitors for at least ten minutes was the unspoken rule .
tr	NNS	Others aboard noticed , however , and so began her trouble .
tr	NN	But then ... there was Brand .
tr	NN	""" I don , t know ."
tr	NNS	Assassination attempts , murders , and more political machinations than I could keep track of had kept me from fulfilling it .
tr	NN	The midnight gaze slid toward Shay .
tr	NN	My folk are quite terrified .
tr	NNS	""" They 'd butcher their own meat , grow their own vegetables , mill flour ."
tr	NNS	Things went on quietly in the Vale for about fifty years .
tr	NNS	The winds had increased with the tide change , which caused Captain Cook enough anxiety to partially lower the sails .
tr	NNS	Things were starting to make sense in the weirdest way possible .
tr	NNS	Bloody crows , man , you know me better than that .
tr	NNS	If the enemies noticed her descent , her father 's efforts would be in vain .
tr	NN	The chase wasn 't over just yet .
tr	NNS	""" Are cats trainable ? """
tr	NNS	Throughout the crowd the dancers and the drinkers , one by one , turned to the tower .
tr	NNS	""" Where are the teachers ? """
tr	NNS	All institutions try to maintain iconic models within the physical nature of reality .
tr	NNS	""" Some traders came west as well , up the Missouri , but they were few ."
tr	NN	The hawk struck hard and fast .
tr	NN	My science teacher said he will give anyone extra credit if they can re-create the slime that was used in the movie .
tr	NNS	Inside the command module he now had four dull red lights glowing on the flight console and two the two small computer screens showed nothing .
tr	NNS	""" So , at the end of the interval , Barry 's clients have left . """
tr	NNS	The other hell hounds growled with rage at their fallen leader as they lunged towards me pulling the same disappearing .
tr	NN	"Your grandmother is the best quilter there is . """
tr	NNS	Things will always turn out okay because they always have .
tr	NNS	Words were beyond him .
tr	NNS	Alexis spent the night staring at the ceiling of her cell .
tr	NN	My orgasm ripped through me at his command .
tr	NNS	"Maybe even His Highness , if you were charming enough . """
tr	NN	The best option was for me to go to the Greyhound station and retrieve whatever sat inside the locker .
tr	NNS	In other fields of medicine , new imaging techniques , including magnetic resonance imaging and computed tomography , revolutionized the diagnosis of disease .
tr	NN	""" The electricity is out in the entire city . """
tr	NN	A psychic tap on the shoulder had him looking toward the house .
tr	NNS	The sobs became a brokenhearted keening .
tr	NN	But now , the balance of power is completely off because I want this with a desperation that puts too much out of my control .
tr	NNS	Others , my friends , ran out .
tr	NNS	Some experiences and memories just don 't or can 't cross the boundary ; others make it through intact .
tr	NN	Each unit will require class participation , individual labs , reading assignments , and a quiz .
tr	NNS	No doubt , the nurses were right outside my door .
tr	NN	But then again , my other option was Roscoe .
tr	NN	Honesty , integrity , talent , genius .
tr	NN	The Israeli government was excited to be apart of it .
tr	NNS	Things that could save them .
tr	NN	""" Welcome , then , Miss Tessa Gray of New York , "" said the Consul , sounding amused ."
tr	NN	Part of that hippie nonsense he 's always spouting .
tr	NN	With a shrug , the black robe draping Sorin 's shoulders fell to the ground , leaving him as bare-chested as Aden .
tr	NNS	Waves of heat staggered them as they struggled to keep formation and clear the gate .
tr	NN	That sentiment brought a lump to Jasmine 's throat .
tr	NNS	Racing footsteps greeted my ears .
tr	NNS	The fullness of his package became rigid and hard in his jeans .
tr	NN	"Alex shoots her a deadpan gaze as if to say , "" Come on ."
tr	NN	What a race the Welsh are for song : songs of joy , songs of beauty and songs of war .
tr	NN	A ritual only broken when Dad died .
tr	NN	The challenge in his words reverberated through every last cell in her body despite how softly he 'd uttered them .
tr	NN	The intruder stood straight and held his head high .
tr	NN	A left-handed injection wasn 't easy , but with the victim 's cooperation , it was done .
tr	NNS	""" Demon minds bent by greed , stained with suspicion , blight the very air we breathe ."
tr	NNS	Many readers preferred cupcakes , brownies , cakes , cookies and cake pops .
tr	NNS	Their companions laughed , but they applauded and nodded .
tr	NNS	Suddenly figures emerged from the dark doorway , and hands grabbed her arms more forcefully than she was accustomed to .
tr	NN	After thousands of years of the Brothers ' kinship and our shared authority , my loyalty remained with the First .
tr	NN	More than likely its master was already angry with it for not returning immediately with its prey .
tr	NNS	There were five pairs of shoes with varying heel heights standing at attention in a perfect line facing the closet door .
tr	NN	""" That 's it -- I want these anomalies closed now , "" the captain said ."
tr	NN	""" A new storage unit , "" he said , handing the paper to me ."
tr	NN	""" Oh , we 're at least a few days from the cave , Healer , "" the werewolf looked down at her ."
tr	NNS	The servants finally got the parasol up and held it over him .
tr	NNS	And then the expedition members were alone , staring at each other , shivering in the misty rain .
tr	NNS	White ghosts of fog billowed toward the keep and the people in its path .
tr	NNS	There 's film clips -- ' ' -- of two old men making preposterous claims .
tr	NNS	Did twenty-year-old virgins even exist in this day and age ?
tr	NN	The euphoria of the moment seemed to grip everyone at the same instant , and the crowd broke into spontaneous hoots and applause .
tr	NNS	My thumbs tapped out and hit send .
tr	NNS	There were a few key differences .
tr	NNS	Their banana blades clicked together as they worked in tandem like lumberjacks .
tr	NN	So , this odd trio entered Coe Kiki , walking purposefully towards the castle and to a renewed life of good .
tr	NN	The knight gently lowered her to the stone bench which sat to one side .
tr	NNS	The dinosaurs listened to her , but they did not like it .
tr	NN	The Russian gentleman had agreed to the price and said he 'd send the bowl by courier .
tr	NNS	I opened my mouth , drawing the damp air over my tongue , sampling it , my nostrils flared .
tr	NNS	"Her fans love her and would line up for blocks to see her . """
tr	NN	One less witness against you was never a bad thing .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , there were yellow butterflies flying around us and some of them were on our shoulders , flattering their wings .
tr	NN	This new Phoebe scared her .
tr	NN	The squad leader , Ann-Marie , a marathon runner , is effortlessly leading the troop .
tr	NN	The cherry red bra had been a good luck charm .
tr	NN	Jazz is straightening out the mess .
tr	NN	The gentle and kind gleam in his eye was nothing like the arrogant man he sometimes appeared to be .
tr	NNS	The bikes are nowhere in sight .
tr	NN	Love , S. Christchurch , New Zealand December 17th , 1943 Dear S , Hello again !
tr	NN	Said Lee holding up the lamp in his hand and they all froze to the spot , the vicar moved closer to Clarence .
tr	NNS	""" Things happen for a reason , Kevin ."
tr	NN	His clothing was almost nonexistent ; his body was littered with wounds .
tr	NN	"The adrenaline doesn 't fade . """
tr	NN	There was no other explanation .
tr	NN	There was no pretense in her tears when they exhumed her cousin 's body , placed it in an ugly black bag , and carried it away .
tr	NN	""" The principal talked to us , and there were grief counselors for those who needed one ."
tr	NNS	The seats were comfortable without going far enough to induce sleep .
tr	NN	Her shoulders caved downward , her spine rounded .
tr	NNS	"Things change when the set is dark . """
tr	NNS	Outside , the dusty winds were more severe , but I didn 't linger .
tr	NNS	After a few minutes of this , his eyelids started to droop once more .
tr	NNS	The famed golden locks were a halo around the sweetest of faces , framing large eyes the same periwinkle blue as the gown she wore .
tr	NN	"This engagement is a lost cause ! """
tr	NN	A lush , expert stroke took her to the edge .
tr	NNS	"These wax figures are simulacra of you two . """
tr	NN	The closer they came to the pond , the more peaceful Bree felt .
tr	NN	Meanwhile ... The hunter was still in the rocks .
tr	NNS	At one time , your ancestors guided my path , kept me informed .
tr	NN	At all times his accent was impeccable and Donald could not find a crack in Henry 's persona .
tr	NN	The coroner had gotten an even earlier start than I 'd expected .
tr	NNS	To my eyes , the defenses looked quite impenetrable .
tr	NNS	Lights surrounded it , green to blue to white , pulsating light , with humming sound .
tr	NNS	In addition to the corpuscles , there were smaller objects ; flattened plate-like affairs were rather common , for instance .
tr	NN	The unknown werewolf was noticeably absent this time .
tr	NNS	His tentacles could look like a very realistic tattoo , and it was a tattoo , but with a thought he could make it tentacles again .
tr	NN	The deputy drew back in disgust .
tr	NN	Yet his every male instinct demanded he stay where he was .
tr	NNS	There were two major differences to this coaster , however .
tr	NNS	Things worked out better than one could have imagined .
tr	NNS	His broken promises and lack of trust were what was the breaking point for our relationship .
tr	NN	The priest sucked on his pipe , ' Hmm , devil 's work . '
tr	NN	The iron that has pumped through my veins for two years melts , turns back to warm blood .
tr	NNS	Both wolves had recovered their balance now .
tr	NNS	There are no bars in the door but it feels like a dungeon cell .
tr	NN	""" Now you owe me a beer , "" the student laughed ."
tr	NN	Reality smashed me , Scar was gone , and he wouldn 't come back , ever again .
tr	NNS	The roads , though dark , were green and mountainous .
tr	NNS	The images were of exceptional quality -- yet another prototype they were testing .
tr	NN	The redhead steered her toward the bar .
tr	NN	Her command spread through the crowd , followed by calls for order .
tr	NNS	""" There were at least ten tiles on that wall ."
tr	NN	Sick electricity forked through her as she grabbed his arm , jerked him into the light .
tr	NN	This routine , done perfectly every weekday , had become a comfort for Steven over the years .
tr	NNS	"There 's no footprints left to find . """
tr	NN	The challenge on Mitch 's face dared him to argue .
tr	NN	Her mouth clamped shut abruptly .
tr	NN	Ice cream had that effect on her , especially the chocolate kind .
tr	NNS	Then his nostrils flared and his mouth opened as he dragged in a big gulp of air .
tr	NNS	""" Your accommodations are ready for you as always ."
tr	NN	Two darts flew at her , one to either side .
tr	NNS	Being creatures that had to hunt and survive on human flesh and blood meant they had to kill quickly and efficiently .
tr	NN	a crime scene tech ventured .
tr	NN	There was a photograph of the man with his dog in front of the little backyard shack in the newspaper .
tr	NNS	The wolves behind us dropped to the ground to shift .
tr	NNS	"Just a few classes actually . """
tr	NN	The Way They Were Tragedy tore them apart .
tr	NNS	The leather seats faced each other and it had brushed chrome buttons I didn 't understand without a crumb or speck of grime anywhere around them .
tr	NN	A bullet hit a rock near his horse , sending sparks and fragments flying up into its face .
tr	NN	There was a roar and a blast of fire .
tr	NN	The secretary glanced back at him , a quick look of surprise flashing across her face .
tr	NNS	Sadness flooded her admission .
tr	NN	The dark design stood out against her pale skin .
tr	NNS	Dragging footsteps came from behind .
tr	NN	The operator spoke to me at the same time , and I couldn 't figure out what either one said .
tr	NNS	""" And his trousers so puffed out he had to turn sideways to enter the room ."
tr	NN	His deep chuckle caught her attention .
tr	NNS	The gnomes whirled , hissing and confused , looking from me to the intruder and back again .
tr	NN	The home page dissolved , to be replaced with a couple of paragraphs superimposed over a photograph of the rainforest .
tr	NN	The flight map showed that we were already over Maine .
tr	NN	Hell 's molten stench surged up through the Earth 's upper crust , allowing demons and the Fallen to torment God 's soulful creatures .
tr	NN	Part of me loves seeing her happy .
tr	NN	The leopard followed behind .
tr	NNS	The servants were grabbing items like vases and paintings then running away with them .
tr	NNS	Even the drunks in the bar wouldn 't be oblivious to a gunshot .
tr	NNS	But those dangerous and intoxicating kisses faded almost instantly when we returned to Lynne 's sorority .
tr	NN	""" They 're starting to break off onto the side streets , "" said the squad leader , coming up by his side ."
tr	NN	""" Did the sheriff say ? """
tr	NNS	In it were three letters , carefully folded , letters that she 'd read more times than she could count .
tr	NN	Another reference to an 80 's pop ballad .
tr	NNS	The edges of a couple of the lacy leaves had just begun to cradle Racer as if he were a lover .
tr	NNS	Great pools had formed in the overcrowded parking lot , where kids were trying to leap into cars without dousing their shoes .
tr	NNS	There were gaps between them , and areas which they had not been able to reach .
tr	NN	Then , a low growl escapes his throat as his lips find mine with a hungry kiss that ignites something in me .
tr	NN	Was that the explanation here ?
tr	NN	The sheriff were holding Ravenna still , but then her shoulders drew up like she were trying to push him off .
tr	NN	Every nerve in her body lit up .
tr	NN	The haze of lust and rage had cleared enough for him to think .
tr	NNS	This morning 's activities added up to the most that lazy hound had moved in six months !
tr	NN	They couldn , t find any evidence of anyone .
tr	NNS	The blasts still echoed in his head .
tr	NN	The stench was awful .
tr	NN	Now that her Mum 's younger brother David was grown up and gone off working in the mines her Grandma was living alone .
tr	NNS	My ads start tomorrow .
tr	NNS	Mages are just a superstitious lot . )
tr	NN	Obviously her lack of one had made her desperate if she was willing to be bitten just to enjoy the passion that went along with it .
tr	NN	And the cart was responding , grinding to a halt and lurching off balance .
tr	NN	There is a faint bruise on my left cheek from getting slapped , and the rest of my bruises are covered up by my clothing .
tr	NNS	Glass cases held the day 's food assortment .
tr	NN	The notebook was still in my purse .
tr	NNS	His daggers lay at his feet , and there was blood on his training clothes .
tr	NN	""" The dragon is on our side this time and so is the Source . """
tr	NNS	Two more thrusts and I rode over the edge again in a blissful orgasm .
tr	NNS	Noise levels outside indicate some of the clan has retired for a few hours at least .
tr	NN	The tournament was surprising , exciting , and fresh .
tr	NN	' Her uncle trusted me ; I gave him my word , and now I 've failed him . '
tr	NN	""" This doesn 't make any sense , "" the sheriff said ."
tr	NNS	Although these popular libation containers were similar in purpose their contents varied widely in ingredients and octane .
tr	NN	The slide of skin on skin made her lose her mind .
tr	NN	The building orgasm began to quake through me again , and I felt my entire body clench in response .
tr	NNS	The rims of his eyes were dry , crusted .
tr	NNS	""" False accusations , ludicrous trials , and other political maneuvering concealed the injustice in the guise of legality ."
tr	NN	A gloriously bright triple rainbow arches across the far side of the valley .
tr	NNS	If the couches sat just as I 'd last seen them , the paintings on the walls worse still , the piano on its low platform ?
tr	NN	The farther from the resort they traveled , the more pristine the beach , the whiter the sand and the farther they got from civilization .
tr	NN	A gray sweater clings to her waist and breasts , and she looks effortlessly beautiful .
tr	NNS	Electric batteries could not power an aircraft -- everyone knew that .
tr	NNS	Two helpers appeared from the side of the stage carrying large bags .
tr	NN	There behind her was the mass of guards that had just been on the third floor .
tr	NNS	' The hounds worked well . '
tr	NNS	The bright yellow and red colors and silvery appliances were beautiful .
tr	NNS	Suddenly , two shots exploded into the limo .
tr	NN	The lightning struck a short stone 's throw away , blasting wombats into the air .
tr	NN	No doubt the option crossed his mind .
va	NNS	Yes , clay tablets covered with nothing but tiny stick figures for persons , trees , animals .
va	NN	""" A toast , "" he said , touching his goblet lightly to hers , "" to my bride ."
va	NNS	Sweat beads had bubbled upon his forehead as he worked on the man .
va	NN	""" Into the west , "" the queen answered ."
va	NN	The title fell from his lips and she gasped .
va	NN	The block chain serves to confirm transactions to the rest of the network as having taken place .
va	NN	"A calculated conquest because now , in addition to getting exactly what he wanted from you at the cabin , you 're going to help him . """
va	NNS	Surely the external events of life were to blame , and not Joseph or at least not him alone !
va	NN	A strong gust cleared the air for a moment .
va	NN	Another whack sent the mush splattering in all directions .
va	NNS	"The five gods of fury have nothing on Hai Hai when she 's of a mind to hurt someone . """
va	NN	Spending another night in the jungle sounded less dangerous .
va	NN	Clark trotted after me , a puzzled look on his furry face at this change in the order of things .
va	NN	The bird had ... information , not to be sent .
va	NN	The director , Mr. Hardesty , greeted me at the door .
va	NNS	Oh good grief , get the hormones under control , it 's funnel cake , not your wedding cake .
va	NNS	"Other magicians are afraid to try this . """
va	NN	The skirts of her gown sparkled underneath the chandelier .
va	NN	Chapter Nineteen As soon as they crossed into the grounds of the Fallen Cemetery , a big gust of wind slammed the gate shut behind them .
va	NNS	The next four flights after the water will transport 16.4 tons of soil , seeds , and animal stocks ; everything needed to sustain life up there .
va	NN	And the Blood shall sing to the Blood .
va	NN	The landscape was not gentle and rol ing , but harsh and forbidding .
va	NNS	Water birds glided down from the sky and settled across the lake 's surface , happily swimming back and forth .
va	NN	Confusion smoothed from her face .
va	NN	For Christ 's sake don 't shoot yourself ... Or me ... Or one of us .
va	NN	"My name is John English , the lawyer representing my clients in regards to the Midland Community Contest , "" said the lawyer ."
va	NNS	Her delicate golden earrings glittered in the light of the chandelier , drawing his eye to her elegant neck .
va	NNS	"Perhaps hundreds will die if we attempt to move them too quickly . """
va	NN	The apparition closed his eyes , seeming to be in deep concentration .
va	NN	"No self-control whatsoever . """
va	NN	Her delay only whetted his curiosity .
va	NN	One more concentrated punch to the belly and the beast opened up .
va	NN	Raven finally pushes her way onto the bank and stands next to me , stunned .
va	NN	If I knew an investigation was going to require my machines to be examined ?
va	NN	Beast bared little white teeth and barked .
va	NNS	The palms of my hands slide down the rocks , the jagged edges scraping against my skin .
va	NNS	But the counselors here loved it .
va	NNS	' Human beings are never black and white , Karen .
va	NN	""" The total is three billion , five hundred sixty-nine million ."
va	NNS	Other meals weren 't much better .
va	NNS	No cracks to slip into and disappear for a while , like a month or two .
va	NNS	Once we arrived to the restaurant , the hostess directed us to our table .
va	NNS	The corridors twisted and turned .
va	NNS	Hundreds of thousands of machines ran toward the river firing their weapons .
va	NN	Maybe the library had once had a doorway of its own , one that had been closed up .
va	NN	Closer examination of their vacant eyes reveals the girls are zombies , unable to resist her power and rise to do her bidding .
va	NNS	God 's archangels , led by Michael , gathered the Pagan gods for sentencing .
va	NN	After a couple of revolutions around the fenced enclosure , my lesson started .
va	NNS	The houses framing both sides of it were derelict , ramshackle .
va	NNS	Tears stream down both cheeks .
va	NNS	The conservative camps grew stronger over the thirty years .
va	NN	The carriage clattered off .
va	NNS	No hand was at the sweep of the Tigress , no oars drove her through the green water .
va	NN	The volume of animal research was extraordinary : during the 1970s , sixty-four million animals were killed in experiments in the United States each year .
va	NN	The instructor appeared very powerful , but only stood four feet tall ; although , he had a Mohawk that made him look a foot taller .
va	NNS	"Besides , the coals keep me warm . """
va	NNS	Dozens of vampires began to fill the streets .
va	NNS	Brontes watched the spires burn , bonfires glowing in the murky light of dusk .
va	NNS	By then the lovebirds had gone up to their room .
va	NN	But public scrutiny intensified and she spiraled further into dangerous territory .
va	NN	But , the image generator showed the face of Prince Pox , just , like Trig , again .
va	NNS	Unfortunately , both dogs had fallen asleep on the back seat , so he couldn 't be distracted with making sure they behaved .
va	NN	"Anything else is a major complication , and you have enough of those at home , Quinn . """
va	NNS	""" There are different kinds ? """
va	NNS	Her perceptions might be as scrambled as her memories .
va	NNS	Shifters chatted in camp chairs , watching cautiously as we passed .
va	NN	"The Emperor , who had listened carefully , said , "" But doesn 't that mean that you have shown how to predict the future ? """
va	NN	Even though they were fully clothed , her every nerve ending came alive with awareness .
va	NNS	""" But wouldn 't PODS have spotted any brine ice pockets when it did its density scans ?"
va	NN	The dark green jewel on the front glittered .
va	NN	The weather is near freezing and the ground is wet , but it 's not raining and there 's only a gentle breeze .
va	NNS	"Some emergencies , they can wait a day or two for the right judge . """
va	NN	The cloud of ash fell from me and I checked my surroundings again .
va	NNS	"There are four boats in the harbor right now - if we can just find somebody to handle them . """
va	NNS	There are so many layers of scrap metal on the floor that it ´ s hard to move .
va	NNS	Arms suddenly wrapped around her , grasping her so tight that the air exploded from her lungs .
va	NN	Not a detail escaped him .
va	NNS	The hairs on the back of my neck tingle with electricity .
va	NNS	The two kingdoms of black and white interlocked in the center , and black was slowly gaining ground on her .
va	NN	A small surge of current moved the sub , swaying it at its tether .
va	NN	"There 's a beautiful sunset about to get cooking up there . """
va	NN	The historical significance is probably the main reason I like this store so much .
va	NNS	His doubts twisted about until his head pounded .
va	NN	"Soon so will everybody else . """
va	NNS	Fire hoses stiffened as they erupted to life and huge water jets shot out at the house from two angles .
va	NNS	Nikolas turned toward the kitchen .
va	NN	The fog seemed to be thinning away .
va	NNS	The titanic serial explosions that followed rocked the foundations of the underground city like an earthquake .
va	NN	Probably there was a repair kit in one of the trucks .
va	NNS	His big toes twitched a ' Hello ' .
va	NNS	' My gods , it 's you !
va	NNS	The blazing lanterns were completely invisible .
va	NNS	The angels tug on the leashes .
va	NN	Your harassment of Jill ends now .
va	NN	' The Order , ' spoke a voice from the doorway , ' of the Allied Moon . '
va	NNS	Tears burn in my throat and behind my eyes , but I refuse to let them fall .
va	NN	There was the tiniest trace of apprehension , of fear in her face and her voice .
va	NN	Newton 's Third Law of Physics said that for every action , there 's an equal and opposite reaction .
va	NN	Their lightning-fast , redundant security program could close any hole before a hacker could access information .
va	NNS	"Yours were stupid and public . """
va	NNS	"Members of the coven are free to prey upon the exiled and condemned , and use their blood to strengthen themselves . ' """
va	NNS	Two uniformed police officers stood on the porch .
va	NN	The waitress came and took our orders .
va	NNS	Elis nods , giving him a sidelong glance , and marches me to my room .
va	NN	This English garden was a replica of one created for a British tea tycoon in the early twentieth century , whose mansion was demolished long ago .
va	NN	The blood pressure cuff buzzed and started to inflate .
va	NN	Raven had heard his words , all of which held truth , but he knew she had no idea of the reality .
va	NN	""" No , his brother-in-law does ."
va	NNS	Even the cake donuts didn 't look heavy .
va	NN	""" Father Hummer , "" Raven said anxiously ."
va	NN	The rumbles of far away thunder hit my ears .
va	NN	The red arrow implied culprits that were far more distressing .
va	NN	Twenty minutes ago the congregation was voicing prayers for the Godspeed return of all our soldiers .
va	NNS	Dee 's giggles disappeared , however , when they started to play .
va	NNS	In spite of their rabid nature and a plethora of mortally sharp edges , the beasts were easy to kill .
va	NNS	The seating hostess showed them to a booth .
va	NNS	And our interests are really different .
va	NN	Every head swiveled toward the commanding figure on the platform , every auditory sensor rang with his voice of authority .
va	NN	The handler is gliding me through the halls once again , like a continuation from last night , but this time our pace is slower .
va	NN	And the result was clear .
va	NN	In the metropolis of Santiago , the landscape is very different .
va	NN	""" Archive conversion complete , "" the reader sounded ."
va	NN	The swell of his erection pressed against her thigh and the warmth of shared body heat was sweeter and hotter than the blazing fire he 'd created .
va	NN	In the background , Meredith and Byron 's toddler , Lola , was wailing .
va	NN	The lid stayed on .
va	NN	Why should this occasion be any different ?
va	NNS	Men were sure that ladies were to be shielded from life 's harsh realities .
va	NNS	It was just him verses two armed hunters , one with a stun stick .
va	NNS	And the gods have pity on all of them if the evil bastard was disappointed .
va	NNS	Men for hire come and go so it should be easy for you to get inside . '
va	NN	The owner had been interviewing him in order to write about him and had taken photographs .
va	NNS	Their tendrils were so interwoven that nobody was going to get through them without ripping off most of his skin .
va	NNS	Tears started to fill my eyes as I spoke to him .
va	NNS	Eyes to stare into for hours .
va	NN	His first initial is T !
va	NNS	There were white hairs there , mingled with the dark hair that had covered his arms now for so many years .
va	NN	This new pour was a two-step waterfall , though it dwarfed by a fathomless margin Kate 's memory of rafting down the big pour .
va	NN	""" Your fascination with God might make you hate me . """
va	NN	' Dust clouds to the rear , sir . '
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered and his hands were on her , pulling and tugging .
va	NN	Not the happy anchor that keeps you safe and grounded , the one you get tattooed across your chest . )
va	NN	Her tour manager looked between Nicola and Marcus , then nodded her approval .
va	NN	I 'm sure in the stripper industry , respect is hard to come by .
va	NN	The gathering didn 't know what to do and murmured their confusion and shock .
va	NN	She peered at him through her lashes , a shy smile covering her face .
va	NNS	There were four plush chairs set out , low seats with thick velvet padding .
va	NNS	Some dogs tried to leap it , others to climb , still others to dig .
va	NN	Shockingly , his persistence actually just made me smile .
va	NN	His leer was gone , replaced by his singular sustaining emotion .
va	NN	A second deadbolt scraped loudly , then a third , and finally the door peeled open a crack .
va	NN	Fury flashed across her father 's face .
va	NN	The next major obstacle is Marth Crater .
va	NNS	""" Torture chambers are hot places . """
va	NN	Every muscle in my body was strung tight , and my heart was pounding so hard it hurt .
va	NN	There 's soap and things on the wash stand in the corner .
va	NNS	""" Neither staircases nor carriages lend themselves to a terribly thorough experience . """
va	NNS	Two cylindrical holding chambers linked to one of the Shinra Corporation 's best computers glowed from the far side .
va	NNS	But could our assumptions be all wrong .
va	NNS	There were gods and presences and wills ; beauty and evil , and the shrieking of noxious night robbed of its prey .
va	NNS	Our pockets rattle with the stuff .
va	NNS	Tears thickened in Marian 's throat .
va	NN	The temptation to drink was still strong .
va	NN	At the east doors , a butler is waiting for us .
va	NNS	""" The customers are going to love you . """
va	NNS	Tears streamed down Annabelle 's face as she continued to pull uselessly at Devon 's arm .
va	NNS	There are only so many moves or breaks I can combine until I just move or putt on instinct .
va	NN	Raven let out her breath slowly , thankfully .
va	NN	The gunman ducked behind a concrete column and kept running .
va	NNS	Once they were seated , the hostess presented them with menus .
va	NNS	Scratched tables , broken chairs , torn curtains .
va	NNS	The rebels couldn 't believe the royalists had turned around and used their own plan against them .
va	NN	His grace and ease in such a domestic environment made her breath hitch just a bit .
va	NNS	However , his players were too disorganized and could not hear what their priest was shouting at the top .
va	NN	"The stress of the tour was taking its toll ... "" Deb turned a page to see a photo of Oscar , clearly pale and skeletal ."
va	NN	""" What 's your fourth period ? """
va	NN	The soft velvety feel of the sofa cushioned her back .
va	NNS	The kittens ran over to greet her , and she nuzzled each of them .
va	NNS	Arms grabbed me by the waist and threw me right into the water .
va	NNS	The sadness echoed in his eyes startles me .
va	NNS	The gazes of all three dancers veered toward him .
va	NNS	Fellows took advantage of the butler 's absence to start going through the writing table .
va	NNS	For the first time he could remember , both parts of him were in complete accord , working together toward a common goal .
va	NNS	All sorts of questions were crowding my mind .
va	NNS	Those lessons had always served him well over the years , but he had still missed his absent mentor .
va	NN	As camp was being dismantled , the young navigator followed behind the slowly moving wagon with those of the Forest looking ahead and watching behind .
va	NNS	Seeing that she 's nervous , her cubs watch her carefully .
va	NN	( This trap was from my own ingenious design and was purely something I 'd created and tested on my own .
va	NN	A shudder rolled down my spine , and I hastily looked away , feeling as if I deserved that look he was giving me .
va	NN	At least his apology seemed to have been accepted .
va	NNS	""" Ok , we 'll get moving , the spheres should be dry now ."
va	NNS	Abandoned stables lined one side of the room .
va	NNS	Crippling sadness had engulfed him as he had realised that never again would they laugh together .
va	NNS	My palms begin to sweat .
va	NN	Before either of them had a chance to make any such attempt , a cloud of lace came tumbling through the bushes .
va	NNS	Spirits are pure and direct .
va	NN	There isn 't any other bookstore around here .
va	NNS	Those snakes wanted to be there .
va	NNS	Many volunteers have already begun searching since last night .
va	NNS	The vague shapes surrounded him .
va	NN	Fear for his safety , worry that she 'd lose him , blinded her and made her sloppy .
va	NN	In the top right section lay the Prevalent zone and Opulent zone .
va	NNS	Soon small conversations started , usually about getting turf for the fire , or writing shopping lists .
va	NNS	Suddenly , the sadness of that overwhelms me and I drop my eyes , collapsing onto one of the kitchen chairs .
va	NNS	The black monks continued their approach , and the first clown reached the dais and sank into a deep bow .
va	NNS	Their defense lawyers played up that they were drunk hooligans , and that I was a danger to society .
va	NN	His skin is pockmarked and dry , a single purple vein throbs and bulges on this forehead .
va	NNS	Secret Service agents led us into the oval office , the doors were closed and we were offered drinks .
va	NN	The maddening activity soon trickled to a stop .
va	NN	He was a tree hugger who would have driven this company into bankruptcy had he lived and inherited my estate .
va	NN	The soft , silky fabric was cool on his hands as he unrolled Sandwich 's sword .
va	NNS	Indian camps in those days were pretty basic -- just trees and bark and campfires .
va	NN	""" It was held once a year in the Great Hall , "" the gunslinger went on ."
va	NNS	The pavement cracks , and pebbles crisscross the path in zigzagging lines .
va	NNS	Behind him , the dogs were snarling and snapping at each other in an effort to gain the lead position in the chase .
va	NN	A deafening explosion echoed down the hallway , and he heard one of his people in front , screeching as bits of shrapnel tore into his flesh .
va	NN	""" You dismiss ancient tales cavalierly , Father de la Croix , "" His Majesty said ."
va	NN	And , inside the vial , a virus waited to be unleashed upon the world .
va	NN	They were standing once more by the cave entrance , their task completed .
va	NNS	""" Figures the day you 're late to arrive is the day we 've all got the Courtyard down as our first stop . """
va	NN	The capsule was on the floor and the baby laid out on the bunny rug which had been spread across the desk .
va	NN	The portal had literally stripped us of everything , including our clothing .
va	NN	If nothing else , the oddity of the artifact intrigued her .
va	NNS	""" Trade secrets , "" she told him ."
va	NNS	Something savage in Bones made him want to prolong this .
va	NNS	The few houses and the clumps of red or yellowish trees were in no way remarkable .
va	NN	Dan ' r said .
va	NN	""" Yes , the power supply is larger in size than ours ."
va	NN	He lifted his chin , the softness in his eyes disappeared .
va	NNS	These lawyers take forty percent of the recovery .
va	NN	The bird let out a piercing shriek .
va	NNS	Eris watched the traveling object 's meandering path until it was directly above them .
va	NN	The suspicion returned and his voice was hard when he spoke .
va	NN	The Calvary Chapel service for Bob Halley has long passed while his body is on route to Kansas and his immediately family .
va	NN	""" My period this month is late , and ... "" She couldn 't say it out loud ."
va	NNS	Loud cheering broke out .
va	NNS	Fellows made himself turn his back and follow the butler out of the library without a word .
va	NNS	""" With me babe , the surprises never end . """
va	NN	The landscape was to haphazard to risk teleportation , and he was unfamiliar with his destination as well .
va	NNS	My fragments of memory of being down there had just about slipped away and I was mostly left with curiosity .
va	NN	The other gunman pushed Lisa toward the field .
va	NNS	Hours had passed , and the daylight was growing short .
va	NNS	Grass started to show through as the snow beneath her feet melted away .
va	NN	""" Another program , "" she whispered under her breath ."
va	NN	""" Why does an evil Queen do anything ? """
va	NNS	Massive doses of cigarette smoke .
va	NN	A bucket of ice cold water soaked Emelia .
va	NN	His cavalier attitude was completely unexpected .
va	NNS	Agnes appeared , smiling gently .
va	NNS	""" No gods are worth the effort ."
va	NN	There was no harm in being polite though .
va	NNS	The doctors were confident he would be walking without crutches again .
va	NNS	The gentle caress shot his already aroused body into the stratosphere .
va	NNS	"Figures always eluded me . """
va	NN	To one side the plain dropped suddenly away until it appeared again far in the distance .
va	NNS	Tears wet his own eyes as he held her , their intense frenzy spiraling down to easy little thrusts .
va	NNS	These youthful student bands set fashion ; they didn 't follow it .
va	NN	The sheer arrogance of her pose made Alexandra so angry that her voice shook .
va	NNS	Even her wrinkles had wrinkles .
va	NNS	"Most parts of the Pacific are so deep we 'd never be able to visit it in person . """
va	NNS	Their howls echoed further off and Nova watched as the Olin stood before them .
va	NN	See there boys and girls , therapy does work .
va	NN	A cloud drifted across the sun and I shivered .
va	NN	A ferry worker was about to hook the chain across the back of the boat when Sean punched the gas to launch us forward .
va	NNS	His employees were vigilant , and they turned troublemakers over to the militia .
va	NN	The chief was looking at his computer screen .
va	NN	My savings account is pretty pathetic , as if that wasn 't apparent by the size of my apartment .
va	NNS	Tears were running down her face .
va	NNS	The dogs lay on the rug in front of the fire twitching with their dreams , accompanied by the occasional muted yelp .
va	NNS	Kat 's lashes still fanned her cheeks , but she was finally smiling , and some of the pressure eased off my chest .
va	NN	Suddenly a squire stepped into the room .
va	NNS	Huge cracks ran out from it , not only in the cement walk but in the earth surrounding it .
va	NNS	Pox moves from Trig then stands besides his mother , while his warriors move into the formation .
va	NN	The flurry of activity surrounding the scientific approach gave her something else to engage her mind and served as a diversion .
va	NN	""" It made you look like you had a big flat square butt , Maynard , "" said the president ."
va	NN	As a matter of fact there was a great autumn feast in the woods that night , and in the halls above .
va	NNS	The birds are singing and there is a baseball game .
va	NNS	However , these precautions didn 't mean she couldn 't come back and see through them in a second .
va	NN	The doorman waved me in .
va	NNS	""" Men don 't get it ."
va	NNS	The patients were no longer staring at them .
va	NNS	The missiles were closing in on their target .
va	NN	All this nonsense about witchcraft isn 't really anything more than an excuse to eliminate competition .
va	NNS	The prisoners they 'd come to rescue looked fine , just as they had when they 'd disappeared behind Julian 's wall of fire .
va	NN	There was a string of greens for several blocks before Chase slipped through a few yellows .
va	NN	The book Wizard shook and tossed the mystic candle aside and flung open its pages .
va	NN	As he stared the lake became almost tangible and he longed to plunge into its cool , clear water .
va	NN	As the carriage door opened a cheer erupted from the crowd .
va	NNS	Tears began to gather at the corners of her eyes .
va	NN	The president pointed to the page .
va	NNS	Maximus let go of my shoulder , frowning before he returned his attention back to the road .
va	NNS	Hundreds of zombies stand outside the Departures entry area , watching everything in silence .
va	NN	""" The puppy , I guess . """
va	NNS	Hades eyed him for a long moment , and it wasn 't difficult to see what was going on underneath his mask of neutrality .
va	NN	His confession hung in the air around us , making tears burn in my eyes .
va	NNS	Days was always helpful when you needed it , and would listen to you if you had any problems .
va	NN	Several days later , on the 15th of November , the royal procession left the gates of Roche Castle .
va	NNS	The tops of upholstered seats appeared at the corners of his eyes .
va	NN	As he said it , another huge gust of forceful wind knocked me off my feet a little and the thunder growled again , only closer now .
va	NN	' Oh , half a lifetime , ' answered Shauna .
va	NN	The rock formation rose out of the brush in the moonlight like an ancient ruin in the jungles of Cambodia or the Yucatan .
va	NN	The second citizen kicks a fallen body .
va	NN	""" A slut who sleeps around doesn 't deserve to live . """
va	NNS	"The tabloids are hot on your tail , missy . """
va	NNS	The bastards let him die .
va	NNS	There are watch points along the way .
va	NNS	Their souls were lighter , brighter , and I knew they would find peace .
va	NN	The billionaire saw this and lost his cool .
va	NNS	""" There are a couple flaws in his plan he needs to work out first , but he 'll get there sooner or later . """
va	NNS	His chest wounds burned , pulsed , and the hair stayed thick there , full of blood .
va	NN	""" I don 't think that would be appropriate , "" said a terrified looking Floppy ."
va	NN	The best indication of it is how irritated I get when I hear or take part in arguments and debates outside this department .
va	NN	""" There isn 't a price big enough to get me to come near you again . """
va	NNS	His lashes are long enough to make him beautiful .
va	NN	But his essence lingered somehow in the planet 's form .
va	NN	The temptation to touch his cheek , to run the tips of her fingers over the stubble , tiptoed through her mind .
va	NN	The library stands like a monolithic stone set in my path , and right about now it feels like one .
va	NN	The rust dulled the light instead of reflecting it .
va	NN	And in an instant all my distress came flooding back , like a hot pain that spread across my chest and body .
va	NNS	Nikolas looked back to the theater .
va	NN	One fifth of its surface is water , the rest , desert regions .
va	NN	The weather had probably helped .
va	NNS	Lights were going on all over the street , dogs were barking , curtains twitching .
va	NN	Then some inner struggle resolved itself .
va	NNS	More twigs cracked in the woods .
va	NNS	However , there are also laws we 're all supposed to follow .
va	NNS	With my record , most jobs were out .
va	NN	Your victory lies in the love for your fellow ancient ones .
va	NN	Anything could have been waiting in there .
va	NN	The swashbuckling pirate I 'd wanted was retreating over the waves , and I didn 't know why .
va	NNS	His fangs were throbbing along with his cock .
va	NNS	Tears drew close , but she pushed them away .
va	NNS	The same promise Hades had made to me .
va	NN	Across the sky , the blip raced toward them .
va	NN	The bird took a sharp breath and puffed itself out .
va	NNS	The cool-down exercises started , her least favorite part of the workout .
va	NN	""" Our cousin 's court surrounds you with danger ."
va	NNS	The shirts and rods and camping supplies .
va	NNS	Ellison 's pale hair had gleamed in the moonlight , his big fists clenched , his eyes wolf white .
va	NNS	Her breasts pressed against his eyelids , which ruined him again .
va	NN	What if that asshole ex-boyfriend found her again ?
va	NN	The Shadow Men were beautiful , frighteningly and heartbreakingly beautiful .
va	NNS	The other chairs at the table were empty .
va	NN	As he turned to check his brother , another kick sent him flying on the other side .
va	NN	Neil 's helmet muffled some of the crowd 's screaming , but his ears were still ringing when he followed the Foxes onto the court .
va	NN	At the end of the market , a triangular patch of grass provided a resting spot for the homeless .
va	NNS	And there were no strange noises coming from outside , nothing that led her to believe Denny and Powell were back ... Then she realized .
va	NNS	As good as EOD agents could be .
va	NNS	The refugees didn 't often look up .
va	NN	""" Yes , sir , "" Callum awkwardly replied ."
va	NNS	Two maids were shuffling about , busy filling a large white tub with steaming hot water .
va	NNS	A few minutes later , all their doubts and fears vanished .
va	NNS	A few Reboots nodded , and I turned to face forward .
va	NN	Our last encounter had been a hard awakening for me , having to face Quinn 's desperation and emptiness .
va	NNS	But my sons and their children dwell here in wealth and unity .
va	NN	The demolished wasteland around him went eerily quiet .
va	NNS	""" Odd folks , "" her husband agreed ."
va	NNS	The houses had all gone dark , but there were points of light appearing everywhere .
va	NN	The rotten decay was so overpowering , like these vampires and wolves had been here for weeks , but they knew that couldn 't be .
va	NN	My son-in-law is a wonderful person .
va	NNS	""" No wives for Shifters , love ."
va	NNS	Men still spoke of his father in reverent terms .
va	NN	The bird flew over her shoulders .
va	NNS	Moments later they all filed into her office before she directed them to the seats in front of her desk .
va	NN	The site resembled an anthill , crawling with workmen bringing the building to a scratch .
va	NNS	Tears were misting down her diminutive features .
va	NN	The buzzing vibration in my head was once again declaring danger .
va	NN	The chicken was wearing a baseball cap .
va	NN	Somebody here should have a good time tonight .
va	NNS	Scientists poured from their labs into the hall as the alarms screamed overhead , and we moved in a river of white coats toward the exits .
va	NNS	Two uniformed officers stomped snow off their boots .
va	NNS	"The tubes are almost twice as long as Daniel 's cannon and have a small chamber on the back . """
va	NNS	There were shelves after shelves filled with towels and some weird medical equipment .
va	NNS	""" How are the kittens ? """
va	NN	"The queen has spoken . """
va	NNS	Her lashes fluttered open .
va	NNS	Tears stagnated in the corner of my eyes , which I could realise , yet couldn 't control .
va	NNS	Eyes of deep brown , eyes so familiar and yet so foreign , met mine .
va	NNS	The next image was throne sitting in the middle of the abyss , the blackness stretched out for what appeared to be eternity .
va	NN	Debbie was not in , her counterpart informed her that Rachel was sick .
va	NNS	"Our laws to protect the workers only wind up leaving them on the unemployment line . """
va	NN	The canteen could not have fallen on its own .
va	NNS	It was the shirt I 'd made her , dark purple with a flaming heart painted in silver .
va	NNS	Tears stung her eyes .
va	NNS	The tracks at one point must 've gone across , but they were now a gnarled mess .
va	NNS	Yet , even with that ability , the old remarks about my height still stung .
va	NN	The knee brace helped .
va	NN	""" A flame leaps to another ."
va	NN	"Your nephew will have to wait . """
va	NNS	""" Your highness , do you mind if I take a walk on the beach ?"
va	NN	The expanding cloud was relentless .
va	NNS	The paramedics began to put their tools away and placed a blanket over me .
va	NNS	Finally , constant dripping wears the stone .
va	NNS	The flickers in the overhead lighting were getting longer and longer .
va	NNS	"In good weather , the sailors head that way . """
va	NNS	Rhys came to stand on my other side , but made no move to take my other hand .
va	NN	Ordinarily , Raven avoided public places as much as possible , preferring not to have to worry about shielding herself from unwanted emotions .
va	NNS	The injections were too much especially for Zoey .
va	NN	The sobbing came across clearly as she stopped talking .
va	NN	"The apple never falls far from the tree , dear . """
va	NNS	""" My wives are proud of my strength ."
va	NN	The collective unconscious is in all of us .
va	NNS	""" Men like yourself ? """
va	NN	A plaintive whine came from the doorway behind her , a blur of soft , inquisitive thoughts carrying hunger and annoyance .
va	NN	The faceplate patch bowed outward , but otherwise held firm .
va	NN	The crystal sitting on the desk in the vision suddenly flared a brilliant , pulsating green .
va	NNS	Gods did she want him !
va	NN	As she did , the chain linked to the collar around her throat rattled lightly and she smiled .
va	NN	The robot jogged across the street .
va	NNS	Many raiders have tried to farm this land , but Moishe 's family secret has proven to be the only effective means of harvesting .
va	NN	His bloodied snout broke inward , a shard of bone lodging in his brain .
va	NN	Pierce 's lawyer offered me a settlement in the divorce !
va	NNS	""" This is a number I 'm not used to seeing : Seven million ... websites , documents , data reports ."
va	NN	While there , the solitude and comparative quiet gave her a chance to think .
va	NNS	Bess couldn 't go as far and fast as he wanted .
va	NN	There was a chain of logic here , and I tried to grasp it before I could be distracted again .
va	NNS	Tears trickled down his face as his voice faltered .
va	NNS	Men were dying and there was nothing she could do .
va	NNS	""" Those Bright fools still don 't realize there 's a seventh one out there ."
va	NNS	Occasionally there were arguments and even altercations over who ' owned ' a particular dragon and thus had guide rights .
va	NNS	The rails had stayed closed and the piglets continued to alternately cower and zip around the small space .
va	NN	But this new found confidence and flare in her business life , was very much a charade .
va	NNS	""" What if there are civilians ? """
va	NN	The loose material of his boxers left little to the imagination .
va	NNS	""" There 's no empty tables . """
va	NNS	Tears came to his mother 's eyes .
va	NN	The piles of baking disappeared just as one of the clowns was about to bite into a chocolate chip muffin .
va	NNS	The cuts were white bands of stickiness , soon to be more scars .
va	NN	"Griff stared at him aghast , "" you do not believe in the so-called Master do you ? """
va	NN	The hillside was perfectly still in the silence .
va	NN	Okay , so riding on the boys ' bus is like going to another planet .
va	NNS	Several pots and pans lay on the very large cast iron stove that filled up half the kitchen .
va	NN	""" Which one is the shortest ? """
va	NNS	""" The scouts caught him walking into the sledding . """
va	NN	The director is waiting for you on the second floor .
va	NN	The back section of the stroller was already full .
va	NN	His uniform bore a few extra stripes of color and a few gold-colored bits of metal on the shoulder .
va	NNS	Recent events have inspired me to take additional precautions .
va	NNS	For the Christians and the Jews did not participate in the city 's celebrations .
va	NN	The stubble tracing his jawline had grown in over the day , shadowing his face like immortality 's version of a Calvin Klein model .
va	NNS	the clones suddenly shouted in unison .
va	NNS	"Guys want to fix everything . """
va	NN	""" The matches will be the same as any other ."
va	NN	His diamond earring glinted as he looked around cautiously .
va	NNS	Men driven underground , but determined to survive and wreak vengeance on their oppressors ?
va	NNS	Several deep breaths in and out as silent as he could make them helped his racing heart slow to a near normal pulse .
va	NNS	""" And those timbers over there - "" Cheery began , but stopped because Vimes had raised a finger to his lips ."
va	NNS	The kitten 's claws caught in the eyelet bedspread as it scrambled to right itself .
va	NNS	His theories concerning where man would be in the next 100 years were shocking , but fascinating .
va	NN	An awareness of that sensation bathed her as much as the water .
va	NN	"Where is the patient ? """
va	NNS	Janelle 's palms tingled with nerves .
va	NNS	Across the floor from us , the cheerleaders were just standing there .
va	NNS	Spanish lessons can come later . '
va	NN	The fountain once again rushed to the surface .
va	NN	It had been a struggle , the debris told that tale .
va	NNS	""" Elves and shifters mate for life ."
va	NNS	Only the robed volunteers seemed unconcerned by the horror in his voice , enthralled somehow to obedient subservience through Mithras ' presence .
va	NNS	The photographs came to mind immediately .
va	NN	""" The butter is from Wisconsin ."
va	NNS	""" So , I take it the doctors confirm my suspicions that I 'm going to live ? """
va	NN	In his experience , any time a man let himself be taken unawares , disaster happened .
va	NN	Behind his cracked lips , the preacher saw blue-black gums and a slithering tongue that coiled like a snake in its den .
va	NNS	""" There were tire tracks to and from the scene ."
va	NNS	Men , much older and wiser , have searched for the Cup for hundreds of years , which probably doesn 't exist !
va	NN	"On cue , Driver approaches Timothy and asks angrily , "" Where have you been ? """
va	NNS	Scientists think it 's because when the males are in captivity , they can 't swim to an adequate depth , and so their dorsal fins droop .
va	NN	A possessive ache trails up from my stomach .
va	NN	Where 's everybody going ?
va	NN	""" Got it , "" the waitress says and turns to me ."
va	NN	While not quite as grand , his parents ' estate , as well as his home , was gorgeous .
va	NNS	But my heart pounds double time as I head for the big gray tent functioning as the clan hospital .
va	NN	"Even that bond became strained because of the looming "" after "" time , a free-fall into sadness because there was nothing else left between them ."
va	NN	That intensity carried out of the ring too .
va	NN	"A safe journey to you , sir . """
va	NNS	There were other cuts .
va	NN	A calmness took hold of him and his pulse slowed to an even , steady pace .
va	NNS	Of course , the sacrifices could have paved the way to great things -- as Catherine used to remind him .
va	NN	The radio was off , the windows were closed , and Lola had her trap shut .
va	NN	Also there is an irritation to just get to the point and get this over with .
va	NNS	The plates of the monitor fitted seamlessly together so there wasn 't any way he could try and prise them apart .
va	NN	Without warning , the shark turned his attention to Gael , charging him and slamming into the side of the cage .
va	NNS	Tears stung his eyes again .
va	NNS	""" There are really seventeen portals to Hades ? """
va	NNS	Tears suddenly rimmed my eyes as I thought about the relationship I had thought I had with Ethan .
va	NNS	A soft sadness crossed her face as she knelt beside me .
va	NNS	Flanking him were his sons , the general and the exchequer .
va	NN	The armor is heavy , and it takes two technicians to help me to my feet .
va	NNS	Exercise riders typically don 't help in the barns , but I don 't mind .
va	NN	The bartender didn 't look sorry .
va	NNS	His hardness rocked into me with that furious pace .
va	NN	Anybody who has been magically altered would trip a number of alarms .
va	NNS	Some scars are on the mind .
va	NN	""" Or maybe not , "" Dane agreed ."
va	NN	My beautiful little iPhone was on charge and ready to use as I collapsed on my bed .
va	NNS	Finally once the immediate procedures were set , four officers remained with a resource vehicle to protect the crime scene .
va	NNS	Erik 's comments made her blush .
va	NN	Fifteen The florist turned out to be a bust .
va	NN	um , need to make a doctor 's appointment .
va	NN	Drake 's victim , or victims in this case , were two girls of no more than fifteen or sixteen .
va	NNS	Her breaths were too gentle and light to be noticed through the heavy blanket that lay folded on top .
va	NNS	She took the slip of paper from him , numbers scrawled in a list with the team members ' nicknames beside each one .
va	NN	A ray of sunlight burst through the thick cloud cover and shone directly on her .
va	NNS	Other drawings depicted wars .
va	NN	The outcome of this meeting was more important than any that had come before it .
va	NN	A bruised and dust covered face appeared in the gap .
va	NNS	"Then yer c 'n git some rest til mornin ' , "" and left them ."
va	NNS	The crowds of people began to mutter in evident alarm , and some people even cried out in panic .
va	NNS	Moments later Franco joined her beside the gurgling water .
va	NN	His apprehension went on a steady incline since the last communication with Alpha Base .
va	NNS	The headlights momentarily illuminated the small sign nailed to the post : Friends of Willow .
va	NNS	Upon entering the monastery , the monks immediately veered to the right toward an alcove that appeared to have little to no purpose in the construction .
va	NN	"But Gift is easier for human mouths . """
va	NNS	Other options that had existed in the past quickly disappeared as well .
va	NN	Besides , Dane wouldn 't let me go anyway .
va	NNS	""" What are those tubes for ?"
va	NN	Orla 's irritation faded slightly .
va	NNS	""" Long-distance relationships hardly ever work . """
va	NNS	""" Six towns , six deaths , all by natural causes , all within the past eighteen months or so ."
va	NNS	Fergus did , and Myron explained .
va	NN	Somebody died right here .
va	NNS	There are no points of reference , just a whitish thick mist everywhere which makes it difficult to see more than a few metres in either direction .
va	NN	The scenery on the canvas was frightening , what more if it was real ?
va	NN	The owner was an icon , a rich industrialist type who 'd gone into retail and never left .
va	NN	A dispatch of Inquisitors on patrol could then stop by and politely ask people to move along .
va	NNS	But , around the perimeter of the building , hundreds of broken down bricks sat in the overgrown grass .
va	NN	And the journey ended up being one mishap after another .
va	NNS	The cubs were on their feet .
va	NNS	Ivory tables crashed over , seats were splintered , velvet hangings torn down were stained red .
va	NNS	Tears glinted in the corners of his eyes .
va	NNS	Her rings glinted on her fingers ; her minerals were with her , and even now she must be summoning the ingredients for her murderous spell .
va	NN	Fury roared through Emelia 's ears and she kicked out at the drunk who clutched her foot .
va	NNS	""" Can bats get wet ? """
va	NN	Darkness surrounded me for half a minute until I saw light above us .
va	NN	"There 's no knob on the outside . """
va	NN	Dust and dirt sifted down on Kylie 's face .
va	NN	"'Cause that 's what this feels like . """
va	NN	The nagging suspicion returned .
va	NN	""" The bride is somewhat reluctant ."
va	NN	The heated contrast to the cold ice cream caused her stomach to ripple and her legs to quiver , as need built inside her .
va	NN	A marking signifying alliance to the king , and companionship among thieves , the stones the women wear upon their foreheads symbolize pride and respect .
va	NN	"Your champion hid his intentions well . """
va	NNS	His bookcases had fallen , spilling books everywhere .
va	NN	The kelp keeps them too true .
va	NNS	The tourists were several and the girl took it calmly .
va	NN	The undead are traveling in packs .
va	NNS	The scars offer nothing new , but I 'm going to have to do something about the marks forming on my neck .
va	NNS	"So just where have the bastards gone ? """
va	NNS	The prisoners are not to be searched or plundered : those are my orders . '
va	NN	The chief began by explaining what the messenger from Tuscaloosa had said about the Creek raid on the neighboring Chickasaw village .
va	NNS	My panties were nowhere to be seen .
va	NN	""" She is Long zen ... yah , "" the gnome muttered , looking up into the trees ."
va	NN	The victim stepped to the curb .
va	NN	Had anybody ever told her how hot she looked when she was pissed off ?
va	NN	A power transfer only worked in the short term , but it wasn 't something they could harness and keep .
va	NN	As his fingers tightened on the grip , a distinct pop , pop , pop echoed to him .
va	NN	Suddenly , there was an explosion that blew me into the air and then shoved me deep under the ice and snow .
va	NNS	The Asian influences were undeniable ; nonetheless , Mikey was taller than the rest and his skin more profound .
va	NNS	More stains colored the risers .
va	NNS	Tears crept down her cheeks , and she swiped them away with the back of her hand .
va	NN	When he looked back at me , a second shiver passed down my spine ; gone was the amusement and the smirk .
va	NNS	The third year Fergus hired Jerrell Gass .
va	NN	The tornado burned brighter as it raced over the dead sea towards the eye .
va	NNS	Matthias was a small , bookish man with large glasses and a receding hairline , and his reputation of timidity was well-deserved .
va	NNS	""" You folks are going to have to move out of the way . """
va	NNS	Tears roll freely down my cheeks as I dig deeper and deeper to a power source I didn 't know that I had .
va	NN	His memorial gallery will soon move from New Orleans to Dallas , Texas , where he was born .
va	NN	Bug opened his eyes .
va	NN	Her soon-to-be ex-husband Stan was a casualty of the scandals , but on that bright , sunny morning she chose not to think about that .
va	NNS	His long , dark lashes fell on his white cheeks and his curls lay upon the pillow .
va	NNS	These beings are extremely intelligent .
va	NN	A vein stood out at Manuel 's temple .
va	NNS	Tears pour down my cheeks unchecked .
va	NN	""" The hangar is about 20 times the size of yours , and we have two warehouses constantly full to the brim ."
va	NNS	The victims appeared to have been murdered by the same killer .
va	NN	""" A variation , I suppose . """
va	NN	That gnome may have been able to beat me or you , but not the two of us together .
va	NNS	There were even blue lotus blossoms drifting down from trees in the air , falling gently across the cobblestone streets .
va	NN	But here in the car there was a sharpness to it , as if the air itself had turned into something prickly .
va	NNS	""" Just try not to wake the neighbors , baby . """
va	NNS	Carved into the hillsides , small farms with neat rows of green overlooked the deep blue ocean shimmering off in the distance .
va	NN	Catching up the dark glasses , Raven slipped out of her room and moved noiselessly down the hall .
va	NNS	At this time of the afternoon the tables were empty , but three hours ago the place had bustled with activity .
va	NNS	Men , women and children huddled in smaller and smaller numbers as the army of the dead recruited them into its ranks against their will .
va	NNS	Some courses of action were obvious .
va	NN	The weather outside was bright and sunny but refreshingly cool .
va	NNS	"Sandalwood to relieve loneliness , dwelling on the past and cynicism . """
va	NNS	Tears blurred his vision .
va	NN	""" If you need to hear it , apology accepted ."
va	NNS	Tears sprang to my eyes , and I her brought her towards me and held her tight .
va	NNS	The cops don 't want to throw him in jail , but they haven 't released him yet , either .
va	NNS	The empty corridors echoed back the sound of his pounding feet .
va	NNS	In the plane we were on , there weren 't hundreds of trees surrounding the clearing .
va	NNS	Beads of sweat broke out on her skin .
va	NN	Anybody anywhere in the world would have had the right to return fire .
va	NN	Before anything further could be said , the waitress approached .
va	NNS	The cops don 't have to know she 's one and the same .
va	NNS	But their scars remained , leaving them looking very much still infected and contagious .
va	NNS	Books were my greatest companion and stories my greatest distraction .
va	NNS	There are family secrets that I 'm not sure she would ever be able to handle , things that would shatter her memories of her family forever .
va	NNS	And when the rains cooperated and the crops were huge , the prices went down because the traders in Memphis had too much cotton .
va	NN	His grace will stay true to his promise .
va	NN	""" But the trial is less than two weeks away ."
va	NN	That outcome will not change .
va	NN	One long dive took me through the window and sent me crashing to the platform below in a hail of shattered glass .
va	NNS	The doctors said she wasn 't going to die .
va	NN	The moat wasn 't nearly as bad as some other waters he 'd been in before .
va	NN	A series of ridges separated Red Lake from Hawk Lake .
va	NNS	"The signaling mirrors will keep us connected . """
va	NN	With a visible effort the cur halted his retreat , gathering his shaken courage as he sent her a chiding glare .
va	NN	As if moving in slow motion , the flaming flare dropped from her hand and spun downward .
va	NN	You see , both Mama and I were right .
va	NNS	"There are parts of this puzzle that seem connected , although I have no proof of how yet . """
va	NNS	"Or at least math tricks , "" Jack said ."
va	NNS	There are a thousand and one excuses I could make .
va	NNS	The survivors had descendants .
va	NN	A shiver of fright rippled through her when to her right she saw the burglar alarm console flashing .
va	NNS	His scouts reported in again , saying that the flow of soldiers out of Purgatory had appeared to have ceased , totaling about four hundred well-armed soldiers .
va	NN	After what felt like hours , the chopper finally moved on as dusk settled .
va	NN	Another whine and a bow of his head , as if he were nodding .
va	NN	Their Secret Service is still better .
va	NNS	Beads of perspiration lined his forehead .
va	NNS	To say he was in a bad way was an understatement , there was over a dozen wounds on his body .
va	NN	Still the light patter of footfall followed .
va	NN	The fetid odor hit my nostrils , churning my stomach .
va	NN	But a curse like this needs a primary source .
va	NN	A flailing coil struck Kenzie , knocking her back several feet .
va	NN	The journey was long and the human slept through the entirety of it .
va	NN	The color scheme was the same one he had drawn up .
va	NN	Somehow , a reporter had managed to get shots of his night with Ashley .
va	NNS	Her scars attested to that .
va	NN	Failure broke my heart , and I felt myself falling to my knees and letting the swarm of infected take me next .
va	NNS	""" Those birds will use anything handy to build their nests ."
va	NNS	Local farmers had used some explosives to drop the Highway 58 bridge into the river .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes as she thought about the emptiness of the past year .
va	NN	Caucasian about six feet tall , medium build .
va	NNS	"Moments like this mean nothing to him for he thinks he can always have another chance , while we mortals know the truth . """
va	NN	Perhaps her major hadn 't been the most practical : she 'd studied English .
va	NNS	"The lass is useless . """
va	NNS	Police officers asked questions .
va	NNS	There was not a man among them but had known to a nicety the numbers which the French could muster against them .
va	NN	""" Your dorky girlfriend needs to learn some respect ."
va	NN	Their icy and glittering peaks shone in the sunlight over the clouds .
va	NNS	Has toys scattered everywhere .
va	NN	""" The fourth oddity is that Simon Hunter received a blow to the head while alive ."
va	NNS	And the dogs loved to exercise .
va	NNS	Fallen angels look for completely corrupt men .
va	NN	The pony rolled its eyes up at me , and there was a flash of red .
va	NN	The vault was large , larger than any of the chambers on the flagship , and housed an automated manufacturing plant .
va	NN	She eases back into an upright position , turning her eye array toward the selection of leftovers the sculptor has favored her with this morning .
va	NNS	The tones sounded again and seemed distinctly longer , sadder .
va	NNS	According to this , all the launching controls are available at the Earth base .
va	NN	A newfound respect for her swelled within him .
va	NNS	The three prisoners had been over this plan and all agreed it was the only way to save another innocent settlement from destruction .
va	NN	"The hunting 's easier for them when they can hide behind trees . """
va	NNS	Tears sprang to her eyes .
va	NN	The fairy giggled and pointed to the pool .
va	NNS	Yet as he flew , the wounds he 'd sustained caused more spots to float before his eyes .
va	NNS	Cass was staring at him , with a lopsided grin .
va	NNS	""" There are two other local contractors , one in Perkins , the other one here in Stewart ."
va	NN	Well , youthful appearance was stretching it , considering the decomposition taking place .
va	NN	The wall telephone rang , and she rushed over to answer it .
va	NN	' Mama took me to a movie about a girl with very long hair .
va	NNS	Fergus ran his hand through his hair .
va	NN	There 's a stink in the house , and she recognizes it .
va	NN	""" The park owner sent up an alarm before we even had a chance to suffer from mild frostbite . """
va	NN	Would raising a handicapped child in their twilight years serve to assuage the guilt her parents felt about their older daughter ?
va	NNS	The same drawings , only on a much grander scale , once graced the pillars outside their caves .
va	NNS	Other Inquisitors shout in alarm .
va	NNS	Sudden moves would not be a smart thing to do at this point .
va	NNS	""" The employees will be the first ones to get the antidote ."
va	NNS	Two sharp jabs to the stomach and a vicious swipe across the face sent Billy back to the floor .
va	NN	The steward returned with the cloth and the sulfur powder .
va	NN	A shiver went down her spine .
va	NNS	At the far end of the bridge , several television news vans had already begun to set up .
va	NNS	The officers at the crater seemed to speak of something clandestine happening there .
va	NN	The Queen walked to the table littered with maps and picked up several loose sheets of paper .
va	NN	A safe haven in the arms of this woman he loved .
va	NNS	Tears poured out as I sat there , unable to move .
va	NN	""" No comment , "" Danny said ."
va	NN	""" The weather 's fantastic ."
va	NN	This council took over as she had planned but Our Lady is in a limbo between three worlds .
va	NNS	""" Where are your manners ? """
va	NNS	The coiling tendrils were the colors of midnight and blood and steel .
va	NNS	Just like the roses in the garden , there were only three kinds of clothes in the wardrobe .
va	NNS	Jez thought he could smell fish , were his senses playing tricks on him ?
va	NN	His head throbbed and each cough wrenched his neck , sending bolts of agony into his brain .
va	NN	There was no structure to the layout .
va	NNS	Her captors could 've stashed her somewhere dark , musty , and uncomfortable .
va	NNS	Narrow shelves holding stacked books ran along the wall beside the door .
va	NN	The reporter hopped off the stoop and away from his would-be attacker .
va	NN	When I open my hand again the flame ignites .
va	NNS	""" What planet are those birds from ? """
va	NN	On top of everything he was already dealing with , his girlfriend had slept with one of his friends .
va	NNS	Spirits roused to shed the blood of the living ?
va	NN	Far overhead , a tiny star shone in the darkness .
va	NN	A climax slammed into her .
va	NNS	Automatic manners took over .
va	NNS	Men just didn 't look at her like that .
va	NN	Their cries mingled on the air as he took her hard on the desk .
va	NNS	Tears streamed down his cheeks as he pointed a shaky finger to a nearby table .
va	NNS	The ships have said that I am the means of freeing the world from the Ice Lord 's threat .
va	NN	The messenger swooped in and eased her to the closest chair as she read the letter again .
va	NNS	Her eyelashes lay like dark fans upon her cheeks .
va	NNS	Wolves do not attack a man unless starving and they are not habitual scavengers .
va	NN	Jen 's Mum was holding the pendant tightly and would not hand it over to Moonbeam for closer inspection .
va	NN	Fury blasted through me like a rocket .
va	NN	A quick examination of the car windows rang them out to be bullet proof .
va	NN	After all , my ex-boyfriend had invited me to a party in Roseville .
va	NNS	The lashes and the shock of what I 'd just witnessed made me dizzy .
va	NN	""" Not everyone is strong , Shea , "" Raven counseled gently ."
va	NN	"What if the new business venture had failed ? """
va	NN	Samuel had decreed that whichever of the boys made a million dollars first , the estate would go to him in its entirety .
va	NN	There was a driving yell , the stifling of roars , snapping of jaws and the clinking draw of the chain .
va	NN	The tiny structure reminded me of my home in a strange way .
va	NN	Not far away was a small lagoon edged in stones .
va	NNS	A few faint wrinkles crossed his large forehead , and there were tiny crow 's - feet at the edges of his eyes .
va	NNS	Savannah 's fists were clenched tightly .
va	NNS	The woman 's many scarves and colorful robes wafted in the slight breeze .
va	NNS	As far as I know prisoners are still responsible for making the signs so the labor cost should be pretty minimal .
va	NNS	Maybe other events had happened but had not been documented .
va	NN	That Mayor Dennison , kinda got the hots for her and she 's stepping out with me .
va	NNS	Minos made a noise like a puppy in a bag finding it had a brick for company .
va	NNS	The volunteers will come in every ten days to have their vitals checked and to submit to a drug screen .
va	NNS	""" What were the charges ? """
va	NN	The detonation he 'd heard had been deliberate .
va	NN	My stallion snorted uneasily at the downpour and took several steps backward .
va	NN	The landscaping was exceptionally nice considering a bunch of guys lived here .
va	NNS	The attorneys hesitated and then departed reluctantly .
va	NN	There 's also an amp and a bass guitar in the corner beside a small plastic Christmas tree decorated with red and sliver ornaments and tinsel .
va	NN	Hailey 's eyesight had returned .
va	NNS	"Your manners are exquisite , particularly toward me . """
va	NN	""" The maker is gon na judge you just how he wants to judge you ."
va	NN	Although he couldn 't see how a jury of his peers would reach any other conclusion .
va	NN	The entire revelation was astounding to Timmy .
va	NNS	The faeries whispered to each other , low , melodic songs beneath their breaths .
va	NNS	Nikolas bobbed up and down on his heels .
va	NN	She was dressed in a ratty old flannel nightgown , one Papa had given her years ago .
va	NNS	Seconds later , at least a dozen soldiers appeared , spears pointing at the three young newcomers .
va	NNS	His claws are longer than my fingers and cool to the touch .
va	NN	The big sucker 's bigger than any building I 've ever worked on .
va	NN	Failure to comply would result in my death , and my mom 's .
va	NNS	Rhys looked more peaceful than he had since I met him .
va	NNS	Men strutted by in perfectly tailored suits and women glowed in couture gowns .
va	NN	A buzzer sounded and the nurse answered a small electronic beeper .
va	NNS	So many folks in Bayfield , Wisconsin were kind enough to answer my many questions about the area , including Robert Nelson , local author .
va	NN	However , dear reader , insects are nature 's victim .
va	NNS	The trunks looked the most interesting , however .
va	NNS	Plastic condom wrappers in the garbage can .
va	NN	A squeal sounded across the courtyard .
va	NN	Slowly and deliberately , the prime minister raised his head .
va	NNS	She put her hands out , fists clenched around the spheres .
va	NN	The president squinted a bit .
va	NNS	Barrett 's conversations with Chet were mainly about books , and certainly not logic books .
va	NN	The fourth symbol goes into place , completing the circle of protection that traps the spirit .
va	NNS	There were still points that could be scored with a graceful defeat .
va	NNS	The slices of meat are oily inside and charred black on the surface .
va	NNS	The awkwardness of doing so would have been too damn excruciating .
va	NNS	Her hands came up between the hard press of his body against hers , her palms flattened across his sternum .
va	NNS	His breaths were coming faster , yet she couldn 't seem to look away .
va	NNS	The bikers were small , but heavily muscled .
va	NNS	Tears began to roll down her cheek .
va	NNS	"My condolences , "" Kinsley lowered his gaze ."
va	NNS	In an instant , flesh tore and blood sprayed a thin line over the car window .
va	NN	"Gift said , "" You 're so cute ! """
va	NN	Only an ornamental patch of dewy green grass with bright , spongy moss framed one side of the stout concrete driveway .
va	NN	The stallion pulled back against the reins and nearly reared , trying to avoid the glowing figure before him .
va	NNS	Sykes tumbles down the docking tube , out the opening and is seen falling into the depth of the cavern , spinning end over end .
va	NN	"We can utilize these books to establish property titles , "" the president posited ."
va	NNS	Tears burned my eyes .
va	NNS	Hours later Avery stumbled in drunk to join her and he soon snored soundly next to her , none the wiser .
va	NN	Disappointment flashed over Bradley 's freckled face , but he quickly recovered .
va	NN	But that same , dark intensity was there , just beneath the skin .
va	NNS	But the doubts held her tongue a moment longer .
va	NN	"Did your little queen think that one up ? """
va	NN	The dryness in my throat caught a lump and threatened to choke me to death right there .
va	NN	Nash 's first task this morning was to promote Bill Manfredi , from associate to junior partner .
va	NN	With a stiff half bow , the butler disappeared with the coats and wine .
va	NNS	The two treasure dogs from before were still chasing me viciously .
va	NNS	All gazes turned to Sean , sitting strong and quiet beside Andrea with an air of power that matched Liam 's .
va	NN	The tune was like a war siren to his young ears .
va	NN	The humor left his eyes as he leaned forward and placed his hand on her stomach .
va	NN	Unfortunately , this new virus also turned out to be a false alarm .
va	NN	Her only alternative was to hide somewhere in the city until another opportunity arose for her to escape .
va	NNS	Later , engineers capped that river during construction , built scaffolding to support the lab over the pit .
va	NNS	Sweat beads begin to accumulate along my hairline .
va	NN	The black cloud stood its ground for a bit longer but then dispersed into thin air like smoke .
va	NNS	"What are my options ? """
va	NNS	Lars had great strength , however , and had more than once given Ambrose a good drubbing .
va	NN	The telephone on is desk rang .
va	NNS	"The lilies are beautiful by the Loire . """
va	NN	""" That cake you 're baking in your oven isn 't mine . """
va	NN	Any resemblance to actual events or locations or persons , living or dead or undead , is entirely coincidental .
va	NN	The helicopter circled a lone , black office building , about twenty stories tall , that sat overlooking a bay .
va	NN	Oh , Stacy ... The only other item in the box was a Miles Davis CD that Olivia had loaned Stacy .
va	NN	The speaker was an old man , clothed in simple grey robes .
va	NN	There was a glimmer of strategic excitement in her eyes .
va	NN	Your mother 's disappearance forced him to expose his position .
va	NNS	Two crisp snaps sounded from where the bones were once joined .
va	NNS	A few birds crept closer in search of food .
va	NNS	Seattle 's artistic creations of every kind were on display .
va	NNS	""" Your injuries are not serious considering the extent of the fire . """
va	NNS	Men don 't cry .
va	NN	u seem to be near the same age as me .
va	NN	The penthouse was huge and she was almost out of breath when she ran into the foyer to grab her purse .
va	NN	When he sat down , however , a strange odor met his nose .
va	NNS	I talked to the instructors , something Juliet hadn 't done .
va	NNS	""" The meds will make you sick if you don 't get something in your stomach ."
va	NNS	The tiny pads of his fingers briefly touched the wilted flowers I 'd brought last week .
va	NNS	There were stubby , useless claws and fingers that were too short or fused together .
va	NNS	Folklore was sipping lukewarm instant coffee , carried by hand the several hundred yards from the canteen and half slopped into the saucer .
va	NNS	Mothers can be so unthinking sometimes .
va	NNS	Then there were two sickening cracks , like kindling being snapped , as the huge knight stamped first on one leg , then the other .
va	NN	There was another deafening explosion and she had a vague impression of light and heat somewhere close to her .
va	NNS	Metis looked at me a second , then gave me a curt nod .
va	NN	Another series of quakes shook the house knocking him to the floor and he heard a crash downstairs .
va	NN	""" Anybody would have wanted to do that . """
va	NNS	The grey robes were pouring into the smithy .
va	NNS	"Sometimes small towns can have pretty slim pickings . """
va	NN	The struggle began to not let myself feel anything , to think only of what has to be endured to survive .
va	NN	"The clerk asks , "" How large a dog do you have ? """
va	NNS	"There were guests at Albany continually when my father was alive and I often sought refuge in the cabins . """
va	NN	His c * ck hung heavily between his legs , making her tummy flutter in anticipation .
va	NNS	"There are these surprises in box number eight . """
va	NNS	Tears glistened across his cheeks .
va	NNS	My heart pounds like it always does when I 'm around her .
va	NN	Amongst all of this , to control her reputation , the Queen had hired many storytellers who were spreading tales around the kingdom .
va	NN	"A quick query , a few clicks , and I had a message off to her . """
va	NN	The fort that Jeff had seen from the ship was an imposing structure with high stone walls that came right to the water 's edge .
va	NNS	Hundreds of thousands of the rich and important people lived there for decades until their supplies ran out and forced them to come aboveground .
va	NNS	In the distance crickets chirped .
va	NN	The stock of firewood would last for a couple days , but David was going to have to cut more soon .
va	NNS	Still , there are tire tracks , and the rocky landscape is intriguing .
va	NN	""" The Queen didn 't say I was Immortal . """
va	NN	99 % of the sale of nitrites is for recreational use by the gay community .
va	NN	Immediately , the intensity of everyone 's gaze on her pressed against her awareness and a deeper reality sank in .
va	NN	The bucket filled quickly and I replaced it with another .
va	NN	""" That you bond your life force to mine . """
va	NN	The rumble of a tire , riding on its sidewalls , followed .
va	NNS	Four cops spilled out .
va	NNS	But then again , maybe the reaches of the forest had grown beyond what he had known .
va	NNS	Nikolas merely grunted as if to insinuate that Xavier was wasting his life with such distractions .
va	NN	""" The mall , "" Matthew directed the driver and slipped in beside Stephanie ."
va	NN	At the forefront of all her anguish was Ash .
va	NNS	Men slathered the edges of the lid with a slurry of ash and lime to bind stone to stone .
va	NNS	There were all kinds of things going on .
va	NNS	""" His wounds seem to be healing ."
va	NNS	""" But secrets have their own weight , and it can be a very heavy one . """
va	NN	The troop headed back toward the keep , making their way slowly but steadily through the night .
va	NN	""" Who is it from , "" Mama asked ."
va	NNS	My techs catalogued the meds , but they didn 't flag them .
va	NN	A splash of mud on its gleaming wing was an affront , like a smudge of lipstick on a fashionably decadent model in a photo shoot .
va	NNS	The doctors quickly signed Jackson out .
va	NN	There was another surge that sounded almost like a detonation , then another , and another .
va	NN	Papa hadn 't called her ' Little Owl ' in years .
va	NNS	As Aunt Betty had said , three hundred dollars wasn 't that much money anymore .
va	NN	After a few tries Dane was able to get through .
va	NN	Unfortunately , buried in all the legalese , is that upon the sale of the company , our family stock reverts to several trusts .
va	NNS	My uncles shuffle away .
va	NN	The prospect of it made this chaos of packing and moving seem worthwhile .
va	NN	A glassy magick eight ball .
va	NN	The explosion of my lamp as it struck the floor was lost beneath my bona fide girl scream .
va	NNS	Inside the man , his heart was shutting down , chambers clogging as his blood thickened .
va	NN	' The gossip has always suggested the trucks taken there in your grandfather 's day were bulldozed under .
va	NN	""" A restraining order ? """
va	NNS	The union bosses control huge political campaign contributions from money extracted from their members ' paychecks .
va	NN	"The crystal can get me here , but it won 't necessarily get us out . """
va	NNS	Chances were that he would be home long before the letter arrived .
va	NNS	""" Yeah , but the Vampire Council 's files are practically the same . """
va	NNS	Dining room tables generally get knocked around , setting dishes on top of it and what not .
va	NNS	Tears trickled from the corners of Madison 's eyes .
va	NN	""" There is no solution ? """
va	NNS	What would these faeries do if they knew how I felt ?
va	NNS	But the ridiculous terms of the will had him handcuffed , and for the time being Tara held the key .
va	NNS	Electronic curtains closed and Rosie 's heartbreaking face disappeared from the window .
va	NNS	Tears had streamed down my face in salty rivers for what I had done .
va	NNS	The wounds were even worse up close .
va	NN	The caffeine wins , despite the fact that my affection for Six is slightly greater .
va	NNS	There were no chairs in the small room , but two tall bookshelves covered all but a small corner of the wall behind the computer monitors .
va	NN	The quivering turned into a wobble and Claire sensed an imminent meltdown .
va	NNS	There are loads of issues here . '
va	NNS	""" Your comments are wise as always ."
va	NN	Ahead , a cement mixer churned gray mortar into a steel trough as a helmeted worker monitored the progress .
va	NNS	Deep breaths calmed Viktor , but then his stare shifted from House 12 to 13 .
va	NN	For a fraction of an inch inward from this outline the landscape was just visible through them : beyond that they were opaque .
va	NN	A rumor emphatically denied by Nikolaus .
va	NN	His fiancée was sitting in front of her sewing machine with her head down and the machine whirling away .
va	NN	The solution was a small garden full of plants that thrived in the shade .
va	NN	A solution seemed unfeasible .
va	NN	""" They 're thinning , "" the gunslinger said ."
va	NNS	Nikolas looked to all the other Merrow huddles throughout the plaza .
va	NNS	"The cops can look for a thousand years , and they still won 't get me . """
va	NNS	My dark , shiny tresses fell over my shoulders like tarnished bronze .
va	NNS	"As you can see - "" she sniffs and points at the crowd behind her "" - the crowds are going wild and there is chaos ."
va	NN	Her address was in the same building where M. V. Papillon lived . ]
va	NNS	The dogs were enjoying the morning chasing each other round and round in the gathering sunlight .
va	NNS	A heavy hand fel on Bonnie 's shoulder , and she screamed and whipped around , her fists raised in a desperate bid to defend herself .
va	NN	His appearance had changed some , but with a close look she could probably tell who he was .
va	NN	""" My resistance wasn 't pointless ."
va	NNS	Hours slipped away as I lay there immersed in a time long gone .
va	NN	""" Somebody shot Jeff Davis ? """
va	NNS	Guys have probably won her heart while you are here waiting for her .
va	NNS	The octopus counted to three and pulled with all his might , it hurt for a couple seconds , but then I just popped out .
va	NNS	The dogs , I suppose .
va	NN	Your encounter probably saved her , prevented a direct attack .
va	NNS	"Exactly ten years ago truck bombs exploded out front -- "" The assassin flicked the channel ."
va	NNS	The tables and chairs were arriving tomorrow , so the dining room had to be painted tonight .
va	NN	But before long the fog began to fade , and the four felt naked to all sight .
va	NNS	Hundreds of thousands of stars filled the sky .
va	NNS	There was something sinister about my stepbrother I noticed since we had become siblings .
va	NNS	""" My folks have been in a nasty mood all week , arguing and shouting ."
va	NNS	Tears poured down her face , soaking the pillow beneath her head .
va	NN	The tavern was still busy .
va	NNS	The cracks extend and widen , making their way around the walls toward me .
va	NN	"The Darwin contingent , decimated by the first "" war "" began building a secret arms factory ."
va	NN	A powerful gust of wind came from nowhere and blew a cloud of dust at him .
va	NN	""" How could an ending be happy ?"
va	NNS	His fists hammered home time after time until he 'd driven the wolf to his knees .
va	NNS	The sadness in her eyes betrayed her .
va	NNS	Grams and I are alike .
va	NNS	The scars indicate past self-harm or past abuse .
va	NN	Anything he touched seemed to reap huge returns so she just fit into that category of ' a good investment ' that others wanted in on .
va	NNS	My palms were slightly sweaty and I wiped them on my jeans .
va	NNS	The bubbles did keep rising up , but Basha suddenly had a strange feeling that something was wrong .
va	NN	Fear would only take them so far .
va	NN	""" The flyer got you into the club for a look ; drinking got you kicked out ."
va	NN	Sheriff Bates comment was we 'll search every crevice and corner of this town until those girls have been recovered .
va	NNS	""" So those bastards might be coming about to finish us off ? """
va	NNS	The delusions soon changed , however .
va	NNS	Deep , vengeful cuts tore through her cheeks .
va	NN	My blood boiled and my mind seethed .
va	NNS	Her vicious comments still rang in my head .
va	NNS	His helplessness , his inability to act , enraged him .
va	NNS	Tears filled her eyes .
va	NNS	The other whales were near her and had been periodically coming up to check on her .
va	NN	Then a large branch swung slowly from above , descending , its shadow racing across the grass toward him .
va	NNS	"The citizens chant , "" Rann ."
va	NNS	Tears filled Della 's eyes .
va	NN	"Honestly , their gossiping sickens me . """
va	NN	"There 's a secret pop quiz on chapter seven tomorrow . """
va	NN	""" I kinda thought you 'd say that . """
va	NN	His sobbing pierces the air .
va	NN	The technology reasserted itself .
va	NN	The first impression that she gave , was that of a strange Lamia who didn 't look like she could take down a five-year old .
va	NN	Perhaps the most distinct clue they found was the Barbados coat of arms stamp on the back , inner portion of the cover .
va	NN	""" This attitude will change in time , as you move beyond your role as a warrior and grow your power as a sorcerer ."
va	NN	The great bird landed beside the boy .
va	NN	The performance had stopped at last .
va	NN	Anything in particular you want ?
va	NN	"Your ticket will expire in five months . """
va	NNS	For now , all the dogs are with Sunny .
va	NN	The bodyguard was frowning .
va	NN	""" But any nation that seeks peace with Troy on her terms may leave here unmolested and enjoy the fruits of our trade . """
va	NNS	""" All sorts of thing , "" Jonas said slowly ."
va	NN	And the end result would be much the same , if they found me .
va	NN	Beyond the door , there was a vast chamber , nearly three stories high and over a hundred feet across .
va	NN	""" What is the maximum capacity of the system , sister ? """
va	NN	After another couple seconds , the egg lay in her hand , a tiny zigzag crack marring its smooth surface but its contents still safely contained .
va	NN	The necklace belonged to one Mrs. Jennings , a widowed friend of Ainsley 's brother .
va	NNS	The events of the previous evening and early morning sorted themselves out in my mind .
va	NN	A tower , it had to be Big Ben .
va	NNS	"Julia , Jon and Running Deer are at the portal . """
va	NNS	The armored beasts of the south rammed and killed many .
va	NNS	"Jessica said simply , "" I 'll have one waffle with blueberries and whip cream , two slices of bacon and orange juice ."
va	NN	A vein in her temple twitched at the sound of the word death and I bit my lip , scolding myself for my choice of words .
va	NN	Somebody might be eavesdropping .
va	NNS	The bicycles flew up onto the hood , cracking the windshield in the corner , before clattering across the roof .
va	NNS	Broken breaths crippled his speech .
va	NN	Maybe true mercy lay not in withholding the axe , but in allowing the axe to fall .
va	NNS	On the other side were photographs of a woman who was always alone , even in the biggest of crowds .
va	NNS	' Are you telling me there are elephants rampaging around Zanzibar , even in the town ? '
va	NNS	Men were running by when the next door opened .
va	NN	""" Her bloodline has been absorbing vampire essence for a long time ."
va	NN	""" The Queen has her . """
va	NNS	The trunks reeked , flaking away like dead skin , and everywhere beneath each footfall lay a sharp crunch .
va	NN	Just needed the fruit and pastries .
va	NN	""" A secret society from back in the day when Elena 's parents were here , "" he said ."
va	NNS	Nikolas stood to his feet .
va	NN	But the butterflies rioting in her stomach made her feel too vulnerable to take that kind of intimacy in stride .
va	NN	The thin material of her clothes did little to keep her warm , though running made up for it , and she could run all day .
va	NNS	My phone rings in my hand and I do not recognize the number .
va	NN	""" Help , "" cried the reporter , his voice so weak the plea sounded like a question ."
va	NNS	His balls tingled as the beginnings of his orgasm started .
va	NNS	""" That thing 's claws are sharper than our swords ."
va	NN	Like the Preamble , this section had remained a mystery to us at the time .
va	NN	"The remainder use the bamboo rod alone ... Your cell could do with some tidying . """
va	NN	""" The whole military is here ."
va	NNS	There were icicles in its eyebrows , and its eyes were the color of lake ice just before it cracks and drops you into freezing water .
va	NN	The band played on , two-minute blast followed by two-minute blast , until the set list was completed .
va	NNS	There are some missing links .
va	NN	This had always been there , lying in wait , an ambush set to take us over .
va	NNS	The hairs were standing up on the back of my neck as I read the article .
va	NN	Meanwhile the car parked a hundred meters away , recognizes its owner .
va	NN	There was still the possibility that this was all subterfuge .
va	NN	The armor and weapons of that battle had been from antiquity .
va	NNS	Tears started to stream down her face .
va	NNS	"All sorts of fun stuff . """
va	NN	Small Talk is looking up at me , but he isn 't impressed .
va	NN	The study angle was the easiest way to work her mother 's guilt .
va	NNS	"And then his sled dogs run blindly off a cliff ? """
va	NN	"The library should be the most comfortable for you . """
te	NNS	He lay beside his lover , blankets pulled up around his shoulders , and shut his eyes tightly .
te	NNS	The dragon was resting now , wings tugged close to its belly and its tail disappearing under the band on Roth 's dark jeans .
te	NN	The cloth wrapped around his arm fell away to reveal dried and crumbling flesh .
te	NNS	Human responses were geologically slow , compared to a high-speed computer .
te	NNS	There 's tons of it up there in that rock wall ! '
te	NN	""" The rule is wife , consort or heir to the throne ."
te	NNS	The other reporters were silent as Mike and I talked .
te	NNS	Two more rapid strikes produce no damage , and the sentinel has reclaimed its weapon , promptly winding up to murder the irritating intruder .
te	NNS	Killing demons is your destiny .
te	NN	Everybody around him were all smiles , but he could not bring his lips to his ears .
te	NN	"And nobody helped me until I met Mary . """
te	NN	The ocean was black and infinite .
te	NN	No , the bus is rocking gently from side to side , pushed and pulled by hundreds of hands .
te	NN	The singing seemed to be growing louder , as well .
te	NN	His beast ran free often .
te	NN	The lead character -- Catalina something , I think - is a flower cutter .
te	NN	There was a sleek , feline quality about her that appealed to all of his senses .
te	NNS	The rusted metal towers got shorter and shorter , until only a few squat buildings remained right on the edge of the city .
te	NN	And surely our destiny is plain ; we see it in the gifts we possess . '
te	NNS	Vampires were invading tiny Ellensburg , Washington .
te	NNS	His ribs were a lot more solid than her elbow .
te	NNS	""" But maps don 't show villages ."
te	NNS	The witches seem to value my soul more than Tam 's , since I 'm the so-called seer .
te	NNS	Furious , she pushed me away , slapped me and got up but didn 't leave before delivering a dramatic one-liner .
te	NN	A dust devil whirled in the dirt tracks of the road that ran the perimeter of the cemetery .
te	NNS	The odds were against him .
te	NN	Shock radiated over his face for a moment , and then the black lines surged to the forefront again .
te	NNS	Servants scuttled through the trenches running between the platforms , delivering food to the dining aristocrats .
te	NN	In general , the Russian aircraft were over-engineered , able to withstand much more abuse than their western counterparts .
te	NNS	Prometheus stopped his prayer and huddled the rest of his group inside .
te	NN	"Once my campaign manager works his magic with a new spin , nobody will think for even a second that we 're a couple . """
te	NNS	As the morning wore on , the clouds that shrouded the mountain tops continued to thicken and lower .
te	NNS	""" The parties find me . """
te	NNS	There were dozens of reports to go through , maybe closer to a hundred of the blasted things .
te	NNS	Chapter quotes ( by real people ) belong to the person who spoke them and no infringement is intended .
te	NNS	How many kings had risen and fallen while he watched ?
te	NN	When he saw Sir Hugo 's familiar figure descending from the railway carriage , his life-long affection submerged all ground for blame .
te	NNS	Puffy white clouds -- entirely too white and puffy , perhaps -- floated gently through the brilliant blue sky above .
te	NNS	The clusters of trees stood at the ends of the tables , marking various walkways through the greenhouse .
te	NN	The cop in front of them looked surprised that they weren 't giving up .
te	NNS	Zeus fixed him with a beseeching gaze before reluctantly sitting .
te	NNS	The bells were just an echo in his head now , dimmed by common sense .
te	NNS	Faint freckles came into being .
te	NNS	The only occupants at the moment were ten children .
te	NNS	""" Are princesses allowed to look like hell ? """
te	NNS	"What were your impressions ? """
te	NN	Even though it was no longer raining , moisture lingered on all of the needles and blades shining like a thousand tiny diamonds .
te	NNS	"Those mountains are amazing . """
te	NNS	Cyclops were behind Cronus and an entire century of them were standing behind Varro 's people .
te	NN	Veronika nodded and stepped back , this warm reception was not something she 'd encountered before from anyone , not even Mrs. Kilpatrick .
te	NNS	The two lads grab chairs and assume the same position as Phil , whereas Rachel sits conventionally like me .
te	NNS	Too many centuries had passed since he 'd last been tempted to entrust a mortal with the truth about who he was .
te	NN	My sling was both a mark of honor and of shame ; everyone knew I 'd been there .
te	NN	The web of connections had vanished , thinning out and then just plain disappearing .
te	NN	A moment later the bead dropped down into Stefan 's mouth and she felt the sheer staggering power of how much he loved her .
te	NN	The beam flickered across the plush carpet as someone moved inside the bathroom .
te	NN	A chill came over me .
te	NN	The toad seemed to smile .
te	NN	The jagged stone gleamed and Auron 's eyes twitched .
te	NNS	Justus registered the Flux using stolen codes and docking permission was promptly granted .
te	NN	The rear of the shop held a workbench on which parts were scattered .
te	NNS	Footsteps echoed off the floor ; they were literally going in circles .
te	NNS	There were matters to attend to that were far more pressing than enlightening confused old-timers .
te	NNS	Marine shuttles launched from the destroyers and latched onto the ships .
te	NNS	The animals flew off in the direction they had come .
te	NNS	The dishes need to be clean and ready to be used fresh .
te	NNS	Unknown to her , the stones hidden in the folds of her bed started to glow .
te	NN	At the airport and during the flight the atmosphere was strained .
te	NN	So easily duped and taken advantage of .
te	NN	A flush crawled up her cheeks that threatened to raise the temperature five degrees .
te	NNS	""" Not with two armies camped practically against the walls . """
te	NN	The first bolt bounced of the creature 's skull , the second embedded in its chest .
te	NN	The antique wardrobe turned out to be filled with clothes that were new or rarely worn from the pristine look of them .
te	NN	A black velvet ribbon adorned her newly curled hair .
te	NNS	' Esteemed gentlemen , ' he said then , ' I just realized something -- what and from where , excuse me from sharing with you .
te	NNS	His historical archives were notoriously dull reading guaranteed to act as a soporific .
te	NN	Her schooling , plus her internship , didn 't leave much room for a social life , anyway .
te	NN	The crew mumbled amongst themselves while the brutish captain shouted a few commands here and there .
te	NNS	Drunk , glum mortals stared into their drinks .
te	NNS	Certainly conditions had been getting drier recently .
te	NNS	The steep mountains were so large that they disappeared into the clouds .
te	NNS	Ben leans forward , elbows resting over the bar , an impressed smirk on his face .
te	NN	But the Nyon temple seemed to be erected brand anew .
te	NNS	Impossibly , his shrieks grew even louder .
te	NN	Weirdly , cooking and laundry seemed to offer some opportunities .
te	NN	The additional respite may not be necessary , but it might do you some good .
te	NNS	My nerves were strung tight this close to him , but even more so because of Ryder watching me from across the table .
te	NNS	Your nightmares hint that he 's a murderer !
te	NN	But the last bomb landed maybe fifty yards behind us .
te	NN	Nobody could cut through a building .
te	NNS	Clouds swirled overhead , dark and ominous , blocking out any moonlight , yet it was a beautiful sight .
te	NN	""" My nightmare , "" Jenny said ."
te	NN	However there was an unspoken agreement within the group of friends that nothing would be said about it to the Duke .
te	NN	There was a smack of empty palm on emptier head .
te	NN	To the right of the desk was a long row of stylist chairs lining the wall .
te	NNS	""" The evenings are long at sea ."
te	NNS	Michaels was panting with effort .
te	NNS	Rules are there for a reason , agreed ?
te	NNS	Cyrus had never helped either .
te	NN	his aunt screamed , casting desperate glances at the empty doorway and beginning to babble .
te	NNS	Footsteps came in behind her , then stopped a few feet away .
te	NN	Its logic is brilliant and fits my situation perfectly .
te	NN	About five hundred years ago ere was a scholar in the College of Arcane Learning .
te	NN	The soldier swam swiftly and economically .
te	NN	There is sorrow in Harlin 's voice .
te	NN	""" Your scout arrived six days ago and word has already been sent to the armies in the south ."
te	NNS	""" Those rumors aren 't new ."
te	NN	No makeup , her hair a beautiful tangle , the woman was so gorgeous that she made him ache .
te	NN	""" The jet stamp comes with perks ."
te	NN	""" Where 's the exit ? """
te	NN	The urge to get back to Steve grew more intense , like invisible chains pulling at her .
te	NNS	Those adorable curls would have made him look g * y if not for his strong jaw .
te	NN	If we isolate those signals only , the red dots on the screen will be the dingoes .
te	NNS	Tallis looked at me and put his hand on my knee as he joined in on the conversation I had apparently managed to miss .
te	NN	The sensation grew more unnerving as they traveled .
te	NNS	The twelve old fighters roared into the air and split apart , half for the white plane and half for the yellow .
te	NNS	The engines they are expensive , lose crank bearings , no ?
te	NN	The device in Malcolm 's hand is blinking an amber light and beeping .
te	NN	"Anyone else has fallen for it sometime or other . """
te	NNS	No kings could admit their weaknesses , but they were certainly wise to admit their strengths .
te	NNS	Years passed , and no golden coach came down the back lanes of working-class London .
te	NN	Again , the ladder shifted and she held on tight as Sebastian pulled the ladder up the pipe , removing Madeline 's only way of escaping .
te	NN	The mechanic thought it wise to keep his tongue .
te	NNS	Eight rounds left , plus what remained in the machine gun .
te	NNS	Tess disappears and I shoot Gunny a look .
te	NNS	Both our hearts were racing .
te	NNS	The clouds slowly changed shape above her in the blue sky .
te	NN	""" This copy is for you to study ."
te	NN	She shook her head , disbelief clouding her beautiful green eyes .
te	NN	A deep groan tore from his chest .
te	NN	The cleaning crew was strolling off while the foreman locked the door and followed .
te	NNS	The wheels behind those sky-blue eyes turned as he decided my fate ; to toss my curious ass out or not to toss my curious ass out .
te	NNS	Years of breeding and training took over as adrenaline coursed through her , and anticipation for the fight consumed her .
te	NN	And then her descent ended abruptly , wrenching her arm .
te	NNS	The strangers seemed so out of place , so lost , that he felt obliged to be helpful , and later to guide them to the City .
te	NNS	The French dragons recoiled from the fireballs dropping into their faces , fouling their smooth line .
te	NNS	The defensive barriers were winding down .
te	NN	""" Like the album cover . """
te	NNS	Mom brows shoot up .
te	NNS	""" The leeches dampen your brother 's strength or he would be fighting ."
te	NNS	The bouncers collect my tips from my show so I don 't have to crawl around on the ground , collecting it myself .
te	NN	Panic washed over me .
te	NN	Somehow his skull had stopped Sean 's bullet from entering his brain .
te	NN	No holiday snaps , no video footage ; nothing .
te	NNS	Stokes sent Tamsin over to stand by me to clear the way for the hearse .
te	NNS	Lukas watched her for a moment , mesmerized by her strong strokes .
te	NNS	The drivers were saying goodbye to their families .
te	NNS	Lukas even point out some areas that he had marched through with her great uncle .
te	NN	Speed couldn 't take it anymore .
te	NN	The luckiest reindeer ever to grace wool .
te	NNS	Tomas , their third mate , handed over a mug of hot soup .
te	NN	"No defining features . """
te	NNS	The grey storm clouds split open , revealing open sky .
te	NNS	The candles flickered , again , softly lighting the dancing figures .
te	NN	The dagger above the fireplace beckons me .
te	NNS	Some spells leave lingering touches , even after being removed .
te	NN	The cop drew broad strokes through parts of the form that did not apply to us , perhaps previous convictions or gainful employment or significant other .
te	NNS	The hints were subtle at first .
te	NN	The crack was the same .
te	NNS	His brows came together .
te	NN	A flock of white birds flew overhead .
te	NNS	The cows feed themselves , after all . '
te	NNS	Candles flickered amber light .
te	NNS	""" You gentlemen are mostly going to be seeing my hindquarters ."
te	NN	The barren desert below them suddenly rose into a collection of mesas and bluffs , giant slabs of rock rising like skyscrapers from the earth .
te	NNS	""" What can your talents do against that ? """
te	NN	The recipe worked when done correctly , and led to nice homemade pancakes .
te	NNS	There were troops sent into Russia via the northern polar religions and eastern Siberia .
te	NNS	Three years ago , the high priestess told me of the Sleeping Goddess .
te	NNS	The groups were waiting .
te	NN	Anyone with eyes in his head couldn 't possibly miss that .
te	NNS	The French royals make promises that they do not intend to keep .
te	NN	Silence rose from the lower depths of the turret .
te	NN	As time crawled on , his patience came to an end .
te	NN	And then the doorbell rang again and I rushed to answer it before my father got there .
te	NNS	However , this day , there were more pressing matters .
te	NNS	"All the residents claim they 've never seen this guy before ? """
te	NN	""" A fungus maybe ? """
te	NNS	The numbness was more essential in some places than in others .
te	NN	The hot urge to brand her as his own won out .
te	NNS	""" Friends , "" her mother echoed softly ."
te	NNS	Footsteps interrupted my thoughts and a nurse came into the room .
te	NN	His destination would be behind him , so he looked over his shoulder .
te	NNS	My insides melted a little bit , and it had nothing to do with him wanting me to play naughty librarian with him .
te	NNS	His senses began reeling .
te	NNS	Then two tons of German engineering hit him and bore him under .
te	NN	Sometimes the behaviour which I call bad is not inconvenient to me at all , but the very opposite .
te	NN	"A slight red flush tinted Zhang 's cheeks , but she said proudly , "" I 'm sure I would have agreed with her reasoning . """
te	NNS	Rumors of more and more dragons seen taking to the skies .
te	NN	Rain was pouring down hard , and Travis remembered standing with Gabby , wondering how best to get to their car .
te	NNS	Her reactions felt razor sharp .
te	NN	As the meeting ended , the Idaho governor walked over and shook John 's hand .
te	NN	The makeup she wore made her look older and less fresh .
te	NN	Lot of people here tonight wouldn 't have noticed or cared if she had served cheap champagne and second-rate food .
te	NNS	These little formalities are the very soul of civilized behavior . '
te	NN	The hum of prayer spread like a chant through the square , the crowd swayed while their pitch rose .
te	NNS	Doctors do not kiss hands .
te	NN	""" My proposal is still open . """
te	NN	There was only a slight breeze in the tops of the trees and barely a ripple across the river .
te	NN	The brute struck him across the face splitting his lip and loosening several teeth .
te	NN	""" You see , my logic is quite generous the more you think of it ."
te	NN	The duo stepped forward .
te	NNS	His talents wane , but his authority remains .
te	NN	""" Well ... childhood wasn 't really fun for him ."
te	NNS	Most witches never ascended to those heights .
te	NNS	Vampires - those Carpathians who have chosen to lose their souls and cannot be redeemed - still seek to try .
te	NNS	Snow white five story buildings linked by high towered buttresses made up the outer perimeter walls .
te	NN	""" Some soldier slammed into me earlier today ."
te	NN	A twist to one direction and a fine mist spouted forth from the ends of the parasol 's ribs .
te	NNS	Her limbs were stiff , her blue eyes glassy and forever distant .
te	NN	The shout came out pathetically weak .
te	NN	Lot 's of shooting , sword slicing , and magic .
te	NNS	"There were some rather gaping holes in your argument . """
te	NN	The copilot shook his head .
te	NN	Looking about her , there was an alleyway across the road .
te	NNS	Once he filed suit and exposed the drug , those vultures he 'd just met in the Circle of Barristers would swarm to find the clients .
te	NNS	No animals were in the pens .
te	NN	There was a depth in them that spoke of chaos and secrets , of wanting to possess and not quite knowing when to let go .
te	NNS	"Where are your shorts and shoes ? """
te	NNS	On the coffee table , flies lit on a half-eaten , moldy cheeseburger .
te	NNS	The shocks abated , and I could only sit there and gasp for breath .
te	NNS	A few bolts of cramp remained within his muscles .
te	NN	My knuckles turned white .
te	NN	A file moved from one pile to another , a slip of paper changing hands .
te	NNS	His diamond wings fold inward and again he glances back , like he can sense us .
te	NN	I glanced back at our table and found Sylvia staring at me again , her fork held loosely as if forgotten , her eyes wide .
te	NNS	After what had happened before , the odds weren 't good she 'd go back to them again .
te	NN	""" Is he - "" "" The dagger was silver . """
te	NN	"My patience is wearing thin , Lennox , and though I am a peace-loving man , there are some things not even I can tolerate . """
te	NN	Our intelligence of maximizing joys and minimizing pains has made us confined to individual joys and pains .
te	NN	The mark didn 't burn , because she was telling the truth .
te	NN	Then sounded the metallic ring as the marked man drew a dagger from its iron scabbard .
te	NNS	Zeus took Karin 's hand from his hair and held it .
te	NN	Silence reigned for a moment as Steven studied her .
te	NNS	Both teams lined up along the side lines , took their helmets off , and faced the huge flag at the eastern end of the stadium .
te	NN	And architecture too with their beautiful palaces .
te	NNS	And these mood swings were now exhausting him .
te	NNS	The other demons vanished immediately , and the magicians who had raised them all collapsed , convulsing in the snow in the throes of assorted seizures .
te	NN	The amusement vanished and he frowned .
te	NNS	And , even then , only if appropriate security measures were in place .
te	NNS	""" The Brethren must meet you as soon as possible ."
te	NN	The flight attendant came back with our drinks .
te	NNS	Jess shook her head .
te	NN	There was but so much rejection he could handle before his heart shattered .
te	NNS	""" And without a middle there are no extremes ."
te	NNS	Perhaps you gentlemen should leave me here with her for a little while .
te	NN	Nobody was going to free him , so he had to get used to this .
te	NN	"Sex does not warrant death . """
te	NNS	The Children of the Stars charity will benefit from your extreme generosity .
te	NN	The fired rocket struck the bridge ahead of them , exploding old ties and rending apart steel .
te	NNS	""" Probably some state union workers rule about holidays trumping Saturdays . """
te	NN	There was a hint of grey mixed in its dark hue .
te	NN	Our grandfather and my adopted grandfather came through times that made them the men they are .
te	NNS	The buildings and subdivisions are now behind us , to my great relief .
te	NNS	Needless to say if the chambers do not work as planned , due to food requirements the bunkers will only be able to hold 2,000 individuals .
te	NNS	Tough , prickly weeds growing in ditches alongside the road were the only plants in evidence .
te	NN	Rain had dripped through a large hole in the roof , warping the old wood .
te	NNS	The criminals he intended to expose would never stop looking for him .
te	NN	The realization of it hit them .
te	NN	The world stilled , briefly and the shore of a rocky cliff came into focus .
te	NN	The longest amount of time I 'd ever Searched was when Bobby asked me to the dance .
te	NN	"A cousin perhaps ... "" "" What are you suggesting , Giles ? """
te	NN	"fascinating and I did leave the room every time you changed , your dignity is intact ! """
te	NNS	Tomas sank back on the seat , wonder on his face .
te	NNS	""" Those five bad dates were your fault . """
te	NNS	"But with as close as these buildings are ... "" I gestured around at how tightly packed in everything on the compound was ."
te	NN	The Spartan librarian being poisoned was what was always going to happen .
te	NN	And nobody can win a staring contest with infinity .
te	NN	The lover is the father 's mirror .
te	NN	""" The Shade 's law dictates that any involvement in such a rebellion is to be met with a punishment of fifty lashes . """
te	NNS	Aquarius pointed at Bobby 's monitor motioning for him to look at the picture on the screen .
te	NNS	Instead , the earthly armies reacted in confusion .
te	NNS	Not the normal , soft sounds animals made , but more a cry of alarm .
te	NN	""" And their frigate shadowing our cargo ship ? """
te	NN	The last file was thinnest of all .
te	NN	The orange of passing streetlights illuminated the cover .
te	NN	The wagon bumped and jostled as the horses pulled it over clumps of grass .
te	NN	The unknown source of the noise was moving quickly and getting closer to their location .
te	NN	Alex 's temperature climbed higher and higher until she was dead certain she had a dangerous fever .
te	NN	And nobody had known a thing .
te	NN	Every client wanted the money that day .
te	NN	The farmer laughed back .
te	NN	The fluttering my stomach was doing had to be a consequence of no breakfast .
te	NN	A servant took our bags and I couldn 't help but look around at a great many articles he 'd collected .
te	NNS	Well , there were other veins .
te	NN	Cade 's frown sagged into sorrow .
te	NN	And barely resisted the urge to go after Micah and throttle him .
te	NN	My vision swam and my face felt hotter than the sun , coated as it was in a thick layer of sweat .
te	NNS	Rumors had come back to him that he went months without sleep , and there were months when he thought that was true .
te	NN	Sitting down , my heart rate quickens .
te	NNS	At that moment , the dice started rattling in his head .
te	NNS	There were hardly enough students to bother building one in the first place , let alone keep it running .
te	NNS	His nails were yellow and long , curving back on his gnarled hands .
te	NN	The slight evening breeze carried the smell of smoke up the river canyon .
te	NN	A possession that wouldn 't just be physical , despite the rules they 'd set up for their one night together .
te	NNS	No fresh herbs , so dried would have to do .
te	NN	""" He 's a spirited child , "" the boy 's grandfather said ."
te	NNS	Seemingly innocuous , the box is in reality an ancient prison , generated by a magic more powerful than anyone in her clan has ever known .
te	NNS	More moans sounded when Xander 's large hands began to tenderly cascade downward .
te	NNS	Skeletal , metallic towers leaned over the gorge at intervals , none , of course , conveniently within reach .
te	NN	"And a crow flew by and I grabbed it and wrung its neck . """
te	NNS	Justus smirked and she returned a smile , before turning to run up a hefty flight of stairs .
te	NNS	The quantities involved were nothing that would fully support a regiment like ours , but it was still quite a substantial number of goods being entered .
te	NNS	Branches lashed at his face , showering him with snow as his arms failed to respond to his request for them to protect him .
te	NN	Without him , the farm would be so damned , depressingly quiet ... .
te	NNS	""" Horses are part of the experience I 'm looking for , and I could learn the rest ."
te	NN	Maybe desperation had sharpened his wits .
te	NNS	""" Should one of those dots stray within one hundred feet of the gate , the turrets lock on automatically ."
te	NNS	The black veins pulsed beneath his skin , choking his senses and dulling his mind .
te	NN	The clan gave him a very nice funeral , though .
te	NN	The hum of the open line cut off , and from outside , the mower quit .
te	NNS	""" Which side are you gentlemen on ? """
te	NNS	Gaius clenched his hands .
te	NNS	""" My troops , "" Adam introduced ."
te	NN	A bubbly server appeared in front of them .
te	NN	The beam of her flashlight splashed across Cassie 's face , momentarily blinding her .
te	NN	There 's no paparazzi !
te	NNS	Then my senses click in and I stop .
te	NN	The breeze pushes her over cliffs dominated by a bright green forest .
te	NNS	There were two blocks of RDX explosives in there , as well .
te	NNS	The marines grew tense and kept their weapons ready .
te	NN	In her experience all cooks were short and round or tall and round or round and round .
te	NN	Luke made one last passionate plea .
te	NNS	The power relations of the plains were constantly changing .
te	NNS	The leather volumes are shoved haphazardly on the shelves , some even upside down .
te	NNS	From what I knew about Olden Cross , the skies were always like this here .
te	NNS	The tools looked old and decrepit .
te	NN	A thin beam scanned his retinal print and a swab dipped into the side of his mouth .
te	NN	""" I am not privy to that information , "" replied the inventor ."
te	NNS	Silver sparkles on white polish covers two pinky fingernails while her other nails have been polished to match her tank top .
te	NN	"If you look confident , like you 're meant to be there , then nobody asks questions . """
te	NN	The dagger singed a jagged black mark into the leather , and his arm and hair caught fire .
te	NNS	All that matters is that both he and his lap dog are away from the Manor .
te	NNS	The flickering candles cast an orange glow across the room and the shadows were long and deep .
te	NN	A small metal device , planted on the table before him , counted down , reaching its end .
te	NN	His project was coming together nicely .
te	NN	Then another soldier who waved for the other to be quiet moved forward as best he could on his restless horse .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , my powers are just starting and I have no control over them or any way home on my own until I master them .
te	NNS	Already on the front lawn were dishes , end tables , chairs , a TV , linens , and their kitchen trashcan .
te	NNS	Voices cracked and sputtered from the car radio , and red dots of light zipped back and forth on the scanner mounted under the dash .
te	NN	An alarm started to sound .
te	NNS	Water droplets hung in the air .
te	NN	At first , only a small speck of light appeared , but it soon turned into a cyclone of bright yellow lights swirling in all directions .
te	NN	The lumps on his head throbbed .
te	NNS	Footsteps pound the sand behind her , approaching quickly .
te	NN	Susan 's high pitched humming echoed in her ears .
te	NN	His final plea hit the mark .
te	NN	""" Nobody else seems to know about it , so I 'm curious ."
te	NN	"The doorbell rang , "" Speak of the devil "" ."
te	NN	""" A bow and arrow , "" somebody yelled ."
te	NNS	Eve 's brows rose .
te	NN	Straight ahead , and just outside the cemetery , rose a sheer perpendicular cliff at whose base an immense and forbidding cavern yawned .
te	NN	""" Nobody drank a thing . """
te	NN	A small , tight frown pulled her features .
te	NN	Her dagger stabbed the place where he had been standing .
te	NN	A bell was tolling .
te	NNS	With his free hand , the very tips of his fingers touched her back .
te	NN	A soil expert , he replied .
te	NNS	The branches had burnt off and only a smoking stump leaned towards the kids .
te	NN	Wind sighed through leaves and the curls of Meredith 's hair .
te	NN	Custody paperwork would be a separate matter altogether .
te	NN	His head swam and his vision was full of blotches .
te	NN	""" Your advice to use the Sinaloa Federation drug operations as a scapegoat has proven most useful . """
te	NN	An elaborately decorated hat rested on the carved wooden side table and she twisted the strings of a matching reticule in her lap .
te	NNS	Those fibers will muck up her natural pacemaker , stop her heart and that will be that .
te	NNS	Dolores slowly shook her head .
te	NN	During the ensuing evening their dancing became progressively more compressed .
te	NNS	"Tom 's brows furrowed and he said , "" Maybe they made a mistake ."
te	NNS	Clouds have swept in and thunder crashes .
te	NN	A large bronze horn lay across his knees .
te	NNS	Some symbols were stranger than others .
te	NNS	His dark brows are lifting into his hairline .
te	NNS	Her short nails dug into her skin .
te	NN	The nurse shakes her head as I lead the way to the elevator .
te	NNS	She rose into a crouching position and ran , her trainers gripping well on the smooth slates , to the edge of the roof .
te	NNS	"Those socks , "" he went on , pointing a stiff finger in the direction of the golfer , "" are not regulation colour ."
te	NN	"Really his intelligence is quite average . """
te	NN	' What did your mum say when you phoned ? '
te	NNS	Immediately behind it , three other vehicles pulled out , following closely .
te	NNS	Thirty helicopters , a thousand uniformed men , one hundred public officials , and an outreach of citizens so overwhelming they had to start turning people away .
te	NNS	Their wrinkled brows at the sight of me was almost comical .
te	NN	The leak , at least by the techniques we use , is heavily dependent on the density of matter already present in this Universe .
te	NNS	There were a few smaller buildings closer to the house as well that he could use .
te	NN	A nice tidbit she should have told him during their walk upstairs .
te	NNS	In another room not far away , the tablet holders and others sat behind a table while Mac stood in front of them .
te	NN	A lump forms in my throat and I push my feelings aside for the time being .
te	NNS	There are lots of hills and mounds , and steam spurts out of the ground in many places .
te	NN	"That hero medal 's so cool . """
te	NN	A sudden chill iced her insides .
te	NN	""" Everybody has now died in it , but the monster ."
te	NN	* * * The shuttle soared .
te	NNS	But at night the mists fell like a deep cloud .
te	NNS	A couple arrows hit soft flesh but not enough to make a difference .
te	NNS	"Thousands of men , women , and children joined us . """
te	NN	The brush with death had energized the man from Georgia and he pushed his assault on Pierce with more fervour than before .
te	NN	A diaphanous sensation of reality seeped through his awareness .
te	NNS	Their senses would be a little duller , their hearing less acute .
te	NNS	If we charge full price then with the lower priced materials our profits will triple overnight !
te	NNS	The paths you 'll follow will be steep and narrow , but if sheep can make it to the top , so can your men . '
te	NNS	"The branches are freshly cut . """
te	NN	A large blackened crater opened a few yards away .
te	NN	Jonesy wasn 't happy and stormed out , not waiting for VIN , who ordered a favorite of his , a chocolate milkshake .
te	NNS	Gaius deliberately smoothed his expression to a bland mask .
te	NNS	The truly dangerous talents really excelled when it came to learning those lessons .
te	NN	Any reminder of his past was distressing to her , especially that one .
te	NNS	Lukas pressed a hot , lingering kiss to her bare shoulder , then moved away to shut the door .
te	NN	What if destiny doesn 't lead us to him ?
te	NN	A slow tide of heat climbed her neck and she looked away , willing herself not to give in to the silly grin trying to break free .
te	NNS	Tomas the balding hit man already had his piece out , silenced .
te	NN	""" Explosion expert is not on my list of talents . """
te	NN	"I swear to you , nobody saw ! """
te	NN	There was a collective gasp when the players showed off their wounds .
te	NNS	All the students were waiting for them , including Tristan and Simon .
te	NN	The sensation has me climbing again , and I 'm needy with want .
te	NNS	The kidnappers likely only wanted money .
te	NN	The space cruiser he was travelling in had numerous halls such as this one , each with a vast capacity .
te	NN	A ghost of a smile passes over his lips .
te	NNS	There are no inheritance taxes , either .
te	NN	The effect was instant .
te	NNS	Us adults made our plates and settled down at the table .
te	NN	There was no guarantee my experience would let me survive , but if I stayed , I 'd die .
te	NN	The sarcasm is hard to miss .
te	NNS	"The dishes aren 't mine either . """
te	NN	A flicker of challenge crossed over his face .
te	NNS	The adults exchanged another secret smile .
te	NN	His Lordship doesn 't want to see grey socks .
te	NN	The atmosphere was very still as the car wound its way through the tiny roads , back towards the motorway .
te	NN	Claire 's walkie-talkie clicked a moment later -- no voice message , just the quiet electronic signal .
te	NNS	His tires ground on the gravel at the side of the road as he turned around .
te	NNS	These damp mornings are playing havoc with my spark plugs .
te	NN	""" Could a fake passport get you into Israel ?"
te	NN	This glare was only for an instant .
te	NN	""" Nobody ever questioned the interest ? """
te	NN	His last host killed herself ?
te	NN	""" Hey , the Section doesn 't control me . """
te	NNS	There are always exceptions .
te	NN	the nurse beside him asked .
te	NNS	Ares threw out his arm , and several things happened within a matter of seconds .
te	NN	"The algorithmic architecture of this Imperial system is ... "" "" Speak Common to me , Priya ."
te	NNS	"Those passes are ideal for ambushes . """
te	NN	The potion we 'd drunken must have been enough to erase only the memory of today , which is why I could still remember last night .
te	NNS	""" Those assholes love a challenge . """
te	NNS	Fortunately , most would-be criminals failed the aptitude tests and background checks necessary for the job .
te	NN	Beyond it , the ocean sparkled in the sun and gentle waves lapped against the shore .
te	NN	That he was forced to carry , and possibly use , such an instrument was insulting .
te	NNS	Ares shakes his head , his focus still locked on Cyrus .
te	NN	Just as I 'm about to put the box away , a deafening buzz shakes the whole room and I jump involuntarily .
te	NNS	Strange splinter groups from around the world planned disruptions and it had been a tense time with specialist police units on high alert .
te	NN	Every member of the Council took a step forward , as did Stefan and Drake .
te	NNS	The clouds seemed to be reaching down , as if they wanted to touch Teleport 's one hundred foot tall mast .
te	NNS	There were no family albums , no screen savers , no frames the mantel .
te	NNS	Was he timing her ?
te	NN	Silence filled the crowded chamber .
te	NNS	There are no demons here .
te	NNS	Bright flashes of sunlight appeared in the darkness , caressing her eyelids .
te	NNS	"My dad breathes out a long breath then says , "" You are respecting my daughter , right ? """
te	NNS	Once again , if it could open , the intruders opened it .
te	NNS	""" Very long odds of that , "" Ethan remarked ."
te	NNS	More rocks came raining down ; the cavern was filling with a gray , choking dust .
te	NNS	Then there was lots of dusting .
te	NNS	With my small arms , I hugged her , our hearts pounding against each other rhythmically .
te	NNS	Sure enough , several large brown rodents were toiling away over hot stoves .
te	NNS	For at least ten years , observers had been predicting that genetic engineering , computer programming , and nanotechnology would eventually merge .
te	NN	The musty inside was a stark contrast to the woodsy loveliness of outdoors .
te	NN	Our bubble had burst and I really felt like this was the beginning of the end .
te	NNS	The superbly trained animals shifted nervously , but quietly .
te	NN	The coach walked toward her , smiling hesitantly .
te	NN	The crack and snap of a game of pool reverberated from the back corner .
te	NN	Rage surged within Noah , but he held tight to his control .
te	NNS	All the speakers sounded fantastic .
te	NNS	The emergency crews began to shout and back away .
te	NNS	Carved animal figurines hung on a string beneath an overhanging shelf , on which were displayed a collection of colorful stones .
te	NN	The hum of the engine sputtered .
te	NNS	Iris fell in at her side on the way back to the train station , and Rose and Jake walked after them , side by side .
te	NN	""" The truce ended the moment you accused my dad of murder . """
te	NNS	His bottom lip curls upwards , and his forehead wrinkles .
te	NNS	Demons never played fair ; they didn 't see the point .
te	NN	Alice 's slight frown turned into a smile .
te	NNS	Blissful unconsciousness became foggy awareness which transitioned into painful reality .
te	NN	The stew was delicious and reminded me of how long it had been since I had eaten a real home-cooked meal .
te	NNS	Most closets are bigger than our tent .
te	NNS	On both levels , individual weapons stations formed a row the length of the window .
te	NN	"There 's a tracking device in the van , so they 'll be able to see where we 're headed . """
te	NNS	Were the photos Naomi was talking about the ones of the girls in Jamaica ?
te	NN	""" And there is no cure for addiction to it ."
te	NN	This thing didn 't call to her the way steel did .
te	NNS	Dolores frowned and then smiled .
te	NNS	The nerves rose up and choked her , strangling the free flow of words she needed as desperately as air .
te	NNS	Jess had represented hope .
te	NNS	"Only potential heirs have the ability to change their hair color . """
te	NN	"It is not a normal ... how do you say , combination of events ... "" "" You mean coincidence . """
te	NNS	The nails on their fingertips glimmered blue in the half-light .
te	NNS	Feral possessiveness slammed him in the gut as he watched his woman smile at his mom and Kara .
te	NN	A frown marred Jack 's face as he twisted a pencil between his fingers .
te	NNS	Then my limbs broke .
te	NN	The clock said it was just a little past six .
te	NNS	The ends of her black hair lifted away from her body and swayed like drunken snakes around her head .
te	NNS	For some , their possessions had accumulated into a cumbersome collection , and they struggled to carry it all .
te	NN	His demeanor shifted from strong and tough , to softer and more sensual .
te	NNS	The magi are one of the lines of the defense .
te	NNS	Several more rounds slice off the pirate 's arms and his legs at the knees .
te	NN	The similarity was obvious .
te	NN	The crew had manned their normal stations and were preparing to pass by the rings of Saturn , at precisely the stroke of midnight .
te	NN	The platform started to move , and it slowly edged me closer and closer to the sudden drop .
te	NNS	In fact , the results of the experiment were disappointing .
te	NNS	Justus held his hand up to the door , not quite knowing what to expect of the person waiting inside .
te	NN	Her ego was rebounding somewhat , but he still had a lot of apologizing to do .
te	NN	His thick shaft nudged her entrance .
te	NN	The young Malik stopped and looked at Altair , squinting as though to check the older man wasn 't joking .
te	NN	There was no remorse in his voice .
te	NNS	The Death 's Head spiders have the ability to not only take life essence from someone .
te	NNS	Most priests don 't take any such vow but are generally expected to live simply .
te	NN	Nobody else would be able to pull it off with the same pizzazz either .
te	NN	The lead soldier glanced back at his men , uncertain .
te	NN	Honor and respect , I used to have that once but now I am alone ; she thought .
te	NN	No hint of colour except in two corners of the room where fish gurgled together in a large turquoise sea of paradise .
te	NN	"The balloon will never hold you ! """
te	NN	But somebody claps before I get the words out .
te	NNS	"Michaels said , "" Look here . ."
te	NNS	Her fingers clenched tightly in her lap , her nails dug into her palms .
te	NNS	There were opportunities that would take time to filter .
te	NN	""" The stripped-down MAV will get up to 12 g 's during the launch ."
te	NN	An alarm goes off .
te	NNS	"There are tons of books on just about every subject . """
te	NN	Her faith in him had never wavered and he owed her that same respect and dedication .
te	NN	There 's a great shout from the direction of the beach , which I find oddly unsettling .
te	NN	Her sleeve , absurdly large and awkward , trailed in a bowl of sauce , but she didn 't care .
te	NN	No amount of coercion could compel him to play the ghastly anthem .
te	NNS	Their allies had grown greatly and terribly thanks to him ... and today , they were ready for it .
te	NN	""" His caution is fading ."
te	NNS	The feathers across face and neck stood on end .
te	NNS	The fragile swords of ferns drooped into the roadway .
te	NNS	Goose bumps trembled across my skin , and bile rose .
te	NNS	There were rumors of a revolt in Romania and how that was the reason the baroness had built the Mansion on Benson Hill .
te	NNS	Brutus pulled her down the foot of the bridge and across the grass to where he sniffed clumps of rock and mud along the bank .
te	NNS	The ' bots folded their guns away .
te	NNS	Abandoned vehicles , flattened fences , and burned-out buildings dominated the landscape .
te	NN	But , out in space , a moderately powerful magician took pity on this poor soul , though it was not usually his habit to do so .
te	NNS	He chuckled , the deep notes bouncing around the car as we took on what I was sure was an infinite amount of potholes .
te	NNS	""" All the scientists do ."
te	NNS	Red clouds passed before her eyes .
te	NNS	Within an hour , our stuffs delivered in our place .
te	NNS	But his old instructors had trained snipers for the battlefield , not for urban crime .
te	NNS	Friends and family lined the halls between the stage door and the dressing rooms .
te	NN	First of all , what is a ghost ?
te	NNS	Thick leather gloves protruded from his pocket .
te	NN	Rolf 's sneer told her that he knew Hector was more than just a friend now .
te	NN	Another parent was asking after their child 's safety .
te	NN	""" I hear he 's the Regent 's special assistant , if you get my meaning , "" another soldier commented ."
te	NN	The waiter hands him the menu .
te	NN	Every sensation concentrated to the sweet juncture where their bodies joined .
te	NNS	The males get to wear blue jeans and cowboy boots to the ball dinner and dance thing .
te	NNS	Several gentlemen of the hunt knew her , and exchanged pleasant greetings .
te	NN	Upon this platform a golden podium glittered dully in the torch light .
te	NN	Anyone else would have done just as well .
te	NNS	Too many centuries had passed , and his home was now gone .
te	NN	""" Does the device function automatically whenever someone comes aboard ? """
te	NNS	""" Our enemies are near . """
te	NN	Soon the echo of clinging swords sound in succession , as steel meets steel , and feet move quickly , trying to outmaneuver the other .
te	NNS	What were the odds that he 'd expose himself to me and I 'd sleep with him anyway ?
te	NNS	His arms and legs lashed out in a choreography of deadly precision , his methods merciless , flawless , as second nature as breathing was to her .
te	NN	Fog rolled through her mind .
te	NNS	Walls and ceiling glowed turquoise under ultraviolet globes floating like small suns at regular intervals .
te	NN	Josh 's celebrity can be a hassle at times , but admittedly it got us a few nice perks .
te	NN	The crew couldn 't help but exchange smiles ; watching in awe , as Pluto passed in front of their windows .
te	NN	A photo of Marcus holding his first published book stood on the mantel .
te	NNS	Helen scanned the page , ran her fingers down the columns for address and occupation .
te	NN	The ghost smoothed down her dress .
te	NN	Still , the beast knocks Rift to the ground , snarling and snapping at the boy 's head while he struggles to push it away .
te	NN	The newspaper followed , landing in a heap on the porch as Jonas got deliberately to his feet .
te	NNS	Demons had no place in a samurai warrior .
te	NN	Panic speared through him as the thimble started to topple .
te	NNS	The city buildings rose up , reaching past where I could see , monsters of gray stone and cement .
te	NN	""" A baseball player . """
te	NNS	Iris was the one who 'd explained that Ali had a secret boyfriend .
te	NNS	At his words a strange coldness invades my body .
te	NN	The drug , prescribed for Pamela 's deficiency , was also the acting agent in Dr. Kevorkian 's death machine .
te	NN	Rain was streaming down the glass .
te	NN	The fury in her eyes told him he 'd struck a chord .
te	NN	Near the edge of the woods , a faint breeze carried a sharp canine reek .
te	NN	"The net is closing in . """
te	NN	The general puts it away and pulls a pair of thumb cuffs from his belt .
te	NNS	Rules had let him kill Chase .
te	NNS	"The machines are breathing for him now . """
te	NN	Anyone could manage that .
te	NN	Then even Ron Gold 's loan wouldn 't save the paper .
te	NNS	Bits of guilt remain , but not as strong .
te	NNS	Not that the woman ever dared hit her , but there were worse things , tasks so unpleasant one would almost prefer a beating .
te	NNS	Small town cons were hard to pull off .
te	NNS	Colorful charts and pictures decorated most of the walls , except for the one where the blackboard hung .
te	NN	The nub hardened beneath her finger , and Josh sipped a little breath of surprise .
te	NN	"The official was quiet for a moment before announcing , "" This land has been claimed for the Scarlet King and you must depart immediately . """
te	NN	""" And the bus takes two and a half hours ? """
te	NN	The effect on the number of wounded was obvious , only giving Riley more incentive to find a way to end the fighting sooner rather than later .
te	NN	But probably the smoking hole .
te	NNS	""" Well , the next time Angus has business in London ... "" "" Yes , yes . """
te	NN	The furious flood of his attackers now approached with the speed of statues .
te	NN	Fortune plucked a pear from a nearby tree and bit into it , the sweetness of it seeming as potent as any wine .
te	NNS	The thick branches of the various plants and trees form thick symbiotic knots around one another .
te	NNS	"You had better go to bed , your wits are sleepy . """
te	NNS	The big cities are empty .
te	NNS	The sharp tips of his claws ghosted by her cheek as he brushed back an errant strand of hair .
te	NNS	It felt like the light was being torn from underneath the skin , muscles pulling , bones snapping .
te	NNS	Then sat down on his haunches for a closer study .
te	NN	""" Where 's this Rob character then ? """
te	NNS	The clouds felt odd and dangerous , like a bad premonition .
te	NN	There was obvious eye candy too .
te	NNS	These red crystals were perfect for her .
te	NNS	A loud , audible gasp and noisy thump stopped her in her tracks .
te	NN	""" A servant reported that supplies were missing ."
te	NNS	Where are the hinges ?
te	NN	Her pointy hat was a stealth version , which looked just like a black straw hat with paper flowers on it until you pressed the secret spring .
te	NN	Such little protection for the women was a grave mistake .
te	NNS	Vampires had no idea that they were marked for extinction .
te	NN	On their patron god 's territory , when she was only fourteen years old , the same ocean that killed her mother .
te	NN	Nobody was really interested in how I felt .
te	NN	That was over an hour ago , since then , nobody had tried to come in or out of the building .
te	NN	""" And a gaming hall too . """
te	NN	The wallpaper was hanging off the walls in tatters .
te	NN	The clock struck thrice .
te	NNS	The stations were mere floating islands of light .
te	NN	For the most part , nobody would ever notice .
te	NN	""" Nay , "" he said flatly , "" our bargain is a long way from met . """
te	NN	The rat on whose tail you stomped moved and blocked the entrance .
te	NN	Sexton 's personal cellphone rang , and he fished in his pocket to grab it .
te	NNS	"Press reports blamed the breakdown of this idea on a misunderstanding over the meaning of the term "" launch pad . """
te	NNS	The deer went down before it even knew what hit it .
te	NNS	Black feathers rain all around me and then everything goes silent .
te	NNS	As he continued to haggle with the representatives aboard the Royal Heavens , its occupants stood nearby .
te	NNS	"The speakers in the cabin crackled and a voice answered , "" Trans Pacific one two one here ."
te	NNS	Several scenarios flashed through my mind , but I didn 't want to share them with him since it would just make things worse .
te	NN	""" Maximus the Third , "" the emperor said ."
te	NN	Were slavery or destruction the only possible routes into the future ?
te	NN	Her lipstick is completely smudged , so that means she must 've snuck off and met with Matt .
te	NN	Until she was old enough , there was a portable crib in there , but that was long since gone .
te	NN	""" The original broke long ago ."
te	NN	The breeze ruffled the long white plumes in his hat .
te	NN	My attacker was convulsing on the cave floor like an epileptic .
te	NNS	The green and rolling fields of Idris and its endless blue sky , pierced by the towers of the Glass City .
te	NNS	No fires burned during the day .
te	NNS	Atop the tables were delicate trays with carefully arranged food .
te	NNS	""" Herding cows really can be dangerous ."
te	NN	The temperature is starting to cool off , and the night air is clean and crisp .
te	NNS	Michaels passed through without so much as a glance from the guard .
te	NN	The driveway belonged to Winsor Presbyterian , a local church close to her house .
te	NN	A short leash , also covered in red sequins , dangled from her hand .
te	NNS	Milan 's ancient buildings and twinkling city lights were waiting just outside the sliding doors .
te	NNS	No monkeys stirred as they crossed the mosaic , though they still had to tread carefully on the stairs .
te	NNS	The many folds of a dream , like threads in a bowstring .
te	NNS	Only her trainers had ever seen her fighting skills , and they had never praised her like this - like it really mattered .
te	NN	When men came back with the first of the bodies , there was frenzy in the village .
te	NNS	""" Humans are a lot of trouble , aren 't they ? """
te	NN	Behind her , the ocean was the pale blue of an aquamarine .
te	NNS	There were magazines and newspapers everywhere .
te	NN	With a mighty pull the leather strap holding his right arm snapped .
te	NNS	The investigative and courtroom procedures in my stories are religiously unerring .
te	NNS	"What matters is how I feel , and I know where I 'm happiest , and who I 'm happiest with . """
te	NNS	The man 's senses had now become acutely aware of his plight and captivity .
te	NNS	Heads started to turn , the screams attracting the attention of the other vampires .
te	NN	More elegant dining took place inside , but the pavement was crowded with diners interested in a less formal meal .
te	NN	The sudden chill in the air jolted him back to the present .
te	NNS	""" From our way of looking at things , societies dominated by men are the unusual ones ."
te	NN	The moaning was coming from in there , and the door was slightly ajar .
te	NNS	Pretty blue beams lit up the night .
te	NNS	His wings popped from the slits in his back , black gossamer that ripped away the remaining tatters of his shirt and expanded across the entire cell .
te	NN	""" The jerk at table six left this and I don 't want it . """
te	NNS	""" But now the computers were not functioning ? """
te	NNS	Just as some Humans are bad .
te	NNS	In front of the gatehouse are two stone posts , topped with lions ' heads .
te	NNS	Our spirits in fact , for we are immortal , though we do not yet realize it .
te	NN	asked the girl , her eyes narrowing dangerously .
te	NN	The tile was now the same dark grey of the concrete walls in utility spaces , where it had once been a speckled cream color .
te	NNS	All the television channels were full of the news of his disgrace .
te	NN	The advice I shared does benefit me as well .
te	NN	And what a jovial affair that was .
te	NNS	These individuals are evil .
te	NN	""" Severe blunt trauma , several particularly nasty abrasions , two severely bruised ribs , sprained wrist ... that about covers it ."
te	NN	A gentle , soft breeze lifted my hair around me in a careful way as if it was the one trying to wake me .
te	NN	Anyone that looked at Anna saw it , knew it , and treated her differently .
te	NN	""" Heard the doc was gon na drop by again today . """
te	NN	The patrol was walking in their direction .
te	NNS	His fingers were short and stubby , the nails well trimmed .
te	NNS	The spectacular wings of his eyebrows snapped together .
te	NN	The nurse stopped just feet from the door .
te	NNS	At that moment , the deer suddenly cuts hard left into some thick brush , avoiding the swipe , and the tiger screeches to a halt .
te	NN	' What time is the inspection ? '
te	NNS	Clean towels are under the sink .
te	NN	His thigh came up and pressed between her own .
te	NN	Everybody was talking about Mary Jane Mayfair .
te	NN	"Furthermore , you arrogant hypocrite , your forgiveness is the last thing I care about . """
te	NNS	The given , sure quantities were Axel Stern and Jesse Bent .
te	NNS	A hundred magi 's powers will have to suffice .
te	NNS	"If one team is compromised , the other teams will still be able to achieve their objectives . """
te	NNS	All stations had individuals in white lab smocks standing guard .
te	NN	""" Direct meaning please . """
te	NN	There was another pickup , equally shiny , parked about twenty feet away from Jason 's .
te	NNS	The machines inside beeped , buzzed , breathed , and pumped in rhythmic harmony .
te	NNS	There were large fairway bunkers on either side of the fairway about 240 yards .
te	NNS	Cyrus sits beside him , leaning against a tree to support himself , and he too is making flower chains .
te	NN	""" No destination in mind , "" she said , forcing a smile ."
te	NN	"Nobody messed with my dad 's car . """
te	NN	The fae moved her arms and body as gracefully as the wind through the branches of a tree .
te	NNS	A humorless laugh escaped his mouth and all I could do was stand mute , my heart breaking .
te	NN	When all was said and done , the enormity of her death struck Lynette like a freight train .
te	NNS	Heroes may always win in those stupid stories , but this time the hero isn 't going to win .
te	NNS	His dimples flashed at her as he smiled charmingly , and she forgot why she felt angry .
te	NNS	The students look at each other in disbelief .
te	NNS	Tess whimpered , pushing into his questing finger even as he could feel her shivering with a mixture of fear and anticipation .
te	NNS	Even the tacos looked halfway edible , but still I picked at my fingernails and shifted around on the couch .
te	NN	A chill settled deep into her veins .
te	NN	""" The eagle flies high above the clouds which , at night , hide the moon and the stars from sight ."
te	NN	A chill snaked down my back .
te	NNS	Beside the sheets lay a manila envelope .
te	NNS	Studies done over the past few years have revealed surprising anomalies deep under the ice .
te	NN	The jungle is a dense and claustrophobic place to be in .
te	NN	A towering cylinder of stone sat in the center of the cave .
te	NNS	There are dozens of them down there , swarming .
te	NNS	The hospital grounds were quiet when we took our leave to Ken 's secret parking place , where he hid the SUV in a remote field .
te	NNS	The sins grew , one piling on top of the other until my shoulders began to sag .
te	NNS	There were three bedrooms .
te	NN	The healers ' tent would be , as always , the most popular .
te	NN	' Nobody but father can touch the Orb . '
te	NNS	Voices never entered her dreams .
te	NNS	To his relief , the cattle soon grazed their way out of sight again .
te	NN	An old clock atop a cabinet in the living room began striking twelve .
te	NN	The penetrating beams of sunlight tormented my aching head , but also brought me into realization .
te	NN	James 's ideal crossbow had cocking and latching action that was dependable , quiet , and smooth .
te	NN	The hovercraft resembled the cabin of an airplane , except the seats extended horizontally instead of vertically .
te	NN	The object was hard and smooth and curved into a tight semi-circle .
te	NNS	The rumors could be true -- a royal heir might have survived .
te	NN	Standing in the clearing , as promised , was Adonis .
te	NN	Following the usual brief sensation of floating in white space , the fleet appears above a world with a slightly purplish glow .
te	NN	The wind 's howling was now a soft purr , and he felt warmth returning to the air .
te	NN	His countenance , always forbidding and dark , had settled into one of stone .
te	NNS	"Your subjects shall feed an army that shall devour the races of the worlds . """
te	NN	For some reason , the new security alarm on the gate didn 't work .
te	NNS	Many students had travelled the short distance to Raleigh in car pools and at least two chartered busses to attend the tournament finals .
te	NN	Finally the bus arrived and they were whisked back into town .
te	NNS	Cushioned in a thick , dark towel , dozens of small vials rolled around harmlessly as I pulled the drawer out as far as I could .
te	NNS	The merchants were slowly coming to life .
te	NN	A throne of gold was place at the center of the hall , resting over the raised podium in between two pillars .
te	NN	But actually damaging my property ?
te	NN	"One cop isn 't going to take down this crowd . """
te	NN	The cop sounded irritated .
te	NN	That ancient artist may have etched this valley in gold for no other reason than that it appealed to him .
te	NNS	""" This ... thorn in my side will be no different . """
te	NN	There 's another orchid , this one a lurid magenta , like someone had colored it in with a marker .
te	NN	There 's steel in her eyes again , and she shakes her head .
te	NNS	The notes were my only way of proving that I wasn 't a hundred percent insane .
te	NNS	There are humans who hunt us , who seek to murder us , There are scientists who would take us apart in a laboratory .
te	NNS	""" My sisters and I weren 't close ."
te	NNS	Old habits , peacefully done . '
te	NNS	And though she didn 't think it possible , his dimples became more pronounced , making it blasted hard not to smile back .
te	NN	My genie had outdone herself today .
te	NN	The walkie-talkie crackled again .
te	NNS	The sea woman 's swimming webs were as smooth and fine as China silk .
te	NNS	"Evil spirits cannot enter an inhabited house unless invited ! """
te	NNS	""" Where are your bunks ? """
te	NNS	Five adults , as if he was going to be able to make that much of a difference .
te	NN	A further scan of the hall revealed nothing else of note , and I headed back toward the stairwell .
te	NNS	There were no nightmares .
te	NN	"And that homework had better get finished . """
te	NNS	Once I 'm placed back in my cell the door swings closed with a short , abrupt clunk .
te	NNS	Liz jerked her head toward him , her brows slid together .
te	NN	The floorboard of the pontoon boat was a disgusting mess with brown , wet clay from the bottom of the lake muddying up the waterproof carpeting .
te	NN	With Morgan , there was no drama and fighting and tears .
te	NN	""" Yeah , our little sweet pea must know there 's a party . """
te	NN	""" The digger sir ."
te	NNS	""" Your sisters finished packing for you ."
te	NN	The school bell rang alas , and though Mrs. Friedman didn 't hear it , she felt its distinct vibrations on her desk .
te	NN	The feeding of the poor had never been an easy task , but this time it was worse than ever .
te	NN	""" This particular stretch didn 't seem busy when we came through ."
te	NNS	"All units converge . """
te	NNS	The top-notch engines whispered a seductive tune , mingling with the blast of wind gusting through the cargo door cranking open .
te	NN	""" No sign of an injury , you 'll notice , "" the mirror ghost said ."
te	NNS	Ones that , frankly , never presented themselves during a short-lived , three-month study stint in Laos . )
te	NN	Rain had stopped abruptly , with no pattering of a few stray drops to mark a storm 's passing .
te	NNS	Zeus just nodded and stood .
te	NN	The taxi stopped , the driver got his money and they both got out .
te	NNS	When I reach the staircase my limbs feel like liquid instead of a solid mass .
te	NNS	There are always fires .
te	NN	The load hardly stressed the ship 's engines .
te	NN	The security crew let Connor in without protest .
te	NNS	The beetles will adapt .
te	NN	There were only a tiny sandwich and a yogurt drink on Acacia 's plate .
te	NN	Her dedicated defender shook with a crash as they slammed through a series of walls and bounced roughly off a few floors .
te	NN	Everybody called him by his first name , and that was good .
te	NNS	There were three stacks of them , ten or more boxes , on the table .
te	NNS	Yes , indeed , the vultures were out in full force .
te	NNS	There were no ridiculous conditions when you took my money and no qualms about spending it immediately .
te	NNS	A second later and the other two vehicles pulled up beside me .
te	NNS	""" Those prophecies state an abundance of Hybrid births ."
te	NNS	""" Ghosts and spirits , "" Mat muttered , turning Pips ."
te	NN	""" What was your inspiration , darling ? """
te	NN	""" My pride , my heart , my unborn child , my - "" Mil held up her hand and rolled her eyes ."
te	NN	Nick 's frown disappeared as his father walked over to the hallway closet and pulled out a wrapped present .
te	NN	""" But the killer doesn 't have to be an investor ."
te	NN	The carnival covered it all , from the backstop to the outfield fence .
te	NNS	The priestess you were waiting for was me ?
te	NNS	""" There are fresh linens , and the furs have been aired . """
te	NN	""" She wasn 't getting it , the university was ."
te	NN	"Even his own kin cannot know half so much , the rest of our comrades , even less so . """
te	NN	""" My patience wears thin , woman ."
te	NN	""" Yeah , coach said he won 't be putting Farley in after all ."
te	NN	But the restrained rate was little more than a tease to him ; he longed to really get his blood pumping .
te	NN	My skull felt like it was about to explode .
te	NNS	Walls seemed to close in .
te	NNS	There were three more desks in the hall .
te	NNS	Yes , sometimes demons really were like whiny human children .
te	NNS	""" Well your vitals are looking good ."
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth were tight .
te	NNS	Clary 's nerves were singing with a sudden tension that she didn 't think was from the caffeine .
te	NNS	Candles were on the walls , tables , and hanging from the ceiling in chandeliers .
te	NN	And one ghost member that hardly anyone sees , that would be Vicar Rosary who is the head of the Council .
te	NN	The crypt was a forgotten , lonely monument , housing a dismal shape of clay , impotent , discarded .
te	NN	Then the android turned to leave .
te	NN	Rage flamed inside him at the insult .
te	NN	But Rush and his wife , Blaire , are here .
te	NNS	Jess joked as she playfully slapped Ash on the shoulder and broke our gaze at one another .
te	NN	Her frown deepened while she gazed at the last entry in the diary .
te	NN	""" Your aunt didn 't tell you there was a way out , did she ? """
te	NN	Although the girl possessed a certain innate ability , her appalling manners and fierce opposition to instruction of any kind was proving difficult indeed .
te	NNS	My insides clenched as warmth flooded between my legs at his words .
te	NNS	The adults ordered coffee and since a half dozen plain doughnuts happened to be on special , they had two plain ones each .
te	NN	The prosecution had subpoenaed him .
te	NN	His file is clean and unremarkable except for one handwritten comment , which reads , ' Selected . '
te	NN	A connected gaze that lasted a moment longer than necessary , but alas , there was nothing so romantic as that .
te	NNS	There were towels strewn about the floor , clothing , maps , receipts , and newspapers on every surface .
te	NNS	Visions of melting air forced their way to the front of my mind .
te	NN	The screams grew louder .
te	NNS	But the results were the same .
te	NNS	Jess twisted on the marble half-moon bench upon which she sat and placed her needlepoint carefully in the bag beside her .
te	NNS	"Once in awhile our departments work together , but we haven 't designed a new species of cat in quite a few years . """
te	NNS	The demons might be faster and have more advanced technology , but we had our guts , guns , and brains .
te	NN	A claw strikes his head and slices half his face away .
te	NN	As the ground broke and crunched beneath their feet , a dull hum began in their ears .
te	NN	Urgency filled her , frenzy overtook her .
te	NN	She could not look at him as she drew the edges of her shirt up , felt the cool shift of air over her suddenly bare skin .
te	NN	That hum turned to a full-on roar .
te	NN	Ahead of me , there was a sudden yelp of alarm , followed by the sound of something heavy hitting water .
te	NN	""" The self , "" she said ."
te	NNS	Swords flashed in the predawn light as nearly two dozen men fought off the attack .
te	NNS	The mice did their best with I 'm Forever Blowing Bubbles but it was easy to see that their minds weren 't on it .
te	NN	The full effect of the damage she 'd just done coursed through my body .
te	NN	The sandwich seemed to compact inside her stomach , becoming a lead ball .
te	NNS	Boys , as Anita would say .
te	NNS	Unfortunately , after a very short time the previously sneaky attacks became not only more frequent but more ferocious .
te	NN	A chime sounded overhead , and all of the cabin lights flickered to life .
te	NN	A pastel Easter egg quilt her grandmother had made would cover the table , as she wanted to have subtle colors .
te	NN	I smiled faintly and agreed , glad I hadn 't been in the library to witness the fuss when she had entered .
te	NNS	The results were the same .
te	NN	The Tiger Man , still awake , regarded her with groggy eyes .
te	NNS	""" Humans wear metal on their feet to glide over ice ."
te	NNS	And against that side of the tent beyond the table , two short , square chests with latticework doors and brass latches .
te	NN	A harsh crack made it sound like his back broke , which forced a squeal through my lips .
te	NN	Her eyes seemed to lock with his , eyes an impossibly bright shade of blue .
te	NNS	All the teams lined up in their designated boxes .
te	NNS	Her nails dug into the covers .
te	NNS	There were no interruptions as I spoke , and no questions when I was done .
te	NN	And once the wall of silence had gone up around the incident , nobody spoke of it again .
te	NNS	Jennings stood up , stretching his back , thinking about breakfast and a shower , not that the water ever got cold .
te	NNS	"And special demons target those same individuals in special ways . """
te	NNS	Clouds of dirt continued to spiral around the camera .
te	NNS	"All goodbyes do . """
te	NNS	Beautifully colored tents littered the wide expanse of grass .
te	NN	""" My grandfather and I followed McGee the other night ."
te	NNS	Emily stepped back , her limbs suddenly stone .
te	NN	There was a muffled clanking and rustling and the occasional croak .
te	NN	A chill came over him .
te	NNS	His lower limbs changed as he crossed the mosaic floor , turning from hindquarters to legs .
te	NN	' And not a wrap or a blanket , ' said Merry .
te	NN	But the enormity of the action affected her deeply .
te	NNS	The rocks would bounce around inside , but Susi 's position kept her safe from being hit .
te	NN	My patience just all out fled when that phone lit up again .
te	NN	The principle was straightforward -- eat when you 're hungry , eat what you want , stop when you 're full .
te	NNS	Her slate orbs danced in the white moonlight .
te	NNS	Pris narrowed her eyes at him before turning to look at the road again .
te	NNS	Footsteps above her startled her into jerking out of his embrace .
te	NN	The photo of Faith 's daughter , Jay Lynn , had received the same treatment .
te	NNS	""" Her alibi would have been the book signing ."
te	NNS	Except the secretaries always make the copies , and what the hell was he doing on the fourth floor at three A.M. running two thousand copies ?
te	NN	But I 've been over to city hall , nobody 's there .
te	NNS	The corners of his mouth twitched up right as his eyelids started to ... bat .
te	NN	The clock said it was just after 4 A.M. , which meant he was on the other side of the world .
te	NN	To the left of the pictures was a print out article of Columbine .
te	NN	""" The heck you don 't know ."
te	NNS	Voices drifted from the doorway , breaking Miranda from her sleep .
te	NNS	And right now , with all that was going on , seeming invisible sounded good .
te	NN	""" A giant cliff that falls off into nowhere ."
te	NN	The effect was anything but erotic because , as always , the event was overwhelmed by the process of filming it .
te	NNS	Our mobile units have repulsed the attack .
te	NN	The kiss lingered and her heart began to set up its own demanding racket .
te	NNS	"Or the ticket counters can store them on a card . """
te	NNS	Religious groups hunted them because they looked terrifying to them .
te	NNS	""" The evenings are still a bit chilly this time of year . """
te	NNS	His sisters drove over an hour to get home for family dinner .
te	NN	The kaleidoscope in Fallon 's head was starting to produce more than tantalizing glimpses .
te	NN	Their economy was all mines and factories , and all their equipment is just dead .
te	NN	The bead dropped into the body and began to stretch out , reaching for the heart .
te	NNS	The first two periods , English and Math were nothing but talking .
te	NN	""" An apt simile . """
te	NNS	Rocks and dust fall with every step they take .
te	NN	""" I 'll use my newest strings , "" said a third musician , looking ruefully at the broken string on his violin ."
te	NNS	The branches of the eucalyptus tree sway and swish before me .
te	NN	The secretarial lobby was dimly lit .
te	NN	There was a half-finished protection Mark on one of the logs Sebastian had nailed over the broken window .
te	NNS	Shadows flowed over the side of his face , throwing his masculine features into harsh relief .
te	NNS	""" My private affairs are my own business , Marianne . """
te	NN	Her next column came out the same evening and referred to tough pessimistic reporters who took themselves much too seriously .
te	NNS	"The tools of our own destruction available for twenty credits each to the discerning shopper . """
te	NN	Neil 's intention was to blend in as long as he could , so he opted to skip the tradition .
te	NN	The journalist grabs the girl and runs out of the house .
te	NNS	Michaels lifted his fists almost as though he were ready to accept the challenge .
te	NN	There was nobody there to stop me , nobody there to tell me what to do .
te	NNS	"Emotions are going to be running pretty high as it is . """
te	NN	The flag dropped and Lok went to work , blades flying , fighting his opponent .
te	NNS	Wherever she was , there were lots of people engaged in lots of conversations .
te	NNS	Zeus thought he recognized it and he tried to squirm out .
te	NN	In my chest , my alignment with ambition surges .
te	NNS	His spirits were much too high to consider formality .
te	NN	The beast within roared and clawed for release .
te	NNS	The alarms sounded and guards were running about emptying the museum of visitors .
te	NN	A black column , like the negative of lightning , flashed up from the ground and disappeared into the clouds .
te	NNS	Tess was now behind me and her hand grabbed hold of my wrist .
te	NNS	"And three shades of rust is hardly a paint job . """
te	NN	A flicker of fear replaced the anger in Paris 's eyes .
te	NNS	A few weeds had infiltrated one of the garden boxes Gabe had built up off the ground .
te	NNS	The stun guns didn 't seem to be working .
te	NNS	Lies demanded constant attention to prevent going against previous statements and it was safer that way .
te	NN	A circular driveway paved with AB rock greeted visitors .
te	NN	His grandfather winked at him and he winked back .
te	NNS	Tallis shot up and grabbed a bottle of water before tossing it to her .
te	NN	""" A valuable instrument like that ? """
te	NN	You see , no hero appeared after my friends plunged off the falls .
te	NN	A kaleidoscope of images whirled in her mind .
te	NN	The seriousness of his tone of voice made Ben look up straight away .
te	NN	""" Either fisherman have started wearing formal wear to pull trout out of the river , or you 've got company . """
te	NN	His desperation made me giggle a bit , as if I 'd ever tell him no .
te	NNS	""" Oh , my heavens , "" she said , breathless ."
te	NN	""" Only because I phoned him and demanded to know what the heck had happened the night before ."
te	NNS	""" There 's lots of smoke ."
te	NN	She looked unusually pale , a worried frown creased her forehead and her eyes bored into his .
te	NNS	Hopefully , our paths will realign soon .
te	NNS	There were a few articles of clothing he hadn 't hung up , but no dust , no dirt and everything smelled fresh .
te	NNS	Len 's brows furrowed .
te	NN	And besides , the season 's over .
te	NN	My cousin has been here before , and everything turned out fine .
te	NN	Panic set in the instant they held him there as his old memories surged through him .
te	NNS	The coldness of the red pain lingered in her thoughts as she walked quietly back to her hut .
te	NNS	Their bones lay scattered over the ground , a reminder that death comes to all creatures , great , or small .
te	NN	Silence reigned as they left town , unbroken until she turned into the parking lot of the auction house .
te	NN	Her foggy nightmare wouldn 't let her go .
te	NN	The wagon hit a rock .
te	NN	The alley was much neater than most as they were in the high traffic area of Avalon .
te	NN	The day shift left en masse .
te	NNS	But families have each other 's backs .
te	NNS	And in her experience , groups of friends like that just didn 't open up to include underage , undersized geeks like her .
te	NNS	""" Where are the fire trucks ? """
te	NNS	""" Yes , as cows are clever enough to eat the hay we provide for them ."
te	NN	There was a hint of warmth in Daemon 's reluctant smile .
te	NNS	Her limbs wouldn 't work .
te	NN	The device stood at over three metres tall , dominating the ground that surrounded it .
te	NN	A hard thump shook me and everything went black .
te	NN	Can somebody stay the night ?
te	NNS	His hair blows across his face as the wind weaves through the strands .
te	NN	A rung snapped under her weight .
te	NN	Rage was the pain .
te	NNS	""" There are dragons , knights , trolls , elves , all sorts of imagined beings like that . """
te	NNS	The scents of the area came quickly , my brain categorizing them efficiently .
te	NN	Except 4 raging fungus , all good .
te	NNS	Hanna 's insides melted .
te	NN	Mandi 's cocky confidence suddenly made her feel a bit awkward and thankfully Marshall came up and saved her .
te	NN	There 's your landlady , of course .
te	NNS	Angus commanded with his dark , round , beady eyes reflecting the flames Eve expelled from the trident .
te	NNS	All parties accounted for push their selves as low to the floor as their individual frames allow .
te	NN	A shout rang from above .
te	NN	Suddenly Bo 's charming exterior took on a different shading .
te	NN	The old bull didn 't take the bait .
te	NNS	An undeniable tiredness swept over him , quieting his thoughts of panic at his predicament , bidding him a good night 's sleep .
te	NNS	The five Ghosts in white robes continued to stand pointing toward the moving illusion .
te	NN	This custom intrigued her .
te	NNS	"Six altogether , four of them linked directly with red , including the most likely candidate for Ambience . """
te	NNS	There are little sensors under each barrel and bottle that detect when it 's about to run out and send the order through .
te	NN	I don 't really know , ' said the Duck Man .
te	NN	The flap closed before Logan could witness their guilty faces .
te	NN	The rhythm of his body changed , grew more urgent , and it was too much .
te	NN	There was a rasp of paper on stone , and an envelope slid under my door , one corner poking out .
te	NNS	Dark , gnarled wings protruded from his back .
te	NN	The transfixed glare of men and women bathed her in adoration .
te	NN	Her aunt might as well have shot a steel pipe into her backbone .
te	NNS	Zeus saw for the first time that its feet never touched the floor .
te	NNS	The results had been spectacular failures for both of them .
te	NN	The wagon was now close enough for him to make out Liz seated on the seat beside Becky .
te	NNS	Her insides clenched with the fear that he would say no .
te	NN	The Iron prince looked fine when I first came in .
te	NN	Fucking whiskey making me reminisce about things that did no good .
te	NNS	Zeus put his drink down and walked over to the table .
te	NN	Nobody has ever done that to me before .
te	NN	My blood temperature was rising as pleasure pricked at my belly .
te	NNS	Enormous stone pillars held up a shadowed roof , illuminated by the light of a row of burning candelabras .
