tr	5	""" Well , I don 't know ."
tr	6	We look at each other .
tr	11	Now we got latte stands but no one to defend them .
tr	9	Simon looked around unsure as to the meaning of the latest instruction .
tr	8	He couldn 't think of a thing , but wondered how his hair looked .
tr	7	""" Let 's drink , "" he shouted with a smile , raising his glass ."
tr	5	""" Our bathroom floor , our bathroom countertop , our kitchen , our mantel . """
tr	9	Mirai still struggled to no effect -- somehow the mysterious letters managed to seal even her breath .
tr	8	She let her arms fall back to her sides .
tr	10	As the other Officers congratulated Flaherty , Destro turned to follow Captain Nirvana from the room .
tr	11	The WTR army had left a strong guard force , definitely wanting to secure their way home .
tr	9	""" Did you think I wouldn 't find you ? """
tr	8	""" A lot of consoles need to be moved ."
tr	10	""" Just come as you are Jennie it 's just a gun club . """
tr	11	When he reached the cave , he found the door had been left open .
tr	9	Nate was the first to look up .
tr	10	Wait awhile before you come out to play .
tr	7	""" Less than ten , Sir . """
tr	11	"Are you willing to do that ? """
tr	7	This feud is none of our business .
tr	9	Dan vowed to keep trying .
tr	8	The key slowly turned in the lock and the door opened .
tr	7	"She unfolded the paper and on it was written "" Betty "" and a phone number ."
tr	8	But if there were four then six , they should never be discounted .
tr	7	""" I 'm talking to one now . """
tr	6	""" Well , not exactly a person , "" the detective said , and Cassandra and I exchanged glances ."
tr	9	You don 't think , you just act and hope it was the best thing .
tr	9	She emitted a soft growl , received one back from the bear .
tr	10	"It 's not every day you get front row seating at the gun show . """
tr	10	His head was cocked to one side , expressionless , motionless -- neck broken .
tr	11	Some begged while others tried to sell various wares .
tr	5	Soldiers screamed , glass shattered , rifles blasted , flames writhed , and smoke choked .
tr	11	"Do you want to come ? """
tr	10	We don 't have time to try anything else .
tr	10	Suddenly , the rectangular shape of earth jumps downward , slowly sinking as a staircase gradually takes shape .
tr	10	"Besides , they 're all we 've got now . """
tr	7	It must all be a misunderstanding , it 's impossible that ... But it wasn 't .
tr	5	In his place , Her Majesty , Queen Giulietta , will rule .
tr	6	Her eyes were wide and wild , her mouth partial y open in a toothy , hungry grin .
tr	9	""" I can 't allow you to get hurt . """
tr	9	"Would you like to spend the summer at Big Pine Lodge ? """
tr	11	"I 'm going to start with your toenails and work my way up . """
tr	6	Yet , she was still just a young girl , and he a trained soldier .
tr	11	""" I tried to tell the brethren about my visions , that you needed help ."
tr	9	The door opened and an old Japanese man stoically motioned for Connor to get in .
tr	8	""" Well you 're not bringing that skull to our place , "" Ricky stepped forward and was adamant ."
tr	9	She made him happy and he felt content with her being his wife .
tr	5	""" Me , Belinda , the interviews , the sales girl , the assistant . """
tr	10	She knew what she had to do .
tr	8	If the sheep didn 't wake him , Rocky surely would if someone or something was creeping about .
tr	8	"You never showed me any photos of your brothers ' haircuts . """
tr	8	""" System maintenance in progress , "" Zero answered in an even more robotic tone then normal ."
tr	6	To the south , groups of people dotted the plains in long lines to the horizon .
tr	9	""" No , all I could think of was ' attack "" ' ."
tr	11	I 'm sure we can bring him on board . '
tr	9	She impacts the opposite wall ; her head making a sickening thud as it cracks against the metal bulkhead .
tr	8	"While dowsing them in syrup , I said casually , "" So , someone stopping by ?"
tr	9	At that point , they did not care that my biological father was still around .
tr	7	He looked around for a place to sit and eat .
tr	9	""" Bye Gran , thanks for washing my clothes ! """
tr	10	"perhaps when you 're older you 'll understand and come to forgive me . """
tr	9	I could see what he was thinking .
tr	11	""" And I 'm sure Mr. Graff will come with you ."
tr	7	"Let that boy go ! """
tr	8	And with that the Angel abruptly changed trajectory and the starship shot off directly upwards .
tr	10	She could see now it was Donovan on the ground .
tr	6	""" The hell with you both ! """
tr	7	Tim woke at just after eight am and found Andy still asleep , slumped over the desk .
tr	7	The sheep had found a natural stone windbreak and had bedded down nearby .
tr	6	Wondering , wanderer , wandered I , Find my kin , the great Magi .
tr	5	""" Maybe , "" the man affectionately pecked the woman ."
tr	5	To the question , though , Mirai only shook her head .
tr	7	One had a thick brown beard and the other , a thin blonde one .
tr	11	""" You don 't seem surprised to see us , "" Gabe says ."
tr	10	I keep meaning to ask you .
tr	8	Having repaired the spleen and the transverse colon , the two moved onto the pancreas and left kidney .
tr	7	Landon snorted and was deliberately ignored .
tr	7	"And that 's it , "" I finished ."
tr	9	He looked her in the eye and then dared to take her hand gently .
tr	9	Ben was a lot more relaxed now however , he still made John feel like an infant .
tr	10	He was forcibly pushed into the back of an arrest vehicle and driven off .
tr	10	The lady raised a hand as if to brush away Claire 's apology .
tr	9	Overflowing like honey they rose into a low cloud around him in response to him sitting on the lid .
tr	9	""" Colonel , if I miss something I could get a lot of good people killed . """
tr	7	He could only shake his head at his own stupidity .
tr	11	Checking to see if he was sincere .
tr	10	Much later I realised she 'd hit the nail dead centre on the head .
tr	8	Elaina recoiled from the harshness of his tone .
tr	11	She looked at the last egg and knew Hailey had slept with it .
tr	9	""" Our young friend who we met back in Treviso . """
tr	8	"If I will be the one which will hurt you . """
tr	5	Ice monsters and an ancient , beautiful evil await .
tr	10	No , the Prince thought harshly , I do not kill unless I have to .
tr	11	""" Well ... I thought I saw her blush . """
tr	10	Now be on your way , because I am tiring of you .
tr	8	Two houses down a human head had been mounted above the doorway .
tr	9	""" This afternoon I saw the e-mail sent to me by Simon ."
tr	7	Someone was on his or her way , maybe to the sea .
tr	9	""" It hasn 't made much difference to be honest ."
tr	9	""" I can 't wait to see this whole ordeal over with ."
tr	6	A week later the New Year 's football games reached their climax and the Holiday season reached its end .
tr	5	Besides Diane and Blake , they 're actually my real friends .
tr	9	A look of pure dread filled his face as I pulled the trigger , point-blank .
tr	11	I knew the second fragment would be useless without it .
tr	9	You just can 't prepare yourself for a kick in the balls .
tr	10	A man sat at her father 's desk , leafing through some of the bills .
tr	11	He runs his fingers through his hair trying to tame the wild strands .
tr	9	Trinity quickly shook it from her mind and tried to finish up .
tr	6	""" What is it , Adele ? """
tr	8	"All we would need is there . """
tr	7	The Author , his wife and two teenage children currently live 20 miles south of Raleigh , North Carolina .
tr	10	That 's how frightened they were .
tr	6	Joe let out a long sigh , then coughed some more , spitting blood .
tr	9	Despite all of his shortcomings , she wants to be with him .
tr	8	Even he thought it was weak .
tr	7	"And not just any blood ... "" I pause for dramatic effect and lower my voice ."
tr	10	After a few minutes he was able to regain his composure and follow the others .
tr	11	' I keep telling you she likes you , ' Raphael said .
tr	11	By Sol , she would never get used to waiting for him .
tr	8	It was Finan who spoke .
tr	10	His mind retreated into a drug induced haze , blocking out the pain .
tr	11	Switching back to the demo Raphael said , ' Still sounds good .
tr	9	"I 'm sure that 's a good sign . """
tr	7	"She said , "" Like what ? """
tr	8	He greeted Reid like an old acquaintance and ushered us inside the building .
tr	7	Downstairs , there was a loud rap on the front door .
tr	7	""" Yes , one of yours , Colonel Maggie Sinclair , was our copilot ."
tr	10	' Really , and exactly what did Danny think ? '
tr	6	It was narrow and long , cheeks high and sunken , nose pinched , jaw angular .
tr	8	It was a cute one , comfy , having light blue walls like color .
tr	8	Joshua 's recon platoon was given the task of screening for the entire JP force to the south .
tr	7	asked Mitchell , clearly growing exasperated .
tr	9	She really needed to take him to Washington some time .
tr	9	Something that made her happy ?
tr	11	He will drink water , but is starting to have trouble swallowing .
tr	10	As our adversaries become more alert to our activities they will be better prepared .
tr	11	At that moment the boss appeared and was overjoyed to see the sisters in his room .
tr	10	What was going to happen to me ?
tr	8	"I 'll get the information from you and you can go home . """
tr	7	""" They 're big boys , they can find their way back home on their own . """
tr	7	Brenner and Downer were part of a fire team .
tr	5	All of her , not just her body , but her heart and soul and her brilliant mind .
tr	7	The fear and rage coursed through my limbs , spreading and gaining speed .
tr	5	Again the tiny patient 's body convulsed .
tr	11	He was going to call it quits .
tr	6	The amenities were limited , but at least it was cheap and passable .
tr	9	""" But you were wise to run away ."
tr	6	""" Stop it , "" Scarlett said , her voice flat , mechanical ."
tr	9	"She stayed quiet a while before saying , "" I know . """
tr	9	In a way ... Is there anything I can do to stop it ?
tr	8	""" That 's the future of aviation , "" said a grey haired man in a suit ."
tr	7	' I don 't think so , ' I replied , shaking my head .
tr	6	Half an hour later , Brazil and Raegan crept down the hall and then the front door opened and closed .
tr	11	You 're not big on hospitality are you ?
tr	10	""" I said it was ridiculous and there must have been some sort of mistake ."
tr	7	""" That 'd put it on our land . """
tr	6	Eduardo grabbed her hand quickly and examined the ring .
tr	7	So Trudy typed in ' Industrial Products ' and , voila , we were in business .
tr	6	Along the shoreline a slick of diesel oil moved out into the river .
tr	9	Barbara asked to everyone , her eyes returning , however , to Simon 's face .
tr	7	A large , curved staircase wound down to the first floor and continued on into the basement .
tr	5	My new memory serves me well .
tr	9	Finan allowed his gaze to travel over the youth slowly .
tr	6	Exploration vessels , science vessels , and small private ships all left from here .
tr	9	His father was often gone on trips overseas , flying and teaching Air Force pilots in Germany , Japan or Korea .
tr	7	An armed guard stood unobtrusively next to a potted palm tree to our left .
tr	11	""" I don 't want to get into this , Frank ."
tr	6	Noah hadn 't made it .
tr	10	""" Do you want to win ? """
tr	8	"When she didn 't , he prompted , "" Is there anything I need to know ? """
tr	6	"He 's been stalling . """
tr	8	In response , the man spun to face us .
tr	6	A woman with a warm smile directed him to a corridor on the right .
tr	10	Mac didn 't feel the need to hesitate anymore .
tr	7	It was searching , but for what ?
tr	11	He watched the details of William 's lab cross in front of him as 007 looked around the room .
tr	10	John got worried -- why was Bradley in doubt ?
tr	7	We came to a hallway , lit only by lamps .
tr	10	he answered as we walked down the self-help section of the library .
tr	10	Her husband , a mute and somber man who stood at her side , knew the tourist cottage where Sarah lived .
tr	8	""" Friends , you 've no idea how worried I was ."
tr	5	""" Besides , all the food here is no good anymore ."
tr	8	contemplated Simon whilst trying with two fingers .
tr	5	The X1 , the processing chamber , and everything else in that pounding reality .
tr	7	""" Such an endeavour as this requires careful handling , "" King Ine murmured thoughtfully ."
tr	10	' Thought I best mention they 're calling last orders at the bar . '
tr	6	Austin and I just stared and covered our mouths and noses .
tr	6	It was , and still is , the best hyper sport motorbike ever made by Suzuki .
tr	5	"It ' s pretty lame , actually . """
tr	7	"And you keep your eyes open too , okay ? """
tr	11	He heard one set of feet running across the deck , and moments later heard another he knew were Billy 's .
tr	8	Calvin ramped up his amp 's volume , pulled a B-flat and still no B-flat came .
tr	8	""" Maya , you can 't ... "" "" Can 't contact anyone , I know . """
tr	7	The telepathic bond held strong and Kim shook her head , red hair whipping round with the movement .
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	7	""" I don 't appreciate my staff insulting visitors , and Mr. Bishop will leave this airfield very soon . """
tr	6	""" And with its long , dark and cavernous corridor , it 's a real treat , "" Barret persisted ."
tr	7	My fingers closed on the glass neck , and I hauled it from its display case .
tr	10	The sound of the cold steel scraping and banging was getting closer but still they could not see anything .
tr	6	""" Not Guilty , My Lord , "" said the foreman , "" on all counts "" ."
tr	9	""" What about our plan to put them out of action for a little while ? """
tr	8	""" Do not stand on the ridge , my friends ."
tr	9	""" That may be but Clancy knows much more about you than you may realize . """
tr	9	""" I did not like to wake her . """
tr	9	Never trust anyone , especially those that claim to know you , your family or me .
tr	6	""" Great goodness , for so long !"
tr	7	He walked away , his helmet slamming into the lockers and I hung my head in disgrace .
tr	11	Josie leaned back a bit , looking at the cut on Mark 's back .
tr	9	Her eyes tried to scream at Chris .
tr	8	Even with the coming of the new day it would seem terminally black in their hearts .
tr	5	"Chapter IV "" A Past That Haunts "" "" This place is very different . """
tr	9	He was immediately assaulted with accusing eyes .
tr	9	""" There are caves in the sides of the mountains ."
tr	10	I instinctively press my palms into the ground , groaning as mud seeps between my fingers .
tr	11	the man screamed out as he struggled to remain upright .
tr	7	' I 'm only on my tenth , ' said Bruno finally .
tr	8	Josie slowly , methodically , fired , correcting her aim , and walking her shots up the giant 's body .
tr	7	He pulled the chair out for me , and then took his place across from me .
tr	11	"I was just giving you a little extra incentive to get that privacy barrier rebuilt . """
tr	10	We 've been here over forty hours and it looks as though nothing 's going on .
tr	8	The plastic snaps off , and I think I understand .
tr	8	Rafe glanced speculatively behind him in the direction that they had come .
tr	9	""" So , you 've been lying to your family and hiding overseas ."
tr	7	I frowned and glanced at the journal by my feet .
tr	5	Click ... Click ... Click ... Four hundred and ninety-eight seconds ... Four hundred and ninety-nine seconds ... Five hundred .
tr	7	""" We can cross the safe and legal one . """
tr	6	The halls were bright and cheery , the smell of fresh wood and paint still lingering in the hallways .
tr	10	""" It 's a wonder we 're all still alive and kicking , "" he thought ."
tr	6	""" Your two guards are no longer with us ."
tr	9	""" Oh , well , you might want to wait one more second then . """
tr	6	He tucked the SIG into his belt at his back , under his sweater .
tr	11	Then we 'll open our eyes and see which direction most of us are pointing .
tr	7	Against four , if I am truly unlucky under the stars .
tr	9	Overly tired Raphael thought he must be dreaming .
tr	9	He wasn 't allowed to travel now .
tr	11	There were eight now and they could afford to lose one to a meal .
tr	7	No , we keep men on him day and night .
tr	9	They had History and Mr. Singer looked stressed out .
tr	8	These devils have been chasing us for weeks .
tr	10	"I 'll see that you hang for your treachery ! """
tr	7	""" Like I said , probably for the best , "" Jason says ."
tr	8	This task , and the rewards given to them after , was called their Inheritance .
tr	9	Martin says rising to leave .
tr	10	""" Sergeant Timmons , can you check your display out there and tell us what you 've got ? """
tr	11	As he did so he lost his grip on the torch , which plummeted downward .
tr	10	It would be nice to have my own family now .
tr	8	In contrast to the dusty road we 'd just left , this highway was well paved .
tr	11	""" Were you trying to get us killed ? """
tr	7	Personal weapons plus frag grenades and claymore mines .
tr	5	""" Of course , "" she murmured and rose off the bed ."
tr	8	""" It 's alright , I won 't hurt you , "" said Andy ."
tr	6	The girl wore a soft white dress -- silk , it looked like .
tr	7	I slowly pulled my blanket off and crawled on all fours like dog .
tr	8	Just as he had hoped , it contained a flat cake of ship 's biscuit .
tr	6	""" It 's ... all too much , "" I gasp ."
tr	9	Sometimes he imagined he could hear her voice .
tr	7	I remained amazed for a second .
tr	7	For a long moment , assassins and guards simply stared at each other , not speaking .
tr	7	Much to his surprise , she nodded .
tr	5	""" She 's not the only one ."
tr	8	Before he knew it he was above water and quickly making his way over to the Captains ship .
tr	8	Kidnapping Neela from such a nest of liars and murderers was no crime .
tr	8	The hallway snaked after a bit , leading us along a winding path through the monastery .
tr	9	But by then , Chris knew they had done their job .
tr	9	She felt herself being dragged backwards .
tr	11	However , who knows what tomorrow will bring forth ?
tr	10	Instantly , I was knocked from my feet as a blur of motion struck me .
tr	8	Friedrich peered around the corner of the wall and drew his head back sharply .
tr	10	"I remember it was a hot day like today . """
tr	11	He must be made of solid steel , for my desperate thrashing doesn 't move him at all .
tr	9	Neela seemed ready to break away .
tr	6	The activity around him was electrifying .
tr	7	Fallen grapes fermenting in the sun gave off the essence of sweet red wine .
tr	6	He deliberately , slowly raised his pistol and steadied it .
tr	11	' Price thinks one of his employees has been playing with the numbers .
tr	9	A blissful kind of warmth overtakes his senses as he begins to wake from his deep sleep .
tr	9	Near the far wall the floor and several shelves were littered with odd-looking mechanical things , some quite large .
tr	9	""" Now , I want you to come out onto the porch ! """
tr	6	He picked up his mobile and hit a speed dial . .
tr	6	I removed my grip , I hesitated a moment , the arm clamp did not activate .
tr	5	""" Yes , surprisingly enough , I am , "" Ted replied ."
tr	6	"Beyond us lay conveniently labeled aisles for "" cooking , "" "" outdoors , "" and "" defense . """
tr	8	Their coordination with the JP forces to the north was limited at best .
tr	9	""" Why would they leave this out here and not just put a copy or something in its place ? """
tr	7	""" You can leave the jars and nets , "" Simon said ."
tr	5	Now Taylor heard it too .
tr	7	The big horse shifted his weight but otherwise stood quietly for her .
tr	9	Later when the entire basement got burned down I thought it was the end .
tr	8	""" I would not have thought such a thing , "" replied Eda softly ."
tr	9	Valerian bit his lip to check a cry .
tr	10	When the next song began Katherine panicked when no sound came from Calvin 's guitar .
tr	5	""" I should never drink ."
tr	7	""" No one knows the secrets of the Wilds ! """
tr	5	The thought made her frown .
tr	8	She looked through a couple more drawers but still couldn 't see it .
tr	9	Sipping delicately from a glass of wine , Phillip regarded his host .
tr	6	""" He 's clearly not wearing that necklace now . """
tr	8	He could admit that to himself at least .
tr	6	Yours , The Faerie Godmother July 1 Dear Fairy Godmother , Thank you for your letter .
tr	9	The Prince surged to his feet , then stumbled backward as his ankle again collapsed beneath him .
tr	5	A train rolled in , fast , long , loud , hissing and squealing .
tr	7	""" What do you mean by super-powers ? """
tr	6	"Thank you so much . """
tr	11	"I 'll get you started and show you what to look for . """
tr	6	Lifting the sack carefully , he placed it on a stubby tree beside them .
tr	5	Some of the assignments and chores of their own .
tr	8	""" Jason , she 's alive , she 's alive , "" Aria sobs happily ."
tr	6	Her hair was dark and unkempt , her eyes sunken , and her skin had an unhealthy pallor .
tr	9	Her father was correct in expecting the worse .
tr	10	Let me know how it goes .
tr	7	""" A superhero ... You know , cape , tights , super-powers . """
tr	11	Maybe she didn 't know just how much this Jimmy had been in love with her .
tr	8	""" He is a favorite of the earl , "" the watch captain said ."
tr	6	""" It 's really weird , "" Jodie commented ."
tr	8	I slipped behind the wheel and ran my fingers lovingly over the dashboard and the gearbox .
tr	8	A ball of fire in the sky ; what could it mean ?
tr	6	Pierre , the chief mate , Alexi , Enrico and two other men sat around her .
tr	5	""" Those dinosaurs are so incredible , though ! """
tr	10	The deck lurches beneath the technician 's feet and he has to steady himself on the console .
tr	8	"She 'd have caught you and cut your throat within a few more miles . """
tr	11	Marja was just finishing going through her wardrobe , throwing clothing behind her and onto the bed .
tr	9	She forced herself to snap out of it .
tr	6	""" That 's not true , "" said Anderson forcefully ."
tr	9	She hung up without waiting for an answer .
tr	6	"We 'll catch you . """
tr	10	Aries couldn 't remember ever hearing Scythe speak , so it was no surprise when Moira answered him .
tr	8	""" My best friend Ruben was a year younger than me , and he was from a poorer family , Quechua ."
tr	8	"I 'm sitting here in Spain at mass with about five little old ladies . """
tr	10	Who would try to steal it ?
tr	11	She only hoped that Sebastian would manage to survive .
tr	9	Within a few powerful strokes he arrived to where Katherine 's pretty feet awaited .
tr	6	Things at sea could change very quickly .
tr	9	What mad travesty of life did you live , in the stark blackness of that eternal night ?
tr	8	I sat on my chair and playing with the little spoon in my coffee , watching in gol .
tr	8	""" We would need an engine and wheels , "" Taylor felt right in his element ."
tr	6	"Your animals are gone , your house is gone . """
tr	9	think I might come again .
tr	6	Later in the afternoon , the runner from the river came into the village .
tr	8	The men greeted him as he floated past .
tr	6	""" I used a special space transporter button , "" the Angel explained ."
tr	6	""" I always have , "" Chase said slyly and straighten himself ."
tr	9	""" What the , "" she starts , her voice originating from the stone itself ."
tr	9	Tim 's voice had its usual cheerful quality , but something sounded slightly off as if he were nervous or rushed .
tr	7	And in a few minutes they had a fire going and almost everyone was asleep .
tr	7	The parts of those food processing machines were piled up out back of the building .
tr	9	Except Jessica , who sat at the table , ready to eat .
tr	11	Things had been strained between her and Ruth since the revelations about Chris and the ballet teacher .
tr	7	The other boy 's hair was long and curly , down to his shoulders .
tr	11	Andy stared out the window thinking about how to research the Talisman .
tr	5	And this your little lad , is it ?
tr	6	He took another breath , and the memories retreated further .
tr	9	I 've had it with the two of you .
tr	9	It took him no time at all to spin his horse around for another pass .
tr	9	How about we go somewhere else and talk about this .
tr	9	I suddenly became aware of how terribly exposed I was .
tr	7	She then turned and headed towards the apartment 's tiny kitchenette .
tr	9	"So tell me , what 's up ? """
tr	11	But err , don 't say owt if you catch me yawning again eh ? '
tr	10	"Chapter 5 -- Good Laugh "" I wouldn 't use him as a cart horse ! """
tr	9	At the time MI6 were worried about a spy within their organisation .
tr	7	I murdered a famous pastry chef in a foreign country .
tr	8	He ascended the steps to the side porch and pushed the kitchen door the rest of the way open .
tr	7	""" Will we catch many crabs , do you think ? """
tr	8	' Perhaps a visit to your office might be in order ' she suggested , and left it at that .
tr	8	"Considering you 're making her grandmother be your servant . """
tr	7	Rip open the seam a tiny bit and shove it in .
tr	11	He looked out into the rain , wondering if any of them would sleep tonight .
tr	9	She got used to gradually increasing soreness .
tr	8	You 'll be working with the new government .
tr	11	Finan was surprised how appetising their aroma was and felt his stomach growl in anticipation .
tr	7	Had they followed that rule ?
tr	11	Waving Willow would not leave the hole so Wounded Eagle stayed with her , while she mourned .
tr	7	""" Okay , "" he said , "" you can all laugh ."
tr	9	This leads me to my second train of thought : How I will kill Grand .
tr	5	Then , with one desperate heave , he had the reins .
tr	8	Atticus looked over at me a bit panicked .
tr	6	The agents stepped closer and fired their tasers .
tr	7	Alejo drew in a breath , and it was sharp , hurried .
tr	8	After that assuming you don 't hate each other you 'd repeat the whole process with album two . '
tr	8	The car 's front bumper was the closest elevated position to Ted 's current position .
tr	10	I looked down at the girl sitting in the back seat so forlorn .
tr	7	""" We had the pleasure earlier ; he escorted us from the airport to the apartments . """
tr	9	""" By midnight tonight , you won 't be able to walk . """
tr	11	""" Maybe you should throw in a conversion factor for stadiums full of popcorn ? """
tr	8	With a powerful grip , Minister Drake clutched my arm , keeping me on balance .
tr	9	The last team reached the yellow and black target symbols on the module and grasped the handholds welded to its bulkheads .
tr	9	PART 10 : AND TO ALL A GOOD NIGHT The Cursed Hand sat sullenly in his Outrage Room .
tr	9	He suddenly smiled as he stares upon the young woman .
tr	7	The hardened pirate was all soft and mellow in her presence and she learned more about him during this time .
tr	6	I could not stay there any longer .
tr	9	It seemed that the Turk wasn 't a Turk at all .
tr	9	Today she was driving on her own , turning heads in the bright red , classic MG .
tr	8	Mr. Clancy came first passing under the arm of his giant friend .
tr	7	With smooth movements , Mana tore the sheet into quarters and went over to the fireplace .
tr	11	I was hoping to find a bulletproof vest or weapon of some sort .
tr	7	""" I didn 't hurt him , "" I say ."
tr	10	And that 's all there is to it .
tr	7	But then , he couldn 't exactly telepathically communicate with the Colonel .
tr	9	The air was stale and carried the taste of smoke , along with the savoury fragrance of meat .
tr	10	There were no military ships that looked like this .
tr	7	Her humor was refreshing as ever .
tr	6	Finan turned back to the letters .
tr	9	"Do you have I.D. ? """
tr	8	Can I take my jacket off , ' it 's sweltering in here ' and 2 .
tr	8	She giggled and pictured the conversation going on downstairs .
tr	6	""" Use what you can ... "" "" I will , I promise . """
tr	7	After the great wars in the south the men and their kind withdrew to the north and all the surrounding lands .
tr	8	It was about to happen .
tr	6	' Just be careful you don 't reopen your wounds . '
tr	7	Both boys gave me a hug , and then I disappeared into the trees .
tr	10	It 's your job to follow the clues and save him .
tr	9	""" I am going to follow him . """
tr	6	Called it a heart attack .
tr	5	Another person , like Judith Langdon , that Matthew had never mentioned .
tr	9	He proceeds to Dock Six , taking the small personnel entrance and walking into the large cavernous dock .
tr	10	' I 'm sorry John but that might be a step too far !
tr	10	""" You already have , "" the woman said , pointing to a signed paper on the desk ."
tr	7	Chris heard a kind of sadness creep in .
tr	11	Instead they cleared a path for the truck to drive through and continued with their odd tasks .
tr	9	"Why would you help us make a safe and peaceful city ? """
tr	11	""" As a race you were aggressive ; understandably so , attempting to survive in a hostile world . """
tr	10	The wind then seemed to go out of his sails slightly , but he still continued .
tr	10	To the man who sent this to me .
tr	8	Carlos shrugged and reached into a pocket and pulled out a slim flip phone and offered it to Mark .
tr	8	It would be different for him here on the mountain 's face .
tr	8	""" Now what does that tell you about their intentions ? """
tr	11	He grabbed one of the lights and began examining the controls at the other end of the room .
tr	8	""" I have heard nothing of this . """
tr	10	""" It 's fair to killing me , you see . """
tr	8	Kaylie finished putting the broccoli in the pot .
tr	6	Simon chose that moment to burst into the room .
tr	5	but I stopped her mid flow .
tr	10	Self preservation won out over loyalty and Tim let Andy go , sliding past the teacher as he went .
tr	6	' This was my mistake , ' Cora said , a shake in her voice Murray had never heard before .
tr	7	First , I want them fully prepared and briefed with numerous contingency plans .
tr	9	""" No , "" said Ben , "" Ahmad looks familiar to me ."
tr	7	""" Messing with static jump portals is just low , Jason , even for you . """
tr	11	Professor Bamford thought for a moment , thinking about what he had said .
tr	7	With his light skin , he did look a lot like an Afghani .
tr	8	Her diminutive figure was interestingly conspicuous among the brawny , battle toughened men all around .
tr	8	""" Parchment , "" he said through clenched teeth , "" and something to write with ! """
tr	7	I dove in after him , hit the floor , rolled and rose to my feet .
tr	6	' I 'm sorry , child , ' he murmured , his expression sorrowful .
tr	9	Ben hobbled over to the grizzly remains of the building he once owned .
tr	7	""" Hmmm ... Never thought of it that way . """
tr	6	""" How did that get here ?"
tr	5	My mother , as beautiful and terrifying a woman as ever sailed the stream .
tr	5	"First date , holding hands , first kiss , all the smoldering and yearning ? """
tr	11	"They 're trying to kill us , "" David replied , almost hysterical ."
tr	8	The neoprene was getting rather intimate and the life jacket felt like an unwelcome hug from a frisky drunk .
tr	7	He paid Miri her fee , mumbled his inadequate goodbyes , and herded the boy out onto the street .
tr	9	Avril wasn 't going to be deterred .
tr	6	It 's a woman ... ... .
tr	8	There on the front steps stood an extraordinarily beautiful young woman together with an extremely distinguished looking holy man .
tr	9	The ground beneath the Goddess ' feet crumbles apart as the bottom jaw of the monster is revealed .
tr	9	Each hour gnawed away at the faith that I 'd find Aimee .
tr	7	Alejo did not appear at all fazed .
tr	8	Now , relaxed after his drive , he grabbed a cup of coffee and sat down to contemplate .
tr	9	They felt like they had been there a long time .
tr	6	"In other words , very little , if anything , was Dr. Gallo 's original work at all . """
tr	8	Someone descended and knocked on a window of the square building .
tr	7	""" There 's nothing wrong with him !"
tr	10	Just before the zombie would have been on him , Joe sidestepped .
tr	9	""" He will be much safer there , and it will be better for you as well ."
tr	7	Jacob Crawford was wearing blue jeans and a light blue sweater .
tr	11	"He has shattered the Triforce once again , "" she reveals , raising her hand to display the glowing triangle ."
tr	10	They lead him away from those his master followed and into a more wooded part of the forest .
tr	5	' Number nineteen , thirty-two and eight , ' said the blond woman .
tr	10	They seem to be afraid of her .
tr	7	""" You will be a big , strong brave , yes , you will . """
tr	10	""" I don 't think we 'll need it ."
tr	11	""" Do you think you can drive ? """
tr	6	"To Cathleen he said , "" Dad was in the Navy , too . """
tr	10	In the instant before she turned her back on him again , Cade saw his face reflected in her eyes .
tr	5	' Without doubt Colin , without a doubt , ' I quickly answered .
tr	9	Her nightgown was folded neatly on top of her pillow .
tr	5	""" No , not really , "" Onyx said quietly ."
tr	11	He watched it , fearing it would face him .
tr	7	And he wasn 't real proud of his clumsy fall from the rock either .
tr	7	The dreadful sound made the hair on Neil 's neck prickle .
tr	6	""" I love it , "" Tori exclaimed and hugged Daniel ."
tr	5	"A chortle , some nods and a "" Yes , sir "" answered Ox ."
tr	5	Sometimes just making that connection is its own experience , its own reward .
tr	8	Snow Job slowed his movement as he approached the sentry .
tr	9	The shock of the cold water caused her to shriek uncontrollably with each bucket .
tr	10	""" I 'm going to make a tribute to your story ."
tr	6	She felt like a fake .
tr	9	Young men who 've never tasted battle are eager to measure themselves .
tr	6	And no doubt Akers , the Mississippi Congressman , was behind it .
tr	8	"Perhaps you know a great deal about this issue , "" said Alfred ."
tr	9	""" Maybe if you keep trying , you 'll find something that works ."
tr	9	I encourage you to never travel to the future .
tr	11	He may not remember much , but he remembered waking up in the remains of the melted boat .
tr	9	Thus , they forgot all about Ivan and he continued to quietly serve his community .
tr	8	Dr. Livingston was not to be deterred .
tr	10	I don 't want anything to happen to you .
tr	9	This was going to be fun .
tr	10	Wind roared in his ears , dulled only slightly by Mirai 's hands .
tr	10	She suggested , rolling carefully over to one side of the cot .
tr	11	It was about dinnertime and he hadn 't even started to cook my dinner -- - the jerk .
tr	11	People say that about accidents , time seems to almost stop .
tr	10	I thought he 'd agreed with me .
tr	6	""" Our new favorite fraternity brothers are here at least once a week , usually on weekends ."
tr	6	At last , he straightened , and Darin held his breath .
tr	5	""" Well , this afternoon , in my lab , I undertook a simple experiment ."
tr	9	Ricky looked concerned as he got out of the truck .
tr	9	None of them spoke as they jogged down the leafy paths deeper into the Wilds .
tr	8	I ordered the anchor raised and we got under way .
tr	6	""" I appreciate your hospitality , "" Alexandra said , "" and I mean no offence . """
tr	7	' Our scientists are still doing tests on her .
tr	8	In a matter of seconds , he 'd woken the rest of the group with his screams .
tr	7	Adele nodded , eagerly leaning forward .
tr	8	"The one that is more than just the thought that someone followed us . """
tr	7	"All this chatter probably gets on your nerves , huh ? """
tr	9	""" You can 't always get what you want , "" said Santa ."
tr	10	Once inside , their eyes were immediately drawn to a spiral staircase leading to the second floor .
tr	9	Every one turned to look at Bron in surprise , having entirely forgotten his presence .
tr	9	""" She was disguised as one of the men ."
tr	8	I asked her before she got in .
tr	8	""" Fire , "" Mai declares without missing a beat ."
tr	6	""" No more eggs left , sorry , "" she said ."
tr	7	"Doctor , you have two minutes , "" the councilman on the far right declares with impatience ."
tr	10	He appreciates every one of you for making his life a bit more special every day .
tr	8	""" Don 't you want to tell me ? """
tr	7	""" Without good evidence how do we know someone 's innocence or guilt ?"
tr	7	The woman 's lip curled momentarily in contempt and disgust , and then she left .
tr	7	Marco , until a year ago , was the Prism leader for Colombia and Venezuela .
tr	10	We can 't get her up from that ledge , even if we both pulled on that chain .
tr	7	The President 's secretary received a call , then stood and motioned to them .
tr	8	They can get passports at the embassy there and take a flight to another country .
tr	8	Shots pinged across the hood of the Volvo .
tr	8	""" That doesn 't sound like a great plan , "" Sarah said , frowning ."
tr	9	He started to say something , then stopped .
tr	9	Steve Lyndon turned from the coffee pot , a fresh cup of coffee in his hand .
tr	8	Ruth -- my sister -- she clearly said today at 3pm .
tr	10	"It looks as if it was moved there , on purpose . """
tr	8	Kurt said , motioning at the pack .
tr	10	This is what you signed up for and what each of you accepted .
tr	6	The day of his death had come so unexpectedly .
tr	6	' Good rhythm , ' he said , ' but the words need some work . '
tr	6	I flinch at the sound .
tr	9	""" I 'm dying to know , "" Jason replies sarcastically ."
tr	5	A perfect textbook linear ambush , Butch noted .
tr	6	"I 've been so rude . """
tr	10	""" Do you think they help each other ? """
tr	10	Turning to her , he saw she too had stood up and was applauding as loudly as the men .
tr	6	Well , leather pants , at least , since it was much too hot for the full ensemble .
tr	10	At least this way she does not have to frown over me each day and fret over my lost potential .
tr	11	"We don 't want our Spam to get ruined , "" Ted said ."
tr	10	"You 'll need your full strength when you go in the Darkling Wood tonight . """
tr	11	Kurt Weber sat across from his priest , a large , young man I didn 't recognize .
tr	7	"Finally she spoke , "" I am sorry for the delay that I caused . """
tr	9	he replied and in front of me out of the water rose the head of Bob Simpson .
tr	7	Perhaps Paco and Alba weren 't that bad after all .
tr	5	""" Good morning , Mrs. Carlson , "" Anne returned her warm greeting ."
tr	11	""" There 's only a question in your case Elaina because you may be the last of us ."
tr	7	Finan 's voice was roughened with emotion .
tr	11	That was all I needed to hear .
tr	6	""" You will be well ? """
tr	8	I needed to be free !
tr	5	"Uncle Virgil and Aunt Theodosia , eh ? """
tr	11	There were rustling sounds all around us .
tr	9	He squinted as his eyes adjusted to the glare .
tr	10	""" I was captured in Afghanistan when a local warlord shot down our Chinook , "" he said dryly ."
tr	11	The time she told him that she didn 't have long to live .
tr	10	A voice in the back of the Prince 's head told him not to enter ... but he ignored it .
tr	5	""" My dad said that ? """
tr	9	They 're off limits I 'm afraid . '
tr	9	In one skilled move Noah grabbed it and began to eat it .
tr	7	No contact with the colonists since the day before yesterday .
tr	5	""" Harry , you really have a romantic streak . """
tr	9	They say the funniest things , and they make you really live life .
tr	8	Maria felt like abandoning the adventure .
tr	11	"Everybody was so excited that she gave a detailed report the day you left . """
tr	6	""" I kind of liked Helen Hopkins , "" I said at last , very carefully ."
tr	8	""" Excuse me but can I help you ? """
tr	11	They weren 't wealthy or had anything valuable to exchange for their freedom .
tr	8	So after the sheep are given the antidote , they will be routed back to the same containment area .
tr	9	Since when had the minister been cooperating .
tr	6	"Maybe we used one too many blasters . """
tr	7	He might as well do some prep for school .
tr	10	' You mean he 's the one in the picture ? '
tr	10	""" You have more a sense of justice than Sigmund , "" Brand said ."
tr	10	I hope you are pleased with yourself .
tr	8	She grabbed the phone from the table and held it to her ear , shielding her face with her hair .
tr	11	For the time being we 've no choice but to assume some sort of a defensive posture .
tr	7	Her skin tight T-shirt made every man keenly aware of her shapely figure .
tr	9	"I 'm glad we found her . """
tr	6	The object landed on the bottom with a muffled clink .
tr	8	"Ricky stepped forward , "" I don 't mind , "" he said ."
tr	8	Chris glanced across the water and saw the high bluffs of the Rump moving swiftly past .
tr	10	""" I would never have guessed that was a woman ! """
tr	10	He would have to climb up and have a look around .
tr	7	She stopped giggling , wiped at her tears , and then grabbed my hand .
tr	11	I know you want to find him .
tr	11	"As to catching him ... that I will not promise , for it is a different matter entirely . """
tr	10	The steps passed under my feet quickly , winding down and around until I reached the bottom .
tr	9	Seeing him like that make her feel comfortable at his side .
tr	7	And my last client of the evening ... he came in through my door .
tr	6	Despite the morning chill , her mahogany legs were bare and she wore scuffed black plastic ballet flats .
tr	8	""" Any folks wanting a lift round to the Cathedral Cove , I 'll be leaving in a while ."
tr	9	""" Lord Rafe mentioned that someone had been hurt . """
tr	10	No doubt he 'd have me thrown into a padded cell so fast my head would spin .
tr	8	""" You most certainly do look different in a dress , "" he greeted her with a smile ."
tr	8	Some minor alteration , some unseen seal has been set upon this gateway during his absence .
tr	7	Every chance she gets , Mrs. Pond and her people take on Jake and his people .
tr	8	""" Had a few since then , "" the cop answered as he took his seat ."
tr	9	What is certain is that the frontal and parietal lobes of the brain become almost completely atrophied .
tr	7	"Runs good but the gears are too low for use anywhere but out here on the farm . """
tr	9	When he heard the coyote emit a low , throaty growl he looked up to see Sidney stop .
tr	7	The dead placed into body bags and laid on the flight deck .
tr	6	"Courtney Cole 28 With My Last Breath , Book Three "" That is the problem , "" I muttered ."
tr	5	The children , the poets , and the philosophers were right .
tr	6	""" It sure does , "" Jim agreed , "" You drive ! """
tr	8	The Sun Spirit was high in the sky , and they stopped at a stream for water .
tr	10	For something licensed to hold six people it looked tiny .
tr	9	The Prince coughed to clear his throat , and felt an arm wrap around his shoulders .
tr	6	""" The Idol of the Great Mother , "" Brand said ."
tr	10	""" Dr. Colbert , I believe you 've already made that point , "" said Tudor ."
tr	11	Fires were already laid all through the house , for which we were grateful .
tr	9	and transport me stylishly to the Pavilion , this was the ultra-modern shore side facility for members of the club .
tr	8	He was no better off than she was .
tr	6	A moment later , Mr. Dee , the principal , came into the room .
tr	8	Thirty of these cakes fit into each side and the combustion chambers before they were closed and sealed .
tr	7	Another pause , then I sat on my bed , leaned back and put my head on the pillow .
tr	10	Navigating the short staircases of the multilayered maze of a fortress , he makes his way to his throne .
tr	8	There was a commotion in the hole and McCutcheon poked his head around the corner from below .
tr	6	Her eyes were watery and a few tears ran down her cheek .
tr	8	Connor let out a low guttural growl and put all his weight on Billy 's throat .
tr	7	"Anderson smiled openly at Beau and let a breath out , "" Exactly ."
tr	7	His head fell to the floor and he didn 't move , knocked out .
tr	11	""" Did you say the name was Veal ?"
tr	7	Cantwell agreed , smiling back .
tr	7	He then checked his suit , and as he expected , the temperature hadn 't changed .
tr	8	He could see the far side from his vantage point , observed everything -- every leaf that moved .
tr	6	I wanted anything blue , not pink .
tr	9	He stepped back to draw her out -- and felt his thighs locked in an iron grip .
tr	10	It was very weird that he was now outside , leaving , in a car with total strangers .
tr	5	""" I don 't either , "" she said ."
tr	6	""" No , he isn 't an idiot , quite the opposite really ."
tr	6	"You should hate me . """
tr	6	Nothing that would help me .
tr	9	""" We don 't have to do much thing ."
tr	5	""" No , that place isn 't a good idea , either . """
tr	9	""" I have shown you he is not pure of heart , and now you will watch him fall . """
tr	5	""" There 's an airplane here ."
tr	6	Ryan died because of me .
tr	11	When he saw her look up at him he smiled and nodded then went to the back and opened the tailgate .
tr	8	"I don 't believe in coincidences , someone wanted you to find me . """
tr	7	Claire heard voices outside the lounge door and the hairs on her arm rose .
tr	6	""" Mom , dad , Mr. and Mrs. Flynn , Mr. and Mrs. Carson and Mr. and Mrs. Black ! """
tr	11	""" Assume we end up in Heaven due to some luck ."
tr	6	There is so much more here , parchment scrolls , ancient codices , they , re everywhere .
tr	10	The reviews had suggested the town hostel was cleaner and had more facilities .
tr	8	""" I 'll be working on a new route ."
tr	5	""" Hell , yes , I will , "" Ryder snapped right back ."
tr	8	He demands , practically apathetic to the thief 's intentions .
tr	10	He opened his arms and she stepped in as he folded her into his chest .
tr	7	They fear your power , your leadership , your vision .
tr	10	He sighed , but still didn 't answer , having his attention on the unpacking .
tr	7	Alejo 's ribcage rose shakily , then he gagged and shuddered into the wool blanket .
tr	7	Through the dense tangle of branches and bracken he made out the black hide of the leopard .
tr	5	""" Well , Isaac , the other option isn 't so good ."
tr	6	Scott slowed the truck 's speed to twenty .
tr	10	Tarleton collapsed back in the chair , his breath catching in his throat .
tr	6	""" Maybe we should throw our watches away . """
tr	11	""" I told you both , we needed to be more careful ! """
tr	11	I took time out of my beauty sleep to set up this crap .
tr	9	"Rest assured , I believe it will happen eventually . """
tr	5	""" You mean that ... ? """
tr	7	Nothing at all could detract from this wonderful day .
tr	6	However , that bit about the giant , enchanted ninja wombat was totally made up .
tr	9	""" He doesn 't remember , "" Gabe replies , "" just that you were gone ."
tr	5	""" The creatures , they don 't exist ? """
tr	7	Better , in fact , than Flaherty had hoped .
tr	7	"He said , "" Don 't rightly know sir . """
tr	10	Henderson and I are under the blanket trying to sleep .
tr	7	The sound of a working bell can disable a demon , torment it , or even banish it .
tr	11	She had to admit Mark was attractive .
tr	8	Beverly stands from her chair and stretches , an amused look on her face .
tr	8	He roamed angrily with the force of his convictions .
tr	6	' So I s ' pose ... ' ' A city ? '
tr	6	He felt base and unclean and yet still in need , still in love .
tr	8	Paralyzed with electricity , the guard spasms uncontrollably , crumbling to the ground without a fight .
tr	9	""" You tell me , "" Julie said , grabbing Sarah 's hand and smiling with relief through her tears ."
tr	9	This book is the third in the series and is available in paperback and digital format .
tr	7	' By the sounds of things , Roman and Victor have overstayed their welcome .
tr	10	He traced the profile of the propeller on various places and was impressed with the smooth flow of the shape .
tr	9	She had learned to ignore her curiosity .
tr	6	She raised her axe and brought it down , smoothly hacking off his front claw .
tr	10	Andre followed him to the wheel after he grabbed a bag of ice from below deck .
tr	7	You 're not last in anything .
tr	7	Richard pulled three albums from his desk drawer and passed them to the lads .
tr	10	"They 'll be too busy with witty comments to keep on rioting . """
tr	11	I stood up , at a loss for what to do , drowning in a sea of despair .
tr	8	"A girl your age should be more mature than that . """
tr	6	""" It was like , one second , he was almost solid , and the next , he was everywhere ."
tr	9	We 'll have played Ze Dog and Parrot by then , ' Raphael said .
tr	9	Shading his eyes from the blizzard with his hand , Tarleton squinted into the snowstorm .
tr	7	Its tailgate finally swung around and crashed against a fire hydrant .
tr	7	He carefully opened the door and quickly and silently slid into the room .
tr	8	Yes , I would have killed the guinea pig at the table .
tr	6	Her back was to me .
tr	6	""" Marines , Force Recon , sir , "" replied VIN ."
tr	7	"Now , a little more speed and we 'll get you off the ground . """
tr	5	Against her better judgment Vain Glory liked this little rascal .
tr	6	Sarah eyed the grey clouds from her kitchen window .
tr	8	He had been a big man once but now he was a little bit stooped over .
tr	9	He left the camp and traveled back in the direction of the burned out village .
tr	7	He flopped back on the bed and gazed at the ceiling .
tr	10	"I mean , you 've already proven you 're up to the task . """
tr	8	""" I see , and what is the name of your horse ? """
tr	7	"Virgil repeated , "" It is the only way ."
tr	9	Sergeant Bradley knelt in front of her and gave her first aid .
tr	5	The two women eyed each other soberly .
tr	6	He would not allow it .
tr	6	""" You sound a little jealous , Jimmy Boy , "" Sarge said with a twinkle in his eye ."
tr	9	""" So the best course of action is to wait here for the aliens ? """
tr	9	Mark tried to get up , but the debris covering his chest and legs wouldn 't budge .
tr	8	I said sincerely , felling my heart dancing inside of me .
tr	6	I wave the package at him .
tr	9	Another three hours passed as they rowed against the wind .
tr	8	""" Yes , and it 's actually the norm for these guys . """
tr	9	I was starting to doubt his intellect .
tr	11	"But it 's our job to help however we can . """
tr	7	"What did you put in there ? """
tr	10	"I was returning from flight ops in Germany and dismissed the gossip as unimportant . """
tr	9	"Now I 'm never gon na tell you . """
tr	11	Avery laughed at his own joke , like he so often did , which annoyed Scarborough immensely .
tr	11	He was the one who kept opening up .
tr	7	Simon inched nearer and nudged her with one elbow .
tr	6	"The handle turns , round and round , cogs , wheels and teeth . """
tr	5	Wood chips , paint and bullet shells flew everywhere .
tr	6	""" Guards out back too , I guess ? """
tr	7	David threw a tarp over the body and returned to the kitchen .
tr	7	The door opened on a naked girl , no older , maybe even younger than the redhead .
tr	6	Many were relatives or friends and they were past resistance .
tr	9	""" After that show trial me crew put on , wit ' me at the end of a rope ."
tr	5	"Just point the Spear and say the words . """
tr	9	Hell , might be us by the end of the day .
tr	8	He had kept his eyes on the others , except for Clancy .
tr	10	""" Tony stand up and place your hands flat on the table , "" he ordered ."
tr	6	""" You can control it . """
tr	8	They could manage fewer and larger loans for greater return .
tr	10	Ricky figured this was a logical extrapolation from the preceding lesson .
tr	7	The stranger steps back , and Ryan collapses to the ground .
tr	7	For a moment all was still , and then the youth urged his horse a few steps nearer .
tr	11	Lilly Ann 's voice came from the door that had opened silently .
tr	7	Jimmy leaned back against Josie and drank the water .
tr	10	I think what you 're doing is amazing .
tr	11	"I need a guide to take me there , could you lead me there ? """
tr	10	Let us hope it lasts .
tr	8	She laid her hand back on the Elaina 's forehead and frowned .
tr	11	Rand knew that Adele thought him to be Finan .
tr	6	Elves and fairies and sprites , beautiful , and peaceful , gone now .
tr	10	"That 's all there is to it . """
tr	9	""" The saying of such things is only easy if one has had much practise ."
tr	6	""" I 'm so sorry , "" he choked ."
tr	6	""" You once were a good woman , but now -- "" "" She once was a common whore ! """
tr	11	I guess that 's what I look like .
tr	7	""" Oh , and I got us some grub . """
tr	8	When Connor arrived at the Vodka bar a sign on the window said it was closed .
tr	9	Sarah felt rough hands grabbing her jacket , her hair and pulling her back to a standing position .
tr	8	""" You can blow bubbles with it and make a loud popping sound , too ."
tr	11	Steam and boiling water bubbled out from under the hood and thick black smoke billowed from under the drive train .
tr	7	Sweat formed on the boy 's forehead and upper lip .
tr	7	The results of the gunshot , she thought , her stomach roiling .
tr	8	Some sort of warning device would 've been better , you know what I mean ?
tr	9	I thought I could calm him down .
tr	9	I paused and carefully considered my next words before uttering them .
tr	9	""" What is that volcano , the one with the buildings and parking lots in it ? """
tr	10	""" I need it , "" she reveals , quickly deciding to alter her wording ."
tr	9	Mac was surprised that he could communicate .
tr	6	"Away from the materialism , the fake friends and fake smiles , away from my mother and father . """
tr	5	""" Exactly , Sweetie , you 're just so smart ."
tr	6	""" He punched me , "" Cricket shrieked , his voice high-pitched and frightened ."
tr	6	She was barefoot and even without the stilettos her legs and ass were bellissimo !
tr	9	""" With flying colors "" responded Trudy while Phillip and Vivian nodded in agreement ."
tr	9	Thinking of it , his eyes began to burn with tears .
tr	6	""" I know Aimee , her granddaughter ."
tr	10	""" Corporal Evans here , how may I assist you . """
tr	7	He stood up and looked out the window at the grey misting Irish morning .
tr	9	"Do you hate me ? """
tr	8	""" We fought in defense of our lives from an ambush by these same devils ."
tr	5	""" Is this your tree ? """
tr	8	When a person dies , well , when I kill someone , their life ... I absorb their life .
tr	10	The car flipped twice , metal crumpling against the asphalt and giving way with a grating noise .
tr	8	"They 're made out of cotton wool , "" Michael also asked in amazement ."
tr	6	""" Why are you telling me this ? """
tr	5	The Tarantula balanced delicately on the back of his hand .
tr	6	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	7	Maggie heard the general put the receiver down and brought herself back to the present .
tr	11	It doesn 't work where you secular people live .
tr	10	""" Mum , don 't you mean to say as dad ' was ' ? """
tr	8	"But do I get a reward , Barbara ? """
tr	9	"exclaimed Every , "" I told you so , he 's alive ! """
tr	10	""" She 's got two chances then she 's done , "" he said ."
tr	5	""" No , please , I need your help . """
tr	9	We 've transformed the company into something a little different .
tr	10	When peace was finally made it was decided that a marriage alliance should take place , bringing us closer together .
tr	6	He had a wide , swarthy face , a strong determined jaw and sharp , intelligent eyes .
tr	6	She dropped her voice to a secretive growl on the last two words .
tr	6	Mac jerked his head back , gave up a yelp , and turned off his Imp .
tr	8	The man wore a leather jacket , zipped up , despite being obviously indoors .
tr	10	Always to meet with his forbidden love , scouting a potential threat or quelling a bandit nuisance .
tr	5	My little sister , Lily , is a tiny thing as well .
tr	5	""" Yes , son , "" he said ."
tr	10	""" I don 't know where we 'll stay tonight ."
tr	9	I 'll be there as soon as I can .
tr	8	""" You were always too soft , "" The Falcon said as he watched the display ."
tr	10	Alex had taken the tiny urchin under her wing and continued to work with her throughout the year .
tr	6	Gabe looks to his brother .
tr	9	""" I need something to put Daniel in "" she responded while lifting the bodiless Werewolf ."
tr	9	""" It 's great ; our first real success with an organism , "" said Ben uncomfortably , clearing his throat ."
tr	11	But you don 't like it when need help for my quest .
tr	7	""" You sent for me sir ? """
tr	11	He manages trying to look at the ship .
tr	6	Quiet gasps and exclamations rippled around the room as realization dawned .
tr	11	She would probably not have enough ammo to make it back to the house .
tr	11	""" It wouldn 't make any sense to open it up to everyone ."
tr	11	"They want to know how I found them . """
tr	7	""" Just get on the horse , "" he whispered irritably ."
tr	6	So far , no one was after me .
tr	7	Her story is remarkable , I wondered forgetting my own troubles .
tr	11	I swear I was going to explode .
tr	9	What the English called a ' piece of eight . '
tr	6	As he watched , the man with the burning eyes turned and offered the woman his hand .
tr	10	She smoothed his forehead again with one cool hand , and he fell back to sleep in a single instant .
tr	8	That was until he met your mother .
tr	8	' I 'm sure you have .
tr	8	He can 't be smothered by earth .
tr	8	After dinner the three of them sat chatting together for a long time .
tr	10	Andy kicked and struggled for all he was worth .
tr	8	"I never even thought about having a baby before you showed up . """
tr	9	"First of all , I want you to sidestep your way over to that shopping cart . """
tr	10	That was before logic kicked into high gear and I realized no breathing body meant no ice cream money .
tr	8	I found them boarding a train on the last platform .
tr	11	I thought I had to be strong .
tr	8	Partially blocking the gateway was a German truck with a German sitting behind the wheel .
tr	11	And there was the complication of involving someone else in the plot .
tr	6	Dave said and Rob closed the cap .
tr	10	VIN asked , surprised at how simple the dials on his R8 instrument panel looked compared to this monster .
tr	11	These facts made James hard to deal with Alvin .
tr	6	He balled his fists , crumpled his brow , locked his jaw , and turned .
tr	5	""" Sarah , "" Tori whispered and Sarah came out ."
tr	8	Only two options were left for her now : to die now or die later .
tr	8	The dirty unkempt man nearest the stove stood slowly with a cunning look on his face .
tr	11	Ryan was listening hard to what Jonesy was saying .
tr	7	""" In the village ... "" "" Women past childbearing look like old rags , "" the grandmother finished for her ."
tr	6	He approached us , and despite his haunted eyes , he was still smiling .
tr	11	The combination of speed and power Ganondorf wields seems every bit as impossible as it is overwhelming .
tr	10	I let it go to voicemail .
tr	10	He walked over to the group of prisoners in the corner .
tr	6	The resulting blast knocked us all to the ground .
tr	7	The group continued its pace , ignoring the blatant stares and whispers .
tr	6	""" Okay , do it your way , "" Ted said ."
tr	10	A group of scientists were assigned the task of finding new power supplies .
tr	6	The coyote lifted its head and growled at the man , baring sharp fangs .
tr	9	Ted walked over to the shelving and cautiously peered around the end of each row .
tr	8	When the Commander and David arrived communications was manned by an SAS Captain and one trooper .
tr	6	"Aimee whispered , "" You can do this . """
tr	11	"We need to act now , while we 're already here . """
tr	6	""" It 's all circumstantial stuff just now , we need a break . """
tr	7	""" Stop , "" Abby instructed as she consulted the GPS ."
tr	6	""" I give you my protection , my allegiance , my mind , my heart , soul , and body ."
tr	8	"Hitler refused to meet him though . """
tr	11	I know I can be difficult at times .
tr	6	"No indulging until proven innocent . """
tr	11	Maybe he wouldn 't have to grow up after all ... Hawaii sounded nice .
tr	10	Marching over towards Stalin , Alejo motioned for him to move out of the way .
tr	6	""" And you checked on him a few weeks ago ? """
tr	9	Everything was encrypted of course , and not that pansy off-the-shelf crap .
tr	6	""" All the animals here seem pretty active , "" Joey said , and gave me a look ."
tr	10	Because it 's supposed to happen .
tr	9	The chair rocked on its back legs as the bartender rose from his seat .
tr	10	"I can handle the last ship myself "" "" No ."
tr	6	I will be all right .
tr	8	he hissed in a stage loud whisper , gesturing pointedly at Lacroix .
tr	5	INSERT : TRAFFIC SIGN Next right : Ybor City , Historic District .
tr	8	Rob said and he went right up close to the drapery and read the message by the flickering light .
tr	8	What am I going to do ?
tr	10	I decided I had to leave .
tr	10	"So the question is how can we choose our emotional state independent of our observed reality ? """
tr	8	Wang pulled out a length of det cord and fashioned it into a circle .
tr	11	Joshua looked back though the binoculars and saw men lining up in front of the boats in formations .
tr	9	"I expect they 'll be primitive . """
tr	9	""" Before you start having a fit , let me explain ."
tr	6	""" Um ... to ... uh ... "" With a heavy , defeated sigh , she shrugged ."
tr	5	""" Young man , you are terrified ."
tr	6	""" Finan has been hurt . """
tr	6	With a laugh , she turned her attention to the friend at her side .
tr	8	She pressed her mirror to her bosom as a distant glint demanded response .
tr	11	Tell them what prize you were after on that trip .
tr	9	She nodded and , removing her hand from his , then took a step back .
tr	5	But she was also afraid .
tr	5	""" She is a woman ! """
tr	11	"They 're easier to kill than they seem . """
tr	8	""" We have something incriminating here , "" said Joe Bishop excitedly as the radiation detectors omitted slight noises of radioactivity ."
tr	9	After dumping the contents of the GPS pouch into his palm , Joe just stared down at his hand .
tr	9	Can I leave my luggage here while I drop in on Kenichi ?
tr	5	A wonderful , exciting , difficult , terrible , confusing , exhilarating year .
tr	9	He saw Big Man laying dead and another dying to one side .
tr	10	He cut the strands of sinew that bound his mother and five other slaves .
tr	7	The shot was at a distance , and the bullet didn 't penetrate too deep .
tr	8	He too wore a bloody smock , and his face also carried the expression of pride .
tr	7	Gabe stands up , but I beat him to the door .
tr	11	Kate and I were angry that you didn 't even come to dad 's funeral .
tr	11	"Alex demanded , "" I think I can read this ... maybe ! """
tr	10	Candice led the way to the kitchen where she announced the arrival of their guest .
tr	9	Very well , if that is what he says .
tr	11	He did not need to stop when the air cooled .
tr	11	"How big do you think ostrich eggs need to be ? """
tr	7	Once within half a meter , they both immediately genuflect , their eyes to the ground .
tr	10	I flew through the air and landed ten feet in front of him on my feet -- barely .
tr	7	""" What are your plans a week from Saturday ? """
tr	8	I couldn 't resist no longer , I just wanted to kill her .
tr	10	The intestinal cramps from a diet too heavy with citrus and too little bread had weakened his legs .
tr	11	Or at least Henrietta thought it would be .
tr	5	""" Did you know that ? """
tr	7	He lives in the beautiful Pacific Northwest with his wife and three grown sons .
tr	11	Before the Bastian noble could explode in a fury of angry words , I spoke quietly .
tr	10	There 's a waiver to sign for insurance purposes .
tr	8	Ask your mothers to teach you manners .
tr	9	I have a position to uphold and you posting half-naked pictures of yourself across the Web - on LinkedIn !
tr	5	But , this one , right here , in Building 278 , this is it .
tr	10	If it came crashing back through the ship it would pass right through the magazines .
tr	11	It was the same car he 'd seen at the airfield .
tr	11	She still had to check in on Devon on the way home .
tr	7	A sickening , writhing movement on the sword told me of my success .
tr	5	The laser , my wallet , phone , everything was gone .
tr	6	""" Nuts , berries , roots , trapped game , and hunting with bows and slings ."
tr	9	I know the two of them disappeared last week .
tr	11	""" Do you know where you 're going ? """
tr	9	Kurt insisted on accompanying me , but I lost him in the town square .
tr	9	""" Beppe , I need you to protect him for a while ."
tr	7	Page one , photo two , sixteen black Hunters in a perfect diamond formation .
tr	8	""" Stop it at once or write lines , "" Mana said with great firmness ."
tr	9	The research articles by HE Strauss and generic information about the UPMC had been freely accessible on the internet .
tr	10	You can 't live life vicariously , you have to stomp in it and get your boots muddy .
tr	9	Blood spread out to form a pool under its body .
tr	8	""" I can feel them , "" he answered a bit surprised , "" they are warm and soft . """
tr	6	Her resolve , quick thinking , and forceful personality all spoke to that .
tr	6	""" Come , ' tis not so shocking as all that ."
tr	10	The men sat quiet for a moment , and Nathan contemplated what else could be done .
tr	7	The IG One Twelve Brigade is already entrenched along the border .
tr	9	Although their unexplained deaths were of concern , he switched back to provide cover to his two comrades .
tr	9	"You could even say that he 's quite sweet . """
tr	10	A small , nagging voice in my head reminded me that the world was full of beautiful places .
tr	6	Every now and then a white witch is born , but they are very rare .
tr	8	Screwing up his courage , Kurt took a step from the cover of the bus .
tr	6	He , like a child , blushed and turned away .
tr	8	""" I wanted to see the stars tonight ."
tr	8	Rocking back on his haunches , Mason quickly broke down the rifle , placing each piece into its designated foam slot .
tr	9	With the right knowledge , you can even make it look like natural causes .
tr	8	Andy knew Tim was right .
tr	10	Scott watched the little girl move down the slope easily and thought she looked like a mountain goat .
tr	5	Almost elegant in its execution with the darkest black markings against white skin .
tr	6	""" Turn left , "" Logan whispered in my ear ."
tr	11	It wouldn 't do for townspeople to see their faces and report their neighbors ' crimes .
tr	11	""" I know you loved my brother , "" he said , forcing his voice to sound calm ."
tr	6	Mr. Anderson was following closely behind , eavesdropping .
tr	5	""" No , not yet , but - "" Lori quickly cut her sister off ."
tr	10	My guess is he 's not interested in them .
tr	6	"Recall her threat - "" slit your throat from your left ear to your right . """
tr	7	"Nothing waits for the country 's call . """
tr	10	But my husband , my Philippe , had died under the weight of Napoleon 's taxes .
tr	10	The cousins were constantly at each other 's throats , even if they would defend each other to the death .
tr	9	My adrenaline pumped so hard the veins in my arms were showing .
tr	10	"I 'll bet every utensil is in a precisely measured spot . """
tr	10	""" Come on , "" Gabe 's eyes are bright , and he 's got that teasing smile on his face ."
tr	6	The trunks looked the most interesting , however .
tr	9	It seems unwise to mock her .
tr	9	And why had that sister wanted to see it so badly ?
tr	11	Katherine noted Calvin 's voice resonating as they focused on the next cruiser motoring by .
tr	11	""" Do you want to go play ? """
tr	8	""" It 's not a matter of time , "" she said , "" it 's a matter of trust . """
tr	8	she laughed , meeting his eyes in the mirror .
tr	5	""" Oh yeah , so fucking cool dude , "" Hicks says happily ."
tr	10	She had just reached the reunion of Edmond and Mercedes when she was interrupted again .
tr	7	The tasks before him were not new , but familiarity was not the same as comfort .
tr	9	Glancing up , and despite his inhibitions , Ward could glimpse the rage present in the man 's glowing eyes .
tr	7	""" That doesn 't look like a bill ... ."
tr	9	"Their children are ... "" Claire paused , searching her brain for name cards ."
tr	10	""" You plan to commit us to war with an alien species and you have zero military experience . """
tr	11	""" You won 't be angry with me if I take you from her , will you ? """
tr	11	""" We 're part of the problem because we represent the nobility ."
tr	10	He 'd finished in enough time to come and help her out her pod .
tr	7	He stood up , stretched , walked over to the window and looked across the courtyard to the barn .
tr	7	Bright , fierce lightning struck the force field many times , but only made an electrical show with no effect .
tr	7	""" Well , I chose psychology of selfishness ."
tr	10	""" By allowing me to love you , "" he said without thought ."
tr	9	Valerian reeled backward , shaking and clawing the stinging liquid out of his eyes .
tr	10	He did a lot of brooding of late .
tr	10	""" That way , you would be more of an asset than a liability . """
tr	5	"Oh , I see , "" she nodded . """
tr	9	Since you 're going to History , would you mind taking this to Mr. Singer .
tr	8	That makes the killing a little easier , but I never enjoy it .
tr	10	""" Oh , "" Taylor chuckled , "" sorry for being so assumptions ."
tr	10	""" You might well be right , "" said the Commander "" leave it to me to sort ."
tr	5	""" Not exactly police , Sensual Intelligence Brigade , "" said Clarity ."
tr	8	"You want me to beat him up ? """
tr	10	and Manuel realized that he didn 't know Gordon 's last name .
tr	9	He pulled the slide back and looked in the chamber of each pistol .
tr	8	He cracked the top and took a long pull , draining it half-empty .
tr	8	Anguish exploded , obliterating all else .
tr	7	She abandoned her purse and duffle bag near Rick 's door .
tr	9	she asks , walking up to her daughter and running her hand through her hair .
tr	10	""" Let me do that for you . """
tr	6	Beyond it , the tunnel branched out into three corridors .
tr	6	""" Easy killer , me and the little one here were just becoming friends ."
tr	6	Caden 's hand slowly slipped up along my thigh , over my hip , to my waist .
tr	7	"Otherwise you will not make the deadline , "" Captain Jean gasped ."
tr	7	At 2000 metres in altitude he opened his parachute and veered his descent towards the fortress .
tr	6	""" You better believe it , "" said Mary Jane proudly , again displaying her perfect white teeth ."
tr	8	The more players there were on a field , the more injuries that there would be .
tr	5	Despite the public setting , I grabbed his lapels .
tr	7	Clancy peered deep into the guard 's eyes .
tr	7	Then he was moving again , and they followed three paces behind .
tr	10	His dilemma was that in hitting the economy he would also jeopardise jobs .
tr	9	She began to move towards the door .
tr	8	It was a Manchester accent and quite loud but it was nevertheless music to Mike 's ears .
tr	9	""" I mean whatever has happened , it 's because of us ."
tr	10	""" I don 't mind paying for orbital ships , "" he drawled ."
tr	8	Noah accepted the food and then several more that Bump caught .
tr	5	At that point , he disabled the camera .
tr	7	This whole week we prayed for you , and that boy .
tr	11	So the peasant farmers needed to keep the enemy at bay until the relief detachment could arrive .
tr	10	"You have found what you were looking for . """
tr	10	He yearned to help him but didn 't know what he could do .
tr	7	He motioned to Kurt , and the condemned turned .
tr	9	""" Well if that is not just like you ! """
tr	6	""" I remember you , "" she said , hands trembling ."
tr	10	He killed the engine , but remained in the driver 's seat , lost in thought .
tr	9	Noah liked how Daniel was so much more confident then he had been several months ago .
tr	5	""" Electromagnetic spike , "" the sensor operator yelled ."
tr	8	' Sorry to hear that . '
tr	8	There were three types of needles available .
tr	6	From the conning tower , Wolff and Richter surveyed the headland through binoculars .
tr	8	Landon watched her face contort in pain , lips parting to say something .
tr	6	Bron shifted on his mount .
tr	11	""" Did you want to ask me anything or are we done ? """
tr	10	As desperately alone and abandoned as that news made him feel , a part of him hoped it was true .
tr	7	Trae focused more of his attention on the car .
tr	11	""" Okay let me see if I 've got this right ."
tr	6	The boys are on the ball .
tr	6	"Your eyes are not the same ... your skin is silver and strange . """
tr	9	I thought they were for her scrapbooking business .
tr	11	Zook shouted , trying to push through them .
tr	11	This is where all humans are supposed to be .
tr	11	"Do you know where she lives ? """
tr	9	""" Then you had best take me to see Master Finan . """
tr	9	I need to get going .
tr	8	Now I , being a wise and cosmopolitan kind of guy ... REALLY ?
tr	8	"Then the bombshell : "" I 'm letting you go . """
tr	6	The young woman was back with another pitcher .
tr	10	""" Awesome , "" Gabe says as the boy turns and stalks away into the house ."
tr	8	It was like a marriage in that respect , albeit a severely dysfunctional one .
tr	8	Oh , and I 'd better get dressed so I 'm not in pajamas .
tr	6	""" But "" "" Go , "" Vane growled , "" and have a good birthday . """
tr	10	Her arm showed what looked like a bright red burn .
tr	11	Just as panic was starting to set in , the world snapped back into place .
tr	5	""" Two minutes ago , it still was last night . """
tr	7	Tommy peered around the blue branches and watched .
tr	9	These were loaned annually to St. Mary 's church for the collection of Christmas toys .
tr	7	The long awaited song has come down from the north .
tr	7	""" The Baroness goes free regardless of the outcome , "" Destro stated flatly ."
tr	9	They must first decide where to move .
tr	11	"The Ensign said , "" I 'm sorry sir ; Captain Bright didn 't expect you to arrive by private yacht ."
tr	11	He spun around to check his surroundings for any sign of movement .
tr	6	""" No , leave it , just in case it was a guess ."
tr	9	This observation prompted Simon to quickly excuse himself and sprint back home .
tr	9	To be truthful , I was not particularly comfortable with confined underground spaces either .
tr	5	""" No , I was not , Doctor , "" said the sergeant firmly ."
tr	6	""" A single mitten is enough , "" Ziggy explained , "" but wearing everything clarifies the signal . """
tr	9	"Some humans we 'll enslave ... most will die . """
tr	9	Echo didn 't flinch , he was too intent on making the psychic connection .
tr	10	The tranquillity clashed with Claire 's urgency to be moving .
tr	9	He walked to the opposite end of the glade and turned to face me .
tr	9	Cade nodded his approval and led her deeper into the city with the wave of the disinterested guard .
tr	7	Never once did his anger or impatience get the better of him then .
tr	7	When he finished the water , he took his sweet time standing up .
tr	8	""" Don 't you know how Gifted you are , my child ? """
tr	10	Adele bent to touch Eda 's shoulder lightly .
tr	7	Each considered her words for a brief moment , and then Christy and Jessica went upstairs .
tr	7	"Damian still loves me , he wears me in his soul all the time . """
tr	10	He took a couple of steps closer to where Kim and the DARPA officer sat .
tr	9	"Let me tell the whole of it . """
tr	7	""" Sorry about the ribs , kid , "" Mark added ."
tr	8	The gnarled roots will hide us and act as a barrier .
tr	6	""" Perhaps , "" he said , "" we should discuss our arrangements , then . """
tr	8	""" What was he doing in ... , "" the stress making her Polish accent stronger ."
tr	9	He would take his stuff from his parents ' house and leave .
tr	9	His expression sobered when he looked around the room .
tr	11	He had thought to find a few hovels , but not the self contained village that thrived before him .
tr	9	His scouts will be arriving in two hours and his main force not long afterward .
tr	7	""" The head of the arrow is still in his shoulder , "" he said ."
tr	8	""" If I left the watchtower unmanned , I would be a poor marcher lord indeed . """
tr	10	""" I 'm going home - catch up when you can ! """
tr	8	The house was filled to capacity , and Mac 's bed was the couch in the living room .
tr	8	Burning with hatred and potential violence , she resisted him with a memorable animosity .
tr	11	Jim never addressed me as George so I knew he was distracted .
tr	9	John 's scream was drowned out by the crash of the chair as it hit the floor .
tr	9	"His speech is clear and he insists upon presiding over the tribunal himself . """
tr	8	Smoke was coming off Jimmy 's arms and legs .
tr	10	Ryan asked the scientist who smiled back at Ryan .
tr	6	Tuck felt it too , now , and he and I stood .
tr	6	' Yes , well I didn 't actually know my mum had a history then .
tr	7	Rand looked startled at the question .
tr	7	Dad kicked the crate out of his way and approached Peyton .
tr	10	There could be no doubt of course that the bodyguard was behind it .
tr	9	My new friend isn 't afraid to try different activity .
tr	8	Therefore , as far as the ranger was concerned , that was the end of it .
tr	6	""" I did not ... "" "" Enough , Bron , the subject becomes tiresome . """
tr	11	Her father assumed she had been laid off for performance reasons .
tr	7	"I am the President of the university , after all . """
tr	6	""" But it just goes to a recording . """
tr	8	He says I 'm his inspiration .
tr	7	Hai Hai eyed the priest 's stupid grin and twitched her whiskers in annoyance .
tr	10	Customers streamed in and out of the caf , a sea of strangers , but none of them were Malcolm .
tr	7	But then the pan rose over my head , and I brought it down .
tr	6	Parked just outside the door was a deep blue , almost black Mini Cooper club wagon .
tr	10	Those responsible were to be caught and made an example of .
tr	9	""" I want to see something from the Roman Empire ."
tr	5	""" This is not a good idea ! """
tr	7	I said angry to them and entered my room .
tr	7	Following behind their group , I jumped from room to room and picked off stragglers .
tr	10	"Louis , what do you mean ? """
tr	10	Claire felt the seriousness pass , heralding a return to the lightness of friendship .
tr	9	He glanced around and behind him , as if searching for someone .
tr	11	"Then she thought to herself , "" What would Essa do ? """
tr	10	He could only hope the feeling would fade , once they were away from this place .
tr	8	I got in a few days ago , but it isn 't my first trip to Colorado .
tr	9	"he was a mistake , we thought he was you and they followed me to him . """
tr	10	It was the best I could hope for .
tr	10	The sun was high when she topped a rise and saw below her two buildings .
tr	11	He seemed to grow agitated as he spoke .
tr	8	""" Well , "" he said "" lots of activity in the last few days ."
tr	8	I reached into my pockets and pulled out the shock gloves I purchased on my way here .
tr	8	Merkel nodded over to the line of dead men by the Osprey .
tr	8	It was a man-made structure created from brick and steel .
tr	10	It was darker in here , Ricky was thinking but he could smell that dog .
tr	7	""" I have looked everywhere but I cannot find her . """
tr	9	The shelves and floor displays were still stocked with lots of merchandise .
tr	7	Lukas also grabbed the pool cue case and swung it over his shoulder , and headed for the roof .
tr	7	But then , without retrieving his sword , he turned awkwardly and swung at her .
tr	10	You could change a lot more than you intended and not necessarily for the better .
tr	8	Eyes of fire watched her like an eagle watched a mouse .
tr	7	He saw a taller , brown haired man and a shorter , dark haired man .
tr	8	Like Mike , they were gone , cut down by a speeding ambulance eleven months earlier .
tr	10	And Layla had sworn in God 's name that she would wear it always .
tr	5	""" The so-called super soldier program , "" Destro acknowledged ."
tr	8	""" However , he and my daughter must go back to bed , now . """
tr	9	There was a lot of shooting and many men died , his father was fortunate to have survived .
tr	5	""" General quarters , general quarters , "" yelled the box ."
tr	9	Tsubasa said nothing more , starting into space and stroking his chin .
tr	8	"The bloody turkey only just fits in the Aga and there 's only ten of us ! """
tr	10	It made me nod without thinking .
tr	8	Ali knew a shooter when he saw one .
tr	11	That must be the door that hed to the catacombs .
tr	11	""" I be keepin ' me head down , gettin ' the lay of the land , "" he began ."
tr	9	He 'd been there hundreds of times and it never changed .
tr	8	' I thought we did amazing .
tr	9	You 're the very boy who retrieved my precious mask !
tr	5	But in the end , they were not father and son !
tr	11	""" Sure , I think I could choke down one of your brownies today . """
tr	8	""" He has locked the medical lab and he is ... torturing the staff ."
tr	9	""" We should be okay to leave . """
tr	7	With each new insight I learned , I stole a portion of energy from the inn into myself like a sponge .
tr	9	There 's the main house and some outbuildings , doesn 't look as though they 've guards outside .
tr	9	Andy turned over the pages until he got to thirty .
tr	7	""" Why didn 't you go do your hair , "" Mrs. Collins said ."
tr	6	""" I was in a fight today , well actually three fights . """
tr	6	He walks around the bed .
tr	7	""" You 're ... "" "" Very old , yes . """
tr	10	"Well , then who was in charge ? """
tr	6	""" That 's interesting , "" said 007 ."
tr	11	They took turns stepping with their one good leg .
tr	8	Behind him a scowl darkened the face of the Watcher , and his hand clenched on his sword .
tr	8	Valerie moans as she pulls back .
tr	5	Chapter 29 For a moment , everything stopped , and my heart clenched .
tr	10	Her black eyes glowed with remembering the happiness of her childhood .
tr	9	"Tim raised his hand again and Reggie nodded , "" What about those borders ?"
tr	6	Red and his partner both shoulder their rifles , take aim and growl menacingly .
tr	11	Jimmy asked , trying to see around Mark .
tr	8	""" As it is yours , not mine , I did not , "" Mana answered ."
tr	10	It was no longer a phrase to be thrown around lightly .
tr	8	I might just as well make the best of it .
tr	9	"It was like watching cows chewing cud all day long . """
tr	11	""" Let me know if you need anything ."
tr	6	""" That is a good start , John ."
tr	10	Kevin had impressed Missy the first time they came down here with how well he knew the caves .
tr	10	The woman smiled , dispersing a legion of crow 's feet across her copper cheeks .
tr	11	Confused I continue to walk with no clear destination in mind .
tr	6	He still felt heavily the blood on his hands .
tr	8	"This is hardly the time or the place for such formalities . """
tr	10	Nonetheless , I , and her mother are praying that you can influence her .
tr	9	A horrible roar courses through Jason 's mind and his eyes white out as he drifts through the universe .
tr	11	No one spoke much as each had made preparations to depart .
tr	7	"If everyone puts out enough effort , we 'll quit then . """
tr	11	""" We don 't really know there 's poison on it ."
tr	11	All Soul could hear was a throbbing in her head .
tr	10	She hadn 't thought he had it in him .
tr	7	""" I don 't trust him , "" Jimmy pouted ."
tr	8	They have gravity on their ships , he thought in amazement .
tr	6	I wake up , ' answered Billy , rather bluntly , finishing the story all too abruptly .
tr	8	""" In any case , both of your descriptions will no doubt be circulated , as will mine . """
tr	10	Mac recognized one of the paintings she described .
tr	6	""" I never saw a wedding , "" Gage glances over and gives a mischievous half-smile ."
tr	11	"Remember that promise I make to you . """
tr	6	""" But there isn 't a third Guardian , "" cried Bryony ."
tr	10	   September 17 , 1621 What is that woman up to ?
tr	5	""" Oh yes , Father and I are great friends these days ."
tr	10	All the guards so far had eyed them suspiciously , but made no attempt to question them or impede their progress .
tr	7	The next day at lunch break , Mrs. Jones returned the bags to Tori , Daniel , Stacy and Sarah .
tr	5	""" Authorizing Rick , I guess so ."
tr	9	Rob grabbed his key off the dresser and stuck it in a little zippered pocket on his suit .
tr	11	Alvin didn 't tell them about what happened to Nina .
tr	8	He quickly learned this path was not a long one .
tr	8	"They 're impossible to sink . """
tr	10	' I thought you liked Christine in the end . '
tr	7	He let the sickle end slam to the ground and held the opposite end with the chain .
tr	6	A messy punch , with all the impact and none of the effect .
tr	9	From his high vantage point on top of the bus , Ted could see over the wall .
tr	9	""" I never should have said that to you , you use that expression too much now . """
tr	7	""" Well , if we need more people , then perhaps we should put out the word to the other settlements ."
tr	6	""" The bomb was rigged , "" said Toby ."
tr	11	"Taking a moment to catch Sykes ' eye , he added , "" It was pilot error . """
tr	8	And if I spin my net just right , I might make the catch of a lifetime .
tr	10	He could take no pleasure in sharing the anecdote now ; somehow it too had become a half lie .
tr	9	* * * I wake up on the roof and notice my gloves are gone .
tr	10	It was probably as good a time as any to set his plan in motion .
tr	6	faded with time ... ... .
tr	8	""" Old in body , but older in the soul ; I would not let you kiss me ."
tr	9	After the sorrow for my fake death quiets down , he 'll start changing things , you mark my words .
tr	6	""" We didn 't know ; the fissure was too immense ."
tr	11	I knew he had to be powerful .
tr	8	The cave was approximately 20 metres deep with a boulder at the opposite end .
tr	5	""" Check the doors and windows . """
tr	9	""" I 'm Shannon , "" the amazing creature said , holding out one perfect hand towards Stalin ."
tr	5	Fear , shame , hatred , guilt , helplessness , sorrow , grief .
tr	6	""" As gorgeous as I do now , but a very different shade of skin . """
tr	8	He rode away , spraying dirt on his guard .
tr	10	Brand was surprised at how obedient Midnight was , but Hilda had ridden with the horse peoples and knew their tricks .
tr	7	' I 'll have a drink , ' he said to himself , and rose for the corridor .
tr	9	Riesling watched how she took the warning , but her expression was flat as slate .
tr	11	Sebastian decided to make the best of the moment and went dancing .
tr	8	""" I know what you mean , "" She replied ."
tr	6	"Will there be anything else sir ? """
tr	7	"As long as there was "" Mac gas , "" they would give off their own light ."
tr	10	""" I know you wouldn 't hurt me , "" she tried again ."
tr	7	""" I ain 't yet heard the evidence , "" Billy said with authority ."
tr	7	Elaina watched them both , puzzled .
tr	5	But tonight I need distraction .
tr	8	He hit flesh with the blade before it struck the hollow bark .
tr	8	' They could tip the balance in our favour . '
tr	9	""" Now then , perhaps a repast while we discuss things , eh ? """
tr	11	The Somerset later sank in a storm , its crew taken captive and exchanged for American prisoners .
tr	6	' Yeah but we only need five rooms , ' Calvin pointed out .
tr	7	"That was one unhappy clown . """
tr	8	On either side of the river the banks rose like cliffs making the city quite impregnable .
tr	8	He was alive and mumbled at times but he could not get to his feet .
tr	9	I plan to detail my recommendations for this problem in a separate report .
tr	8	This last assertion wins a chuckle from Gabe , but , more importantly , he stops asking me stupid questions .
tr	11	"You kill them right away so they don 't take over your planet and mess up your national monuments . """
tr	11	""" I would be surprised if you would know of this ."
tr	7	If the place wasn 't so creepy , it 'd actually be kinda cool .
tr	10	She had expected the attic room to be dreary , but it was painted white inside .
tr	6	Finan woke just after dawn .
tr	6	When he straightened , winded , another blow drove him to his knees .
tr	11	Yes , even this summer he went to find stillness amid the fields and forests of Switzerland .
tr	8	""" She 's on the other side of the door ."
tr	5	They obeyed , but only reluctantly , cutting loose their hard begot captive .
tr	8	They 're almost always second sons without a chance of inheritance .
tr	8	A faint source of light peeks downward from somewhere above as the rising water works its way to the stairwell .
tr	9	A quick look to the mountains on their right confirmed they 'd covered a considerable distance .
tr	7	An image of Noah Hearst 's very pale , grieving parents flashed through his mind and he sighed .
tr	8	""" What do you want to drink ? """
tr	8	He nodded , turned , dropped to one knee and let out a volley of shots .
tr	7	Reid had served with the 3rd Battalion 6th Marines at Camp Lejeune , in North Carolina .
tr	8	Without dwelling on this conundrum , he gave a quick bow and replied with a short , sharp and compliant reply .
tr	11	"I just came down ' cause I heard noise , "" Tori lied ."
tr	8	How else could anyone explain some of the descriptions ?
tr	8	""" Are you familiar with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ? """
tr	9	Lacking alternatives , we scrambled up the rungs after our impetuous friend , our sheathed sabers rattling behind us .
tr	10	"Beppe you should know better than to ask that question . """
tr	9	Chills soon racked my body and sweat soaked the bed sheets beneath me .
tr	7	There was only one other exit on the thirteenth floor .
tr	9	"Falconer said , "" Whoever else is still alive uses arrowheads like this ."
tr	8	It would not be long before her child came .
tr	6	The trophy presentation lasted longer than anticipated .
tr	8	""" You 're full of surprises , "" said Viv as Jennie pointed the Range Rover towards home ."
tr	5	' Not very good work , though , ' he opined .
tr	9	He looked pale but otherwise seemed to be his normal self .
tr	6	Shimmer was safe and whole and that mattered more to her than her wounded back .
tr	11	Manuel might as well have skipped school as far as learning was concerned .
tr	9	"Nathan thought for a moment and then nodded approvingly , "" Good ."
tr	9	Luckily , Jessie took a lot of hi-res pictures of each tunnel and intersection .
tr	11	"But if a man must live in the war camps of women , he can expect such things . """
tr	5	", "" ' Lo growls ."
tr	9	"She hold her breath and continued , "" I saw it in my dreams ."
tr	8	The cops came by and asked the protestors very nicely to go .
tr	10	Mother tells me this is your job now and that you 've left AJC .
tr	7	The small groups of musicians played music and whisked me back to the 1800s .
tr	6	"Not commoner , not peasant , not noble , and definitely not Queen . """
tr	6	The faint lights ( rust red , tan , yellow and white ) flicked on and off in pre-determined patterns .
tr	7	The dark man loosened a rope , threaded it through the eaves with a loop and then carefully lowered it .
tr	6	""" There , "" she said and pointed toward the north ."
tr	8	My legs still ached from my climb up the tower in the Notre Dame .
tr	8	"She suggested , "" make sure I stay out of trouble . """
tr	6	"I 've got news . """
tr	9	""" I 've never heard some of those words before and yet here they are in my dream ."
tr	5	""" That he was a narrow-minded , hidebound , anachronistic , egotistical bastard . """
tr	8	All I care about right now is getting all of our equipment up here .
tr	10	But since you 're doing a great job destroying my image , please continue .
tr	9	""" She promised to open the gates to the warriors ."
tr	11	You will remember that I offered her my hand and heart before you did .
tr	8	They sat there for half an hour and just looked at pictures and read the captions out loud .
tr	9	Sarah placed the toasted biscuits on a plate with a dish of jam and goat butter and set them between them .
tr	7	He picked one up , cracked it in half , and then did the same to the next .
tr	7	For some time after , years in fact , Margaret had cared for George through his depression .
tr	6	One ... Two ... Three ... Four ... Five ... Six ... Seven ... Eight ... Nine ... Ten .
tr	5	At this point , higher brain functions are significantly diminished .
tr	9	Brogan snapped his fingers and a page appeared at his elbow .
tr	5	""" A younger , stupider , me just never saw it . """
tr	8	The winds had picked up and the ship cleaved the water , leaving a white trail behind .
tr	7	I slid the needle under the man 's skin .
tr	5	""" Yes , Roberto , those are beautiful words ."
tr	5	""" T.P. their room ? """
tr	8	We 've been seeing each other for a long time now .
tr	8	The working man 's club , great for cheesy cover bands and cheap drinks , lay across from the bus stop .
tr	9	The Devil tumbled through the air , lying where he fell .
tr	9	But as long as I 'm with my violin , it feels like home .
tr	7	""" Okay , but if anything goes wrong , you just hit the ground and stay there ."
tr	11	I slipped out of my clothes and stuffed them into a bag to be incinerated .
tr	5	""" You are safe , Pedro ! """
tr	7	""" Then there was Mary from the airport office ."
tr	7	They arrived back at the pass and made their way across to the other side .
tr	10	Rift finds himself reeling as Mai 's warnings consistently come too late .
tr	11	""" I wonder if I 'll ever remember what happened . """
tr	9	""" Then no , I don 't know what a Cloak is ."
tr	5	""" How do you feel ? """
tr	8	As they came closer they took on the more recognisable form of horse and rider .
tr	7	""" Like three hundred volts of electricity were poured through my body ."
tr	9	After that , what happened was out of my hands .
tr	11	Bookstores always had parchment , quills , and ink in addition to any volumes they 'd invested in .
tr	8	Curios of her curiosity , Sofia went to the crowd , leaving the group behind without a notice .
tr	11	"Are you intending to invade Canada ? """
tr	6	Kissing stimulates cardiovascular activity , lowers cholesterol , and decreases high blood pressure .
tr	9	Not even large bodies of water were frightening to her , the sea was beautiful !
tr	7	Jimmy then started unwrapping his burger .
tr	10	Kenji could tell she was failing fast .
tr	6	""" No -- I ... I mean , I don 't know . """
tr	6	""" They are not too far , "" the Adventurous gave him a reluctant hint ."
tr	5	Well then , rest easy .
tr	5	Plan ' B ' , use English .
tr	8	Looking down ... ... pretty much on target ... . .
tr	8	To make matters worse , the traitorous Joseph was gone upon our return .
tr	8	""" You mean you never even came close ? """
tr	10	Take it for granted from this point forward that whatever is talked about will get to Sampson .
tr	8	I used to be idealistic , like you .
tr	7	These abnormal activities include many mythological beast , folk lore creatures and magic interfering with ordinary people 's sedimentary lives .
tr	11	I listened closely and felt relieved by what Allan had just said .
tr	6	She put her mug down and stared out the window .
tr	9	This cave became known as the Cave of the Survivors .
tr	6	The upper floors overhung the ground-level entry , creating a narrow carport barely big enough for a family sedan .
tr	10	"I never meant , of course , that you should be forbidden entry . """
tr	10	If you choose to die later you still have the possibility of survival .
tr	9	"Ron is wise , but as you know his game is politics and marketing spin , "" said Alfred ."
tr	9	He 'd immediately flown back to Managua and was now awaiting instructions from George .
tr	7	Jen lay on the couch , head in Georges lap .
tr	8	""" Could you be a little more single minded , please ? """
tr	10	""" I have to get us out of here , there is no other way . """
tr	8	They seemed like two sides of the same coin .
tr	6	I sat frozen , Godard 's words ringing in my ears .
tr	11	The group spent a considerable time debating how they would approach this task .
tr	11	When it was done , Destro stood shakily , leaving the knife buried in the man 's head .
tr	7	At Teddy 's command I just pressed my stop watch and then carried serenely on , but everyone else went ballistic .
tr	9	She was afraid to look again .
tr	7	""" This is messed up , "" Kendall said , breaking the silence ."
tr	8	""" Only you can help yourself my sweet , just try to forget her ."
tr	6	Occasionally , between his other pursuits , he finds a nice quiet place and writes .
tr	6	The Doctor went on , quietly and reflectively , ' But his injuries .
tr	7	""" I 'm having my lunch first . """
tr	7	Her parents were never home in the morning .
tr	6	"The Creek restaurant , by the Brandywine Creek river , advertised a "" fabulous view over the river . """
tr	7	""" You two can go now , "" I said giving them another push ."
tr	11	We took comfort in knowing our relationship had solidified into granite .
tr	8	It was the wrong tone to take .
tr	8	Henry is boxed up and tucked away in two pages .
tr	8	He turned down a gravel lane , and I continued towards the city as night fell .
tr	7	"As the daughter of our brother Knight , she at least deserves that much consideration . """
tr	9	""" Okay , then why do we still feel pleasure at times ? """
tr	10	"He said , "" If I had a team it would be a piece of cake ."
tr	10	""" Are you sure there were no Unknowns on it ? """
tr	7	""" All right , "" Taylor answered a bit skeptically , "" You are on ."
tr	11	""" Fetch my smock , "" he ordered a nearby private , who was sitting on the ground , sunning himself ."
tr	10	From Rupert 's lessons I knew this to be the route towards the southern tower .
tr	5	' Ten , ' the German Bastian Hunter replied steadily .
tr	6	""" Shh , it 's just me , "" a tiny voice said next to my ear ."
tr	8	""" Yeah , well , I got ta go again ."
tr	5	""" It is , "" says the king , his voice gruff ."
tr	6	Several minutes later , the voice of the real captain roared over the deck .
tr	7	He raised a hand in farewell and gathered up his briefcase and wheeled bag .
tr	10	She wanted to reach out and -- she jerked her hand back to her side , hoping he had not noticed .
tr	7	Ethan could barely see the man 's face for the dim light cast by the electric lamps .
tr	7	""" We 're going the wrong way now , aren 't we ?"
tr	9	"It 'll take me two secs to saddle everybody up . """
tr	7	But to the great credit of your close relatives and you yourselves you have overcome everything .
tr	10	""" We don 't know what 's behind it . """
tr	9	I nodded and raced across the concourse , the katana in one hand and the Smith and Wesson in the other .
tr	9	He had managed to keep up his flying though .
tr	9	she spluttered , between giggles , ' it 's horrendous ' .
tr	5	""" And what would that be ? """
tr	9	He sometimes felt he was their servant , but they enjoyed it , and truthfully , so did he .
tr	10	""" I am sorry if I have overstepped my place . """
tr	6	""" Good work , Portugal , "" said Colonel Flood , and the young man looked gratified ."
tr	8	""" Don 't ever accuse her again to me , "" he said in a choked voice ."
tr	10	You could say they were lumberjacks , what a coincidence .
tr	8	For reminding him of that , Chris was grateful .
tr	10	I had to let you live your life .
tr	9	Fluted columns surrounded the facade , and a slight footman dashed down the wide stairs leading towards the front gate .
tr	7	But it was too late for regret , and confusion did nothing .
tr	6	The General on the other end finally eased off on his tirade .
tr	7	This sounded like a pack , or , more terrifyingly , something much , much larger .
tr	8	I whispered to him quietly , and his eyes flashed quietly in recognition and he lowered his head in submission .
tr	10	"Look at the mess you 've made ! """
tr	11	Her heart thumped as she saw it was 2pm .
tr	9	The leather from the most expensive pair of pants I owned fell to the ground .
tr	5	This guy was a nutcase !
tr	6	""" Provided , of course , they get there and the whole place isn 't already a bloodbath . """
tr	7	A page with brown hair and a liberal dusting of freckles appeared from inside the tent .
tr	10	' Mate it 's not her job to come to you .
tr	10	She forced herself to sit up and look toward the creaking sound .
tr	9	He realized what had freed them .
tr	6	""" I du n no , "" David said , frowning ."
tr	6	""" Just stay calm , "" said Alex , lifting his sword ."
tr	7	Then a good mow and putting in seeds .
tr	6	Opening it up he tipped out the contents onto the counter .
tr	11	Inside of the local , everything was made of white marble and the round tables adorned with flower vases .
tr	7	Pulling in through the wrought iron gates the house came into sight .
tr	7	""" Mother knows of it , "" said the first man ."
tr	6	She turned her face to me , easily scared .
tr	11	He paused to show her the side of his gun case .
tr	9	"I can be a pain in the ass sometimes . """
tr	7	Callie comes out with some good ones all the time .
tr	6	""" Sounds really exciting , the pink design , "" mumbled Jonesy shaking his head ."
tr	9	Press my fingers hard against my temples and feel the heat from my hands on each side of my face .
tr	8	Despite the attacks , Reggie was still surprised he lost .
tr	11	"Reggie continued , "" And you say we 're not ready for a war ."
tr	10	Rafe had retreated to his own place , holding out the bread and cheese to Adele again .
tr	6	""" Yeah , I thought that too , "" Tim replied ."
tr	11	Why hadn 't we picked English Lit so I could hold up a slim copy of poetry ?
tr	11	Sydney and Avril both wore poodle skirts and had their hair in ponytails .
tr	10	""" You are under some kind of spell and I 'm going to break it ! """
tr	7	It was obviously time for slapped wrists all around .
tr	7	Gabe is asleep in the other bed .
tr	10	I went back and gave the guy laying down another kick in the ribs .
tr	8	For the next hour they talked about what they did .
tr	6	""" Magnolia Boarding School , "" Tori said with a smile on her face ."
tr	7	"I retorted , "" Hell I 'm already an old salt . """
tr	9	The way he moved and the way he handled his weapons screamed to her .
tr	11	She circled around to his backside while Mariposa remained in front of him .
tr	5	Alejo felt his face heat .
tr	5	What was hers -- debt , disappointment , lost sleep , and guilt .
tr	6	No electric light was available , but there were big , bright candles .
tr	6	The loud hum reached a new crescendo , then suddenly the world went silent .
tr	11	Hear the tale I have to tell .
tr	11	I 'm thinking you 're afraid of me .
tr	10	"Later I will bring her to visit ... ... if she wants to of course . """
tr	8	David asked , his eyes still taking in the small stone cottage .
tr	8	All the major cities in the United States took at least one direct nuclear hit , and many more than one .
tr	7	""" Bet you have three cars , don 't you ? """
tr	8	I 'd seen the man ; not only was he an ugly brute , but he possessed a cruel nature .
tr	9	He draw near her and sat on the edge of the bed .
tr	7	When his corrupt form finally grew still , Anon grabbed the child 's hand and gently guided him into the Rift .
tr	7	King Ine did not look best pleased and sat in irritated silence for a moment .
tr	8	""" She is the definition of bizarre , "" said Toby , making Victoria laugh ."
tr	7	For a brief moment , I was reminded of our childhood together .
tr	8	As he pulled me upright , something clattered to the ground behind me .
tr	5	""" In proportion , Sir , and I see no proportion here . """
tr	10	""" We wanted to improve the civilisation of the Earth . """
tr	10	Then he pulled a stool close to where the first weak flames flickered around the wood .
tr	5	At least I 'm not the only solo traveller .
tr	11	"Do you remember hearing that ? """
tr	10	He wondered why she should lie there so motionless .
tr	11	Simon fell on the larger bed where he had slept the night before , overcome with his own wit .
tr	8	Eda glanced nervously from one to the other and then across at Adele .
tr	11	he screamed , which only caused her to laugh harder .
tr	7	"It 's ... well , it won 't work , is all . """
tr	9	So , here is the sign that I am officially hanging up my tool belt .
tr	6	Gabe sets the duffle bags onto the bed .
tr	8	Except maybe the idiots who let the ship get all the way from the fringe of space to Earth .
tr	11	Whoever came down that chimney was going to die .
tr	5	""" In our hot little black bags , "" electronics expert Hamilton Berger said cheerfully ."
tr	10	The lighting was subdued except for the individual spotlights highlighting certain items on the walls .
tr	7	On the table sat a pencil and a sheet of paper .
tr	11	""" It means another family has decided to stake a claim on our territory . """
tr	11	Cox Davis tied the boat to the hoists and was the last to climb on deck .
tr	6	"CHAPTER SEVEN : ALPHA GATE "" This knife , "" I said to the woman at the booth ."
tr	7	She respected him not only as her husband but also as a man .
tr	11	There was literally nothing within view that appeared normal to them except the human and a cup on the table .
tr	6	""" Don 't know , actually , "" said Colin , and poured himself some more coffee from the silver pitcher ."
tr	6	That night , around the campfire , they talked about their favorite foods .
tr	7	I paused , pressed my fingers against it and stood back .
tr	6	"I mean , it is and it isn 't , "" Tessa was slightly flustered and pulled out another one ."
tr	8	Glimmer of Hope Glimmer of Hope Copyright  2012 by Charles R. King .
tr	8	"don 't even try to answer that , Viv , it 's purely rhetorical . """
tr	7	The dogs were getting close and I was getting extremely tired , my legs were numb and my head ached terribly .
tr	8	These were the thoughts that he struggled with .
tr	10	If she wanted to forgive him .
tr	8	A narrow walkway circled the top of the Eiffel , and the city of Paris was spread out before me .
tr	6	A short time later , we emerged in a huge cavern , bigger than the shopping mall downtown .
tr	7	Probably got more worked up about that than was rational .
tr	10	"You said you wanted to move . """
tr	6	I ran back up the stairs and dug out my smallest gown .
tr	9	When Rupert had finished praying , Alejo felt too weak to get up just yet .
tr	7	Another ruffled the hair above my left ear .
tr	8	I hesitated before voicing the next question .
tr	9	They had also taken endless amusement at his long adjustment to zero G .
tr	7	Early that morning , in the twilight of dawn , Wolf Eyes was sleeping restlessly because of a dream .
tr	11	They looked like little black squishy balls , which they put on a cracker .
tr	9	The paper was blank except for Amanda Carter 's London telephone number .
tr	8	How strange that the world could look so totally different , he marveled , from one day to the next .
tr	7	Everyone else took places at the table and the servants came in immediately with the first course .
tr	5	""" Yeah , sometimes the time change still messes me up . """
tr	6	""" Did you kill the angel ? """
tr	6	""" These pants are just fine , "" I huff ."
tr	6	I 'd said yes to Taylor the first time , and the second , even the tenth and eleventh .
tr	9	Now the harbour is sited along the banks of the river Witham .
tr	10	He noticed something else that was tripping him out .
tr	9	There was nothing in there but rocks .
tr	7	"Starting with you , "" she said , went to Tori and stuck her hand out ."
tr	11	Mary had to jog to keep up .
tr	11	""" I hate it when you say that , "" Sarah said , gathering dishes to take to the kitchen ."
tr	10	But you have to stop blaming yourself .
tr	8	In unnecessary matters be not over curious , and in many of his works thou shalt not be inquisitive .
tr	8	I had , however , found no trace of the silver tabby .
tr	9	"And let 's use every minute that we find ourselves in this wonderful place . """
tr	10	Or they didn 't like the order they were given .
tr	6	Laying its ears back , the animal took off after the stallion .
tr	8	Dad didn 't know the half of it .
tr	11	They 're looting , killing , and doing God knows what else .
tr	8	Most have it in them when called upon .
tr	9	It felt as stable as a deckchair when she put her weight on it .
tr	9	""" Would you rather they had left us out ? """
tr	9	""" I 'm very sorry but they didn 't know who you were . """
tr	8	Or she could wear it on her left , and the proposal was accepted .
tr	6	""" Thanks , Herb , Everything going OK ?"
tr	8	A huge pillar of smoke erupts from the surface of the desert .
tr	11	They said they were waiting for me to arrive .
tr	11	He nodded , afraid to try himself , despite the earlier shout .
tr	11	No , I would have gladly given Vella his empire in exchange for my dear fresh and blood girl .
tr	6	""" We told you , "" Lucas answered , "" we 're lost . """
tr	8	It was undoubtedly being transmitted to the entire complex .
tr	7	Rafe grinned and relaxed back into his chair .
tr	8	He had one of the puppies with him but couldn 't find the other .
tr	9	Again , and again his mind was brought back to reality by the continuous beeping of monitors .
tr	10	I didn 't had much to say about this , now that cards are shown .
tr	7	The first arrow hit his left leg , the one away from the river .
tr	5	' Oh , yes , my lord , ' said the clerk .
tr	9	The man cleaning windows at the ice cream parlor saw Chris walk by and waved .
tr	10	""" And can you get me a couple in that old-timey sepia ? """
tr	8	We won 't let Grand touch you .
tr	8	When they got to the house , David pulled John out of the saddle and handed him to Sarah .
tr	7	The drake landed some distance from the trespasser , her agitation decreased , and her color returned to normal .
tr	9	Strauss 's chronicled the progress of the scientist 's research and held detailed personal background information on him and his colleagues .
tr	5	"Chapter Three "" Anita , Chlo , this is my roommate Dean . """
tr	6	Perhaps a hundred feet down the hallway was a door .
tr	9	""" Our wardrobe 's not exactly the best , is it ? """
tr	10	Gerald asked her why she wasn 't in a private hospital ; surely her medical insurance would cover it .
tr	9	He heard the gentle clatter of ice floating in water , bumping against the plastic sides .
tr	6	There were no old Teddy Boy mates , no old school chums , no work mates , no nothing .
tr	5	""" I don 't really ... "" I begin ."
tr	7	"I invited Alexius to the castle for the meal , but if you want , I 'll send her away . """
tr	9	""" I mean , what a freak accident , right ?"
tr	8	Fiona walked out of the stall carrying two empty tea mugs .
tr	7	Gunnar 's neck had flushed red .
tr	7	She 'd left her own hardhat in the barn .
tr	8	We have at least a half-day 's head start on them .
tr	11	"Hopefully they will split their force and we will both have an easier time of avoiding them . """
tr	11	"Are you going to uphold that ? """
tr	8	James asked changing the topic , and easing the tension .
tr	5	""" Did you see the footprint ? """
tr	9	Moving toward the open field beyond the barn , Rift spots a farmhand busily scooping fodder with a hay fork .
tr	9	The fire burnt brightly and there were still two figures wrapped up beside its warmth , deep in sleep .
tr	9	She followed him again and this time she took the stairs to the third floor two at a time , too .
tr	5	' So , what 's our next move ? '
tr	11	""" I 'd tend to agree with that , "" Ghost agreed , inclining his head toward Penny ."
tr	6	""" The Vice President is in danger ! """
tr	11	Perhaps she underestimated the desire to be remembered forever , your legacy untouchable in the night sky .
tr	9	"Did you come to throw stones in me , again ? """
tr	11	That would only tire the animals , and they had to retain as much strength as possible .
tr	7	Roberto pulled her closer and kissed her , demanding .
tr	5	Yet , even on the third try , Jessie did not respond .
tr	9	""" He probably disabled all of the digital recorders in the country or something ."
tr	11	I knew what I was supposed to do .
tr	7	Once again , without a lot of thought , he walked down to the room and knocked on the door .
tr	11	No one was allowed to touch her mail or go through her things .
tr	7	""" She 's a tour guide ; she smiles for a living . """
tr	11	Others who had been standing beside the questioner moved quickly away .
tr	10	Calvin didn 't know where to look and guessed everyone else felt the same .
tr	10	his mate said nodding in the direction of Andy and Archie .
tr	7	The dot started to circle and she stopped humming .
tr	5	""" About two hundred , "" the jeweller replied ."
tr	8	It happened after only a few weeks of traveling .
tr	11	""" Errol , who are you talking to there ? """
tr	8	Sending messages from one brain to the other was awesome at first , as most new technology is .
tr	7	""" Hello William , "" said Jenny , returning to the office ."
tr	11	At first he thought he 'd been struck by lightning .
tr	10	said Sardines , struggling to get up .
tr	9	Sweat dripped down his forehead onto his tightly gripped sniper rifle perched over the edge .
tr	7	It 's dead before I land .
tr	5	""" Back off , sister , "" she states bluntly ."
tr	6	Reluctantly , the men assumed their sleeping positions , but the eerie howling noise haunted their dreams .
tr	7	With the exception of Signor Beppe , they all had a traditional full English breakfast .
tr	9	Somehow , because of her frailty he felt obligated to protect her .
tr	7	The tables , walls , and even the ceiling in this place were made of wood .
tr	5	"Forty-eight "" Oh , but I would . """
tr	10	She didn 't know what would happen next .
tr	5	The Embarcadero Center , the Russ Building , and the distinctive Transamerica Tower .
tr	7	""" You know where the Green House is ? """
tr	7	It was almost a normal noise , but Elaina couldn 't tell anymore .
tr	6	In the German states , in Austria , and throughout France , anger was brewing .
tr	10	' Ze girls I chatted to agree . '
tr	7	"A choice with that knowing is a lot easier to make . """
tr	8	"I brought you here and Damian Jones too , on this island on this case . """
tr	11	Of course , Sarah wasn 't sure how much was true and how much was him simply staying in character .
tr	7	Shielding his eyes against the early afternoon sun , Kurt paused outside the door and scanned the plaza spread before him .
tr	10	This rucksack is too heavy for carrying around in the sunshine .
tr	11	Elise wanted to lead & she could .
tr	10	"What makes a person who they are , is what they learn . """
tr	7	""" Yes , well , as I was saying , I was sailing with Captain Morgan ."
tr	8	"He 'll be all right , "" he added with the confidence of a child ."
tr	11	We all know Spinach is good for us but our taste buds don 't like Spinach .
tr	6	Thirteen Malcolm whispered in my ear .
tr	5	""" Bax , the egg , put it down ! """
tr	11	There was a general feeling of tension coming from everyone they passed .
tr	6	Let 's see ... the little ones are 25 tickets , medium are 50 , and the bigger ones are 100 .
tr	5	""" Just a conversation , Lena , "" Uncle Macon cautioned ."
tr	10	"I was hoping we could figure it out . """
tr	9	I motioned to welcome him but I was stopped by Shade 's outstretched arm .
tr	8	Both coffins fall out of Warrior 's belly and the dragon drifts slowly away .
tr	6	As for Harry and Peter ... that 's different .
tr	11	I am going to be a farmer from now on .
tr	7	In the middle of the chamber , there was a large pool of water .
tr	9	She titled the girl 's head to meet her gazed .
tr	8	Daniel paused to take a breath .
tr	10	I 'm sure the men are doing the same .
tr	7	The battery was probably dead , but it was worth a try .
tr	7	""" Oh , no , "" Cera retorted sarcastically , "" getting stabbed was just peachy , Cady ."
tr	7	When he looked down , his feet were crusted with soft sand .
tr	9	Objects do not have unique , individual spirits like we do , they have something more basic , more general .
tr	11	""" We have gathered all the remaining food and clothing we could manage ."
tr	8	""" Emergency Manual Lock Controls -- South "" said , the bright yellow stenciled lettering on the grey metal door ."
tr	7	He looked both ways , and then took off with a screech .
tr	7	Presently she was glaring through a doorway upon a weird scene .
tr	7	Lilly Ann looked at him thoughtfully and hesitated for a moment .
tr	11	Malcolm and Jolie had purposely led me to believe he had .
tr	9	""" Damn it , "" he muttered as he put the lid over the garbage ."
tr	10	It was Chris who had done all the changing .
tr	11	""" Please , "" he said , "" let me see Hilda before she goes ."
tr	11	He grabbed her throat , crushing a rising cry before it could escape .
tr	7	The stench from their sulphurous content tingled in her nostrils and seared her throat .
tr	9	The plush heart bobbed around wildly as he turned the key to Motel Room Number Six .
tr	6	""" Good afternoon , sir , "" she replied in mellifluous English ."
tr	11	I never saw anyone who could split wood like that guy either .
tr	8	Her eyes drank in that last sight of him , stalking away into the night .
tr	9	' And isn 't the University of Zurich close to here ? '
tr	8	""" I was from the yard with the pool ."
tr	10	The other reverberated like thunder as it too was shut heavily , and then footsteps running on gravel sounded outside .
tr	11	Sarah felt herself slide in and out of consciousness as she listened to the harsh voices .
tr	11	my eyes began to slowly close as I lost consciousness .
tr	6	Within seconds The Statesman landed next to the Dark Watcher , in the moving blackness .
tr	7	"If we 're wrong , we can always come back . """
tr	11	"We can take it to get to Cochabamba and warn my family . """
tr	10	The toughest brother was angry about the cactus needle protruding from his body .
tr	7	""" Hold them here , "" he told Merkel over the battalion net ."
tr	7	"How is that for rational ? """
tr	9	I said to her , and I pushed her inside , hitting her head on the mirror , cracking it .
tr	10	""" I 'm sure you 'll help us , Frank ."
tr	8	Before he could take three steps , Elaina ran after him .
tr	10	He watched as her eyes flashed away from her nails and looked up at him in mild surprise .
tr	11	She said she 'd give them up to the police if anything more happened .
tr	9	All that accomplished was putting a smile on Mr. Belvedere 's face -- fucking masochist .
tr	9	The snow had deepened to Brand 's thigh and Hilda 's calf .
tr	8	Major Bill Campbell watched over the room with concern on his face .
tr	11	""" Why are we out here , in the middle of nowhere , helping this guy ?"
tr	6	That attraction you 're feeling ?
tr	9	"I 'll request an official command change from Allan , I 'm sure he 'll concur . """
tr	7	She turned to him , excited , and her face fell .
tr	6	His head dipped down , full lips and sexy beauty mark at the corner dangerously close .
tr	7	They hesitated no longer , but at once rushed into the balcony , and from thence dropped into the garden .
tr	9	The word was dutifully obeyed and the small company gathered what they had salvaged .
tr	8	Her vision swirled as her blood pressure reached dangerous levels .
tr	9	""" First time in five hours I 've had a chance to sit , "" he said with a happy grin ."
tr	8	""" Yeah , Josie , you 're more of a man than Carlos is ! """
tr	8	, Neil tore open the back door , marched through the kitchen and ran into Riki .
tr	10	I 'm assuming Fuchs sent some orders to that .
tr	6	""" Seriously , this is annoying , "" Laila said with a tremble to her voice ."
tr	10	' She knows you 're with us lot . '
tr	6	What kind of a man was he ?
tr	9	Hailey grasped the wooden slate in front of her and began to climb .
tr	10	However , she quickly gave up and returned her gaze to me .
tr	11	Mr. Harrison will be in command of the ship in our absence .
tr	7	Fearing for my existence , my parents fled and took me into hiding .
tr	11	"Do you want me to demonstrate ? """
tr	8	""" You have to come now . """
tr	10	"I 'm thinking about swimming to them . """
tr	5	""" State you name and purpose , "" he said mechanically ."
tr	11	""" War ... Peter was going to take them to war , Johnny . """
tr	8	There was nothing else to be done .
tr	8	There was nowhere to take cover .
tr	10	"I thought you were out of the country for awhile . """
tr	8	I haven 't even seen it myself yet .
tr	9	"Take care of yourself and your family , OK ? """
tr	9	I had wondered briefly that morning which side he belonged to .
tr	5	""" OK , Davy Crockett , "" Abby snickered ."
tr	9	""" You didn 't know the Daemon was coming ."
tr	9	That is why I am the Firstborn and they were mere Brothers .
tr	10	It was still a little ways off , when they started to run .
tr	7	Chris still hadn 't figured out that one yet .
tr	5	By the evening , her condition hadn 't changed .
tr	10	The bell rang to end lunch and they got up to go back to class .
tr	10	He neither heard nor saw anyone else , but he decided not to admit that to the Prince .
tr	11	After she sank and for the next hundred years or so , a few attempts were made to raise her .
tr	7	Using a branch as a handle , he had removed all the bark and fashioned a slot .
tr	7	Each tree was twisted and grew in unexpected directions .
tr	6	Inside was a single , small , sturdy bed , a small table , a large wardrobe , and a crib .
tr	10	"We need to take care of this ourselves . """
tr	11	Simon knew that the boy had only moments to live .
tr	8	How the balance of elements was knocked askew .
tr	9	He found nothing but a couple of pens in the pocket on the pilot 's sleeve .
tr	7	As they looked south , a curtain of light shimmered before them .
tr	8	Stefano supported Simon 's order with a nodding of his head .
tr	7	Claire watched the mask slide back in place across his face and felt a heavy lump drop into her stomach .
tr	10	What was she supposed to do in a fight ?
tr	9	But like I 've only ever seen in a picture .
tr	6	' So ... er ... well , let 's give it another try , shall we ?
tr	11	"So it is in your own interest to learn to fly fast . """
tr	7	Captain Flaherty dialed in the brigade frequency inside the DEMON 's armored personnel housing .
tr	11	Big Man now pointed Nathan out to Mister One Eye , who regarded Nathan calmly .
tr	5	""" No there 's not , "" Daniel said ."
tr	9	He didn 't want to be disturbed .
tr	11	She couldn 't shake the image of a roiling mushroom cloud hovering over Moscow .
tr	9	The driver leaned on his horn , the sound also filling my car .
tr	8	Wheeling myself about , I examined it once more , and my hand felt the fissure in one bar .
tr	11	Connor hastened his pace to catch Lena inside the building .
tr	7	With that , the servant went back in and came back with a red star apple .
tr	11	006 entered the passive state of looking alive but not really being there during the reboot .
tr	8	"I mean , the ones that attacked ? """
tr	7	""" We don 't really have any choice , "" answered Butch ."
tr	7	The woman smiled and closed the door after us .
tr	8	Little Mink was armed with a spear , throwing stick and his war club .
tr	6	""" Well done , Sky , this is very good . """
tr	9	Alejo 's chest began to constrict , and he tried in vain to be rational .
tr	9	Only a blind fate could throw an untried girl into the world like this .
tr	7	Even bakery cookies would do in a pinch .
tr	7	   The next morning at six , the sailor was flogged .
tr	5	' Well , there 's one clean surface . '
tr	7	"Maybe you should stay home today and skip Spy Games . """
tr	11	""" So , George , who 's coming over for Xmas ? """
tr	6	My legs gave way , and I stumbled backward .
tr	8	David pulled away and looked into his wife 's eyes .
tr	11	asked Lex as they trudged through the gravel and roots of the stream bank .
tr	5	Despite the crime spree they weren 't a penny richer .
tr	9	Something was wrong with him , she thought but it just remained in her head .
tr	8	""" But I don 't quite understand it all , "" Alex admitted ."
tr	10	Suppose they must be about somewhere . '
tr	6	Of the many other archangels , only Michael , Raphael , and Gabriel have retained their foothold .
tr	7	""" We are now thirty-three days from our next flight , our problem ' decoy ' flight into space ."
tr	11	My mouth dried up , my heart hammered hard , and I screamed and ran back the way I 'd come .
tr	6	""" The quarter by the western gate ! """
tr	8	""" But -- aren 't we still being followed ? """
tr	7	""" Your father passed away six months ago , and your mother four months ago ."
tr	8	maybe we can get a couple of part timers for the heavier work during the day , any questions , no ?
tr	9	Eventually the truck swung into the forecourt shared by the units .
tr	6	He was still laughing but Missy was embarrassed .
tr	9	I 'm part of the Counter Terrorist Squad currently working out of Hereford .
tr	5	Banana , mango , and coconut trees hugged a golden , sandy beach .
tr	8	""" Blood and more blood and more blood !"
tr	8	I started to laugh , noticed Lars all red .
tr	10	"It would be nice to see her again . """
tr	6	""" I know all this , "" Aria sobs with frustration ."
tr	6	"After that we went into the drawing room . """
tr	8	I ripped open a second drawer , fighting back tears , looking for more current pictures .
tr	9	A veil covered her face and her skin covered was in thick dark scales .
tr	8	He had to find out .
tr	11	He decided to keep it as a keepsake of the battle .
tr	10	Fish couldn 't help but admire her perfect ass as she walked away from him .
tr	9	""" Mommy and Daddy aren 't going to wake up are they . """
tr	10	"There is not a single thing I like about you . """
tr	9	It was the pride of the village at stake .
tr	8	Joshua led everyone down to Kentucky Lake on the Tennessee side of the border .
tr	11	""" ' Tis strange , how far reaching it all has been , how even now its effects are felt . """
tr	7	""" He is going to Adele ? """
tr	7	I paused and glanced over my shoulder at the immortals .
tr	7	But nothing disturbed the silence of the thickets .
tr	11	His meagre frame and pale skin suggested he was not in the best of health .
tr	10	They believed the trucks were loaded with explosives .
tr	5	""" Only my interns , my staff , my patients , and my friends . """
tr	9	""" NO ONE IS GOING TO RESCUE YOU ! """
tr	7	""" We have protocols for everything . """
tr	7	""" We have lots of room ."
tr	6	On the massive iron doors next to them hung a huge lock .
tr	6	""" It 's show time , "" Tori whispered to herself ."
tr	7	Jacob asked , breaking his silence .
tr	7	""" Can I look in Mommy 's backpack too ? """
tr	9	She brought the box to her face , hating the sight of it .
tr	11	We thought it would be the safest place on the compound . '
tr	7	Rafe grasped his father 's hand tightly in his own .
tr	9	I 'm sorry to hear that .
tr	7	I kicked it off to the side and it landed behind a bush with a satisfying thud .
tr	7	""" If only I had known , "" she lamented with a laugh ."
tr	10	"We know each other too well now ta ever be keepin ' secrets from each other . """
tr	9	What they had felt special .
tr	9	He hadn 't survived so long by being an easy target .
tr	10	""" Yeah , but you 'll notice there aren 't any Pop-Tarts , "" Ted replied ."
tr	8	Suddenly her watch began to beep above the din of the bullet storm .
tr	7	She had been wrong , or maybe he had changed his mind .
tr	10	We needed to find somewhere to hide .
tr	10	The lost funds that have plunged us into anarchy are now being used to enslave us .
tr	7	When the promoter approached , Danny asked , ' How did we do ? '
tr	8	Whisper felt uneasy as in other missions he always had ample background information .
tr	10	Gabe 's voice is soft and shy , and he 's gone back to noticing the stars .
tr	8	They seem to be key .
tr	7	Gabe stiffens , and a wave of red goes through his aura .
tr	10	I guess she used all her words up when she first spoke .
tr	6	""" Let 's do some damage , "" Jim agreed , "" You 're driving ! """
tr	8	"His private philosophy was , "" If you can walk , you can fight . """
tr	10	And with that they both disappeared with the aid of the glasses .
tr	7	What if those people are still around ?
tr	10	It seemed to be listing to one side .
tr	9	We haven 't tried it on a policeman yet , but ... Oh !
tr	5	But I hardly have any cuts .
tr	7	In every direction below , small fragments from the sphere dropped to the bottom , setting everything ablaze .
tr	6	""" Just now , "" Jess said and sat in the couch ."
tr	8	Anything they might say would probably be useless to her .
tr	11	""" I expect , "" he replied , though he hoped that didn 't happen ."
tr	9	An empty picture frame stood adjacent to a dying cactus plant on the window sill .
tr	8	When he became king , David won many victories and his wise son , King Solomon built the most magnificent temple .
tr	10	He unwound his shirt , put it back on , and tried to wipe his muddy glasses on one sleeve .
tr	10	Think you are better than me ?
tr	10	""" Would have been nice to know ."
tr	8	""" Take your company forward and set up an all-around defense based on the destroyed bunker . """
tr	11	They did however , manage to transmit a short data stream back to the surface .
tr	11	As she crept forward , she paused periodically to check for danger around obstructions like dumpsters .
tr	10	"Trying to move into the power vacuum . """
tr	6	"Right in front of me . """
tr	6	Things should not come out .
tr	8	""" Victoria , Toby and I have some work to do ."
tr	6	A man in an iron breastplate got up from the campfire .
tr	10	""" Warrior , I need you to get into translocation range , "" Aria orders ."
tr	9	""" We don 't have enough smart and capable military men to protect our borders ."
tr	10	""" I wish I hadn 't done that , "" he mumbled aloud ."
tr	11	I saw a flicker of light and I felt a powerful force propel my victim into those behind him .
tr	8	With a big gesture for everyone to see she paused the lesson in progress from her teacher 's terminal .
tr	6	""" And he 's my father , "" I say ."
tr	8	It was shockingly peaceful and still compared to just moments before .
tr	6	""" I 'm not pregnant , baby , "" said Mary , inhaling the nicotine ."
tr	9	Or easy to work out .
tr	7	He covered the food with his hands and waited for an answer .
tr	5	""" Crush injuries , broken leg , ribs , possible collapsed lung and a shattered spine ."
tr	11	I went to boil some water for tea ; the mint always soothed me .
tr	9	She pulled the axe free and turned back to Mark wrestling with the dragon .
tr	10	His father believed in strict military discipline and having soldiers fight amongst themselves was seriously frowned upon .
tr	8	"Feel the balance of this thing , "" he said , handing it to David ."
tr	6	Once the dancing girls exited , a tall lanky man came out from a side curtain .
tr	5	""" Yes , Captain , what 's your condition ? """
tr	6	Not exactly a silver lining , but some small compensation anyway .
tr	8	As his window came down , the air conditioning of his Lexus kicked in harder as it fought the sweltering humidity .
tr	9	It was the hardest thing I ever did , but I 'm here .
tr	6	""" It 's the Night Watchman Express , "" Miriam replied ."
tr	7	""" If I wasn 't so tired , I 'd kill you right now . """
tr	8	""" The Sphinx warriors are different from us , perhaps you should meet with them tonight . """
tr	10	But Chris knew it was kind of his hobby .
tr	8	""" Really , Rafe , and here I was thinking I would rid you of your unwanted burden . """
tr	7	An hour later , all the horses had been fed and their stalls cleaned .
tr	10	He could hear nothing but the screaming sound of the idol .
tr	11	""" It 's hard to say where the rumors rise ."
tr	7	Rafe leaned against Finan 's horse in relief .
tr	9	They sold fresh vegetables and fruit or bread piled high in wicker baskets .
tr	6	I don 't recall another medical unit around here .
tr	8	""" We got most of the clothes and things on the list , "" he says ."
tr	6	Jonesy got his wish , and so did the whole crew aboard .
tr	9	""" Alex ... we are together "" "" Since when ?"
tr	5	""" It is not the pace , then . """
tr	10	""" We 'll have lots of details to work out , but in principle we 're in agreement ."
tr	9	""" Viv ... there 's little point in raking up the past ."
tr	7	""" We must leave this place before the coming morning ."
tr	11	Even in the dark the white launch made a conspicuous sight , I could hear Skipper barking as I swung alongside .
tr	6	""" What the hell kind of shields are these anyway ? """
tr	8	However , not all the animals you see are using the roadways for a life source .
tr	8	""" You said she was asleep ! """
tr	6	We again retrieved our gear , left the ship , and once more , boarded another train .
tr	9	"I guess someone in the crowd shot him with a tranquilizer gun . """
tr	11	The carriage pulled away and began winding its way through the streets of the capital .
tr	6	""" My lady , "" Zachary begins , his voice nervous ."
tr	11	I wanted to know if it was real .
tr	8	""" What are you talking about , Old One 's ? """
tr	5	"She 's a witness . """
tr	8	""" You should 've stayed out of this . """
tr	8	' Have you looked at it yet ? '
tr	5	At his insistent behest , we tried American poker next .
tr	9	The hydraulic closing mechanism on the heavy steel door swung it slowly shut behind her .
tr	6	""" We 'll explain everything ."
tr	10	He made note of how many , the layout of the house , and where Carol was being held .
tr	7	""" You know , "" Laurence started to talk ."
tr	11	They also had to meet at night so identities were difficult .
tr	9	The smoke from the pipe rose into the night air and disappeared out of the glow of the fire .
tr	7	""" Just a little of your time . """
tr	10	No one , absolutely no one , had ever dared to talk to him like that .
tr	8	"We 'll make you an aviator yet , "" said Archie ."
tr	10	There hadn 't been enough money to do everything .
tr	8	Rapidly locking onto the unfortunate duo , the creatures begin to encircle them .
tr	6	Beneath the turgid surface , the outline of her body writhed like a naked eel .
tr	11	The three Lizards smiled at each other as they guided Hailey to touch the fence .
tr	6	""" It 's not such a big deal , "" she said , her voice unsteady ."
tr	11	He did have another six days before the council 's imposed deadline , after all .
tr	11	"Now , let me talk to Neil quickly , since the sun will be coming up soon . """
tr	8	Soon he had everything ready except the fire .
tr	6	""" Your Grace , Lady Mage , would you kindly give us a moment ? """
tr	8	"No wonder no one believes we are wine merchants ! """
tr	9	"They made me first a lieutenant and then later a captain , because I handed them another well-known pirate . """
tr	10	Every few days the little house was visited by a guest of an entirely different sort .
tr	8	They waited some distance away for someone to come out .
tr	9	""" Yep , the only thing he can say is ' Steve ' . """
tr	6	The imperial office was just a means to that end .
tr	5	Yes , that 's right .
tr	9	"We need to let these two catch up , "" said Victoria ."
tr	7	A quick , sharp look from Jeff silenced the laughter from around the gym .
tr	5	Me , Gregory , Groom , Burke , Kowalski , Addison , and Perez .
tr	7	I have never seen the like in all my travels .
tr	8	"he hissed , "" What if someone hears you ? """
tr	7	Taylor ran his fingers over the highly polished wood surface .
tr	8	Just inside the door , the throbbing techno music reverberated inside her chest and the dim lighting confused her .
tr	8	I talk to grandma all the time .
tr	10	We need seven cubes up there to make our space station self-sufficient .
tr	9	"If Gabriel finds out , he 's going to have a cow . """
tr	10	"I didn 't forbid you to do that , "" she said happy , taking a drink from my vodka ."
tr	6	The beautiful couples dancing , the perfect atmosphere and music , the marvelous crystalline windows . .
tr	11	Abruptly the figure stopped struggling and sagged against the tree , breathing as deeply as Rand 's grip allowed .
tr	9	His younger daughter , Jessica , really did decode its clues with her own unique brand of curiosity .
tr	7	Taking a firmer grip on the latch , he applied a little force to the door .
tr	8	I pretend like nothing 's wrong .
tr	5	""" Abu , my brother , "" the leader just as happily greeted the other ."
tr	10	""" Lighten up cranky , what 's eating you ?"
tr	7	Those few left with paranormal abilities stayed in show business , fled the country or just disappeared .
tr	10	But Mariposa was refreshed and preparing to make her journey .
tr	6	This one was older , a little run down and next to the river .
tr	5	""" Let go , "" Katie whimpered and Sophie released her grasp ."
tr	7	Breakfast was the first order of business .
tr	8	""" Down the hatch , you two , "" Ricky said , gesturing toward the trap door ."
tr	10	"What you 'll have to do is to get as much help as you can . """
tr	9	She wasn 't far behind you when I caught up with her .
tr	9	The octagonal central atrium was roughly seventy feet in diameter and sixty feet in height .
tr	9	Especially my stupid mouth that suddenly opens and lets my whole world spill out .
tr	9	""" And then , afterward , you intend to come with us ? """
tr	9	"The doctor confirmed it two days ago , and I wanted to surprise you . """
tr	9	Make sure you impress them . '
tr	5	""" Slumber party then ? """
tr	10	""" Do you have something against Newton ? """
tr	6	""" Is it bad ? """
tr	8	The air flowed into my veins , catching in my throat by its coldness .
tr	10	They took turns washing up .
tr	6	Celine smiled , the expression a lazy promise , and let Max take and kiss her hand .
tr	8	"But we might be able to later . """
tr	7	""" As long as we can , I guess . """
tr	8	McElroy works for George Mudd in Brunei .
tr	8	"Okay , maybe not evolution exactly ; more like necessary evolvement for survival 's sake . """
tr	7	Was that why he was so unhappy ?
tr	6	It was too much , and I let out a chuckle .
tr	10	Police , walking the lane looking for skid marks perhaps ... . .
tr	9	Taylor didn 't quite know how to respond .
tr	9	His feet were dangling , and he could not tell how deep the hole was .
tr	9	Her life is about to change drastically .
tr	11	"Do you wan na go ? """
tr	7	""" Golf Charlie ; roger that , two meters , confirm rotational correction on visual , over . """
tr	9	He paused , shifted his gaze to Janet Carter 's wiry intensity , then away .
tr	9	Sofia smiled removing her hood and paused upon seeing him .
tr	9	"We haven 't the numbers to efficiently patrol . """
tr	5	"Hawk smiled , confiding , "" And so you did ."
tr	9	""" Perhaps if you told me from the start ? """
tr	8	""" Distrust is hard to shake ."
tr	10	""" Let 's get moving in five ."
tr	6	Aw , hell , Milton , please -- Claire , I said , please go back home .
tr	7	It had faded -- he was no longer a young man -- but it was still plain .
tr	9	He walked to the southern side of the bluff , around a large boulder and disappeared from sight .
tr	5	""" No , "" Jim said , "" Not really . """
tr	6	"It does not add up . """
tr	7	""" We 're on McCarthy road or street , I 'm not sure which ."
tr	6	""" Ahhh , "" Lena sounded out in protest ."
tr	7	That first week after his dad showed up , he stayed in his house and wouldn 't come out .
tr	8	He was attracted to her , but now was not the time for that .
tr	11	""" I don 't know what 's going on , but I know I 've made a horrible mistake . """
tr	7	""" Yeah , don 't mention it , "" Wilbur murmured ."
tr	8	"Congratulations , Melissa , you 're in possession of one very powerful document . """
tr	5	""" Hell yea , "" A woman 's voice added her two cents worth ."
tr	7	""" Because I 'm responsible for you . """
tr	11	They walked through the public areas where people lined up to buy tickets .
tr	11	""" I 'll not have all my bread stolen by the likes of you ! """
tr	7	I close the front door behind me , and follow Kayla 's dad into the living room .
tr	9	' Why haven 't I seen you here before then ? '
tr	11	"We 'll inform Eden his sister 's on her way . """
tr	8	Miriam said , turning towards him .
tr	11	Completely by accident , we 'd sent this man over the edge , although he must have been pretty close anyway .
tr	6	"You 're a scary kinda person , too , "" Link said as respectfully as possible ."
tr	7	""" Now , why don 't the three of you go and look for specimens ? """
tr	6	You did the right thing in the moment .
tr	6	""" So , by definition you 've rendered the ruling moot . """
tr	10	A refreshing sort of fiery breeze rushed through his veins , leaving him in a state of utter bliss .
tr	7	When the struggle was over , they grabbed me from behind and took me outside .
tr	10	He continued to his left , swirling in a circle with his back to the tree .
tr	9	I can see them in there , in that coke refrigerator behind you .
tr	7	"Chapter 5 -- Conquering Fate Timothy "" Brazen "" Walker never believed in fate ."
tr	7	This is peace by exhaustion .
tr	8	Simple as it was , it spoke volumes .
tr	5	""" Rain or shine , summer or winter , "" Catcher said ."
tr	9	she began straddling him with her enticing hips and he groaned softly .
tr	11	""" These wounds are beyond the skill of any in our keep , "" Lady Kenna grumbled bitterly ."
tr	7	' I 'd better finish this one off , ' Duke said , grabbing three pieces .
tr	8	Come in and have coffee with us .
tr	7	He raised a pistol and shot the lock off the gate , then pushed it open and rushed down the walkway .
tr	10	I whipped the cash out of my shoulder bag and slammed it on the table next to a small metal tray .
tr	6	There were suddenly no sounds , even the wind stopped .
tr	9	""" How do you know if you don 't try ? """
tr	9	A hundred feet in , we came to an open elevator shaft descending into pitch blackness .
tr	8	I was awestruck by his eyes ; they were glowing in the dark .
tr	8	""" I can , but we could probably do more , "" said David ."
tr	11	He stared into the snow until noises from Scott caused him to turn back around .
tr	11	' Let 's hope you 're right .
tr	9	Why must he go out of his way to charm Neela , as well ?
tr	8	What had happened to him ?
tr	6	Then , in a split second , longer in duration , perhaps , than all his life , he understood everything .
tr	6	Moments later , the panel finally creaked and moved on its hinges .
tr	10	It was Adele 's voice , coming from outside of the tent .
tr	10	Though Kevin knew more than the others , he still had no idea what the strange shapes were meant for .
tr	8	Kurt made his way to the back of the pub , searching for the restrooms .
tr	9	""" I just wanted to make amends , "" he managed through his parched throat ."
tr	11	White shutters at the windows winked at me in a friendly sort of way .
tr	11	"David , you need to ensure that Flaherty and Vivien are safe and protected . """
tr	10	Rafe dropped the stick and pulled up his knees , leaning his arms on top of them .
tr	7	Once the car had stopped , the inspector turned in his seat and faced Simon .
tr	5	"A wise move , I would say . """
tr	10	I keep imaging a black shadow swooping down and snatching him away .
tr	8	"Tell her I love her . """
tr	11	""" Can I trust that you 'll keep your side of the bargain ?"
tr	6	His thoughts flying elsewhere , to the past , to things he would rather forget .
tr	11	they 'll be working within the law and staying within the confines of the property .
tr	8	Lay face down on the pavement ' ' Take no notice men , open fire . '
tr	5	Between them , on the table , was a medium format camera .
tr	5	Like forgiveness , somehow , which maybe were the same thing sometimes .
tr	7	I repeat , put your arms behind your head and get down on your knees ! '
tr	7	"What if I mess up ? """
tr	7	Did you , at any point , taste the coffee in this cup ?
tr	8	Due to lack of oxygen , Alita 's body went limp as she passed out .
tr	7	He grabbed the skirt and she could hear the material rip .
tr	8	""" Linda what is it ? """
tr	9	Except , they were about to get one .
tr	7	She dropped the phone into the center console and returned her focus to the road .
tr	7	""" Fine , "" she said , getting up again ."
tr	11	""" Eggs would be good , "" David said as he got up to clear the table ."
tr	8	""" Dr. Colbert , "" he began after saluting Liam ."
tr	11	I search for my sunglasses and shove them on my face even though it 's dark outside again .
tr	11	Remember Calvin you don 't live in Coventry anymore .
tr	7	The only rule against such behavior was : ' don 't get caught . '
tr	8	We couldn 't hope to win .
tr	9	"It will save us a lot of trouble if this doesn 't work . """
tr	5	""" You start , "" Malcolm said ."
tr	11	It was just before they reached the logging road when Sidney spoke .
tr	6	I can tell them apart immediately .
tr	9	"I 'm sure it 's London . """
tr	6	""" We were so lucky , "" Sarah said ."
tr	6	How can I learn this ?
tr	11	he asked , thrilled to see the boy alive .
tr	8	Let 's talk about Jolie .
tr	6	Half an hour and fifty pounds later they walked out of the tailor 's .
tr	10	"Skull laughed and said , "" Look where we are Hunter ."
tr	5	""" Give us our keys . """
tr	8	Figured them to be friendlies .
tr	9	""" It 's St. Michaels and All Angels , "" said George , "" it was built in the eleventh century ."
tr	9	""" Will you admit it to yourself ? """
tr	10	If they wanted to kill him they could have easily done it by now .
tr	10	He can predict the weather just by looking at the waves .
tr	10	"Hopefully you have grown up a little since they let you out of the Air Force . """
tr	7	They looked at Mr. Clancy and then at each other and then again to the southern sky .
tr	6	The dragon gave me a long stare , and I lowered my eyes once again .
tr	11	It was then I realized it was time to leave .
tr	8	She lectured me on the upper classes ' disregard for the smaller communities living outside the city limits .
tr	6	"You didn 't even know him . """
tr	9	""" I thought you 'd set a date or something ."
tr	8	Finding his way back into the conversation Calvin asked , ' Everyone cool with Katherine staying over ? '
tr	9	""" If your vessel 's death is what you wish , then you shall have it . """
tr	6	""" You must never forget it ."
tr	8	Her voice was calm but filled with warning .
tr	8	Her legs buckled and one of the men grabbed her under her arm and kept her standing .
tr	9	""" You 're a very rude man , John , shoot him in the left kneecap please ! """
tr	11	Nora screamed when she saw the arrow pointed his way .
tr	6	The victim 's pale , waxy skin provided a macabre canvas for the ink on her arms and legs .
tr	9	She could see him behind her , frowning unhappily at the floor .
tr	7	At home Michael and Ben went through everything with ' dad ' right down to the smallest detail .
tr	8	She smiled playfully as she rubbed her eyes .
tr	10	A second later the engine roared to life and it pulled away leaving a trail of dust in its wake .
tr	8	""" Not for me ; she 's teaching me about healing ."
tr	7	Oh , for heaven 's sake , Miriam thought .
tr	7	""" No , but it doesn 't really matter anyway , "" Ted replied ."
tr	9	She had her hair cut short , and pinned up .
tr	5	"With a shaky breath , Alethea said , "" My father was murdered . """
tr	8	And you 're a bulging muscle man with bronze skin , Jimmy thought to himself .
tr	5	A weekend of happy families , love , nuptials and procreation .
tr	8	"Chapter 16 Barbara his is my sister , "" Mr. Cantwell said , drawing the stranger forward ."
tr	11	"I 'm glad , actually ; I was worried it would take all night . """
tr	6	"At some point or another , an Infernal in your class would 've reeked . """
tr	10	""" Let 's go across the beach towards the dock ."
tr	7	Do now as I say .
tr	10	""" Pearson 's attorney , Fortescue , says the will is quite clear on that point ."
tr	6	I mean , you 're not completely invincible ... You and me , I mean ... there is a way .
tr	6	The trees are mostly orange , mirrored on the water , but at least they look wet , not dusty .
tr	11	Now the engine in the Mini sounded like it was going to explode .
tr	5	A lily and tower , an eye , and a fang .
tr	10	Pulling into the parking lot of the gun club he was able to find a spot close to the clubhouse .
tr	7	Melody clutched the gifts to her chest and gave Ted a big smile .
tr	9	She didn 't know I was there .
tr	11	Derrick picks up Dane and carries him over to where we are sitting .
tr	7	Both men stopped eating and looked at him in amazement .
tr	11	' And I think I may have found it too .
tr	11	""" Ah ... I thought you might have already heard , sir ."
tr	9	""" I 'll get back to you , Ryan , "" and the CIA man hung up on him ."
tr	6	Tourists passed me in a blur .
tr	9	I know you were in an impossible situation .
tr	8	Within a few minutes they were flying south above the A1 freeway .
tr	9	It 's a fast paced novel that any age with imagination could enjoy .
tr	9	Eventually I came to the edge of the city and wandered onwards .
tr	7	Without replying , Ted edged his chair a bit further from the woodpile .
tr	9	Two clicks in his ear told him the system was working fine .
tr	11	Isn 't that what Josh told me to do .
tr	9	Far below , beyond the house gardens , a deep , wide furrow plowed through the thick woods .
tr	10	Abbey was disorientated as she returned to reality .
tr	11	Thick velvet curtains framed the French windows that lined one aspect of the long gallery .
tr	7	"Rid yourself of your false alliances and serve your king once more . """
tr	7	"He was also a child molester , and ran the largest child pornography ring in Bolivia and Paraguay . """
tr	7	She hardly ever saw her father before in any case .
tr	7	Then a mask dropped over his features , and he was the old Josh .
tr	11	Sofia could not help the intense emotion that flowed over her .
tr	8	I watched them kill my mother seventeen times .
tr	8	""" Close , but you 're trying too hard , "" Sheik reveals , gesturing with her hands ."
tr	7	Actually , to be more accurate , I tracked HIM down .
tr	10	The man lowered his hood , and they realized it was not a man at all .
tr	7	Paris spread out before me with its stone buildings , lush gardens , and the Eiffel in the distance .
tr	10	Make sure you walk her there .
tr	10	The sky took light colors , and at the horizon , a pink line could be seen , announcing the dawn .
tr	6	Once there , Mr. Beppe hid us for a few weeks .
tr	10	Claire observed his profile as his eyes never ceased watching Sky .
tr	9	Commencement Turtle Bay Manhattan , New York January 27th , 2026 Frank looked up as Ellen walked into his office .
tr	5	""" For the seventh and final test , pride and humility . """
tr	8	The hint of concern in his voice caused mine to shake .
tr	9	People are getting so fat they 've had to expand airplane seats .
tr	10	The gunship moves away with two screaming policemen stuck on the rope .
tr	8	He continued moving towards it .
tr	10	They 'd both seen something they wanted , but Darin was rash .
tr	7	Me , not like him , I was perfect happy without any friends .
tr	9	""" Could be any of a thousand , "" he began ."
tr	6	And like Taro said , chances are , they 're not even here .
tr	8	""" What is your business upon them , stranger ? """
tr	8	""" Included in the cost of admission . """
tr	9	' Going to save your wife 's life I hope , could I have a word with Aaron please ? '
tr	5	' Yes , it has , ' Reid murmured .
tr	6	""" That 's enough , sister , "" a voice insists from behind ."
tr	7	But this was important to her .
tr	9	""" It 's time to take a stand ."
tr	9	I shift the curtains aside and watch the Murano pull out of the parking lot .
tr	10	The Prince felt heat flood his cheeks in embarrassment and shame at being handled in such a way .
tr	8	""" Thanks , Roberto , "" she whispered , feeling loved and cozy with the ample affection ."
tr	7	Vulcan let the grate drop to the harbor floor and then signaled his team leader forward .
tr	9	Glad that 's off my chest .
tr	8	The brothers also appeared to reflect and nodded in unison .
tr	8	All we could muster were a few sporadic soft kicks or light hand slaps .
tr	11	The silence was broken by the squawking of a pair of crows as they lifted off the ground ahead of us .
tr	7	Instead , the smells of campfire smoke and sizzling meat filled the air .
tr	6	Our footage has no sex , no violence , no drugs or even rock ' n ' roll .
tr	8	Red Talon chose Wounded Eagle , a brave of thirty-five winters and a skilled tracker .
tr	6	""" As you know , Laurel , "" he said , "" my heart always breaks for my boys . """
tr	7	Just like I left him .
tr	8	""" Sorry , I 'm getting ahead of myself I guess ."
tr	6	""" The haze is gone , Mr. Clancy . """
tr	9	They all thought I 'd stabbed someone .
tr	6	The warrior reached for the larger woman with his left hand .
tr	10	I heard Trudy ask as Phillip and I reentered the conversation .
tr	6	""" Don 't worry , "" he said , "" she 's made the crossing solo several times . """
tr	9	"Do you have custody ? """
tr	10	Nuru released an unearthly scream and I heard his rage within it , he must have realised that Adam was here .
tr	11	""" Let 's go Cobble , "" Thatch declared as he turned to look around ."
tr	7	When she offered the chain he took it and smiled .
tr	7	""" Shaykh Saif , I -- "" "" No , child , I 've heard your reasons ."
tr	5	Under the white canopy , the moonlight reflected off his striking face .
tr	5	""" What is your name ? """
tr	6	""" For Pandora , Marlon is camel mouth and for Marlon , Pandora is hermit . """
tr	9	Its coat was matted and had dried into great clumps and its eyes were sad and lifeless .
tr	7	""" I can only guide you , you must make your own choices ."
tr	8	Landon sat up , blinking in the light .
tr	6	Then a large off-road 4x4 turned up the dirt track leading to Sleaford Castle .
tr	7	I couldn 't think about right or wrong .
tr	9	It was almost a year before she finally came to my bed .
tr	10	They did not see him enter the gate of the palisade .
tr	6	""" I will try ... for your sake . """
tr	9	We expect to die in it .
tr	7	Henri thrashed amid his sheets , terror etched like tragic art across his weeping face .
tr	6	The girls went to their next classes .
tr	9	""" You 're going to need it . """
tr	6	""" Finally , we found it , "" he breathes with a smile ."
tr	5	""" It 's still the swelling ."
tr	8	""" Yes , the owner is the richest man in the country and certainly one of the wealthier ones globally . """
tr	8	Missy let Misty have her head .
tr	9	I 'd love to catch something .
tr	10	Thus it is to God that one should also turn for help .
tr	10	They were slightly ahead of schedule but John knew his transport would be waiting .
tr	11	It was far more richly furnished than any other home she 'd seen .
tr	8	' No , but we do , and they 're very close friends of ours . '
tr	7	"At the end of the passage was a door with the nameplate "" Godard "" affixed to it ."
tr	10	""" Do you know where we going ? """
tr	6	"The cab driver keeps the twenty and nods , "" Okay ... good luck . """
tr	8	' I wonder what he needed it for ? '
tr	10	Arranged in a crescent at the front of the group were a handful of men in charcoal grey .
tr	9	But as always , the captain acted as if it were nothin ' unusual .
tr	7	His mind was still back at the airfield when the pain and light returned .
tr	6	Jolie 's goons ripped Dad away from me .
tr	8	Teachers connected to the infinite wisdom of the universe .
tr	10	I know you dislike my vanity but will you do this just now .
tr	6	Aidan shut his eyes , gave out a heavy sigh , and then took the bait .
tr	9	Pierre and Roberto who stood silently in the shadows drew in their breaths , waiting for her reply .
tr	7	You will be hanged too !
tr	6	Or she doesn 't kill him .
tr	10	"Have you ever been to the Middle East and seen how they live ? """
tr	7	I had done that , and the self-loathing hit me like a blow .
tr	6	Lilly Ann stuck her head through the doorframe .
tr	7	He swings his legs out of the bed and stands on the smooth wooden floor .
tr	5	""" Of course she was ."
tr	9	She was going to hit something .
tr	9	""" was all she could say ."
tr	11	""" You know we are going to die , right ? """
tr	6	Light danced in his eyes .
tr	7	""" Sir , several riots have broken out in the evacuation sites ."
tr	6	I mean , we were both kids back then .
tr	7	Alejo closed the door with one foot and slid the deadbolt into place .
tr	9	She rubbed her fingers over her sleepy eyes as she turned to the opened window .
tr	7	An ' a paltry sum it is fer yer kindness .
tr	6	Finally , they reached safety on the rolling deck .
tr	8	I ask to break the silence .
tr	8	You have to take that thing away !
tr	10	""" But I guess we best go have a look just the same . """
tr	7	She got off at the first floor wishing me good night .
tr	7	""" So you just can 't do it , it 's not an option . """
tr	5	-- oh , forget it ) .
tr	10	It was time to get the plane ready .
tr	10	""" We 're getting ready to rush them . """
tr	8	The other quickly followed , but Phillip made them stand .
tr	7	He pressed his fingers to his temples , mustering all his willpower .
tr	9	"Abby briefly explained , "" Looks like about 120 feet downhill to the first intersection ."
tr	9	""" Would you like me to accompany you , Lord Rafe ? """
tr	10	I knew I was everything to you .
tr	8	He had run out of people to trust , and he had circumvented all security channels .
tr	8	' So , we looking at this data or what ? '
tr	9	Most definitely something I would wear .
tr	9	There were billions to be made !
tr	7	Neil shouted , losing his patience .
tr	9	I ascend past the atmosphere and glide into the darkness of space .
tr	6	""" Have three females and one prisoner , job is done ."
tr	8	The sound of Noah biting down threw the larger Lizard into a fury .
tr	6	Doors lined each side , and paintings bedecked the walls .
tr	9	There was only one way this was ending .
tr	10	He 'd forgotten his mother knew about that !
tr	8	But if this was her home , he had fatherly duties to do .
tr	8	""" I know how you feel , "" she said ."
tr	8	He looked back at Miriam and made a hideous face at her , and she thrust her tongue out at him .
tr	8	His face is dirty -- there 's dirt in his hair , too .
tr	8	""" It can be done ... expensive but possible ... ... all a matter of timing . """
tr	8	He didn 't even know how many men he faced .
tr	6	""" That 's the one , "" Millie acknowledged , "" I recognize his da . """
tr	9	We 've nothing else to go off of anyway .
tr	8	""" There isn 't much political correctness in the acting world , my dear ."
tr	5	The Best Damned Squirrel Dog ( Ever ) -- A Civil War ghost story .
tr	7	"All the same ... ... looks like two calibers ... ... about 5000 rounds in total I 'd estimate . """
tr	11	With their sorcery , they created trolls : hulking beasts which served them in war .
tr	10	He stopped abruptly when his pink iPhone began to vibrate .
tr	8	A handful of Jews had been picked up , and he signed their death warrants .
tr	9	That was when I realised something astounding .
tr	10	""" Is this the wench that bested you ? """
tr	9	""" You 're to receive thirty enlisted men , Sir ."
tr	8	""" Let me get you untied . """
tr	7	Twenty feet away , the deer raised its nose to the air and then sprinted off into the darkness .
tr	9	He reached up to a cluster of control tabs and hit a play icon .
tr	7	Neil waited by the horse 's head , checking his watch frequently .
tr	9	"We 're going to save Hyrule . """
tr	5	Oh , did you see those red clowns ?
tr	9	The cooler heads among the group settled these down and raised valid questions to temper the mood .
tr	11	""" I 'll give you more money than you 'll see in a lifetime . """
tr	9	Low on ... fuel , Should be near ... Sumatra by now .
tr	8	The shot had been terrific - and fired through the open door to their right .
tr	7	They were given three meals a day but never let out of the room .
tr	10	"I think you are seriously missing my point , retard ! """
tr	7	The smell of mold and human dust and dried meat hit the back of her throat like a physical presence .
tr	9	I sent a very young junior Angel to keep an eye on you .
tr	6	* * * My phone signaled a new message just as I walked back into the House .
tr	8	He was crippled for life ... trapped in a wheelchair .
tr	9	he said taking the armchair next to Danny and Amy on the settee .
tr	9	""" Nice of you to come back to us . """
tr	8	""" What the HELL are you two girls doing in MY tree ? """
tr	9	Good people to have with you in a fight .
tr	10	I didn 't want to be his wife , master dervish .
tr	7	""" Ten minutes to release altitude , "" said Bob Mathews over the intercom fifty minutes later ."
tr	11	Guess they thought it was rhetorical ?
tr	10	"But you don 't have time to wait a season and breed horses , do you ? """
tr	11	He turned his gaze back to Layla and she felt as if a sword were pointed at her .
tr	11	She wandered into the rose garden that filled the courtyard outside the Orangery .
tr	9	He sent a wink and a smile her way before turning back to the screen .
tr	6	One minute on horseback , the next in the study , with its ledgers and timers and instruments .
tr	6	"But if we do , you 're a dead woman , and you know it . """
tr	10	She wanted that bastard to burn .
tr	7	He looked around and opened his mouth , as if hesitating .
tr	8	I sat back in the chair and forced myself to relax .
tr	11	Of course it does , it 's meant to be a message for you !
tr	10	The metaphor is too simplistic : a physical transformation that embodies the inner evolution .
tr	9	"You too lucky charms , "" he concludes , lazily lifting a hand as he departs ."
tr	6	' The rest of the bones ... ' She knelt down and moved some more soil aside .
tr	9	I killed a man who raped my sister .
tr	8	"Ok , I had my time of humiliation , now your turn . """
tr	6	""" Lay off of it , "" he said at once ."
tr	10	""" But you could have defeated it as you did the last one . """
tr	9	' Mate take ze van keys will you ?
tr	9	exclaimed Ricky looking up at the tree as it disappeared out of sight into the dark canopy above .
tr	7	Joy burst through my veins and flooded my body .
tr	8	He dropped his head between his legs to hide his emotions .
tr	11	Because she was going to destroy him .
tr	10	' Get your coat you can see us to the bus station . '
tr	10	"To find a body to use . """
tr	11	""" But I know you can 't put that in your official file ."
tr	8	"He said over his shoulder , "" Frank , without my friends helping you , you don 't exist ."
tr	9	I glared at him and opened my mouth to voice a protest .
tr	11	The JP had to array its forces in order to respond to any incursion along the entire southern border .
tr	9	A bad feeling creeping up his spine , Link rolls left just as a guttural shout of exertion sounds .
tr	8	Connor grabbed a shirt and pants and walked back into the bathroom and closed the door .
tr	5	""" No , but then she isn 't the worst one here . """
tr	5	His lips , cool and dry , ever so polite and incredibly maddening .
tr	9	""" The blade is an interesting combination of elements , very strong but a bit on the brittle side ."
tr	9	I was stunned as the two salesmen from Industrial Products leapt in unison at our potential client .
tr	9	Get what I 'm saying girl ?
tr	7	"Go up , calm down , rest and we will talk tomorrow . """
tr	5	""" Oh , God , Clay , I really did it this time ."
tr	7	Jolie took a deep breath and turned , his body expanded to full height and breadth .
tr	7	- Take three weeks off , my dear , we will not see us soon again .
tr	9	"Now that you know the truth , I would ask you to not tell Laurence . """
tr	9	Robbie sat by the fire in an ancient but comfortable leather chair , Bowmore in hand .
tr	9	Durham screamed , advancing dangerously toward his sister .
tr	10	Finan was silent for some time , a serious frown on his face .
tr	11	Her reaction was so sudden and violent that the Prince could never have predicted it .
tr	6	And the F.B.I. With a hopeless sigh , Pigeon trudged up the porch steps and tried the door .
tr	9	He couldn 't wait to see her .
tr	10	""" The Archmage 's was not a dumb sorcerer to create a useless script . """
tr	8	Don 't tell me you 've given up already and checked into a hotel .
tr	11	It wasn 't as if she 'd never been further than Leicester before .
tr	9	I exude mentally handicapped charity case and Gabe just comes off as homeless .
tr	9	Charging between decimated homes , Link makes his way past the steady trickle of tumbling pebbles and into the graveyard .
tr	5	""" Okay , maybe not really , but yep , I 'm a geek ."
tr	11	I 'm sure the bastard 's already done it in his mind .
tr	9	Then I am holding a man 's loose tendons in my right hand and thick golden threads in my left .
tr	8	"I am not the chef you are , Mr. Clancy . """
tr	11	The silence in the orchards was different than in the backyards they were accustomed to investigating .
tr	10	They could be sending a message from beyond the grave or warning of great suffering ahead .
tr	9	""" George I assume your people have located all the Irishmen ? """
tr	6	The man still did not notice him .
tr	10	The dark figures turned into ashes leaving none of them in sight .
tr	5	""" But he 's still alive . """
tr	5	""" Well , in my opinion , the fitted one suits you best . """
tr	7	""" Kayla , you look so beautiful in that dress , "" says a girl to Kayla ."
tr	8	"Sarah answered with "" Umm , "" but moments later , pointed to something off in the distance ."
tr	6	Just bent my head and kissed her slow and deep , reminding her of last night and our connection .
tr	11	We have all seen the miraculous speed with which she moves and leaps , and her prowess with the sword .
tr	11	Carson did want to do that .
tr	9	Though the rain bears down on him relentlessly , his golden gauntlets still seem to glimmer in the sparse light .
tr	9	""" I know you do ... I just don 't feel this way about anyone else . """
tr	9	I tapped a finger on the cover of the late professor 's journal .
tr	7	"I kissed the soft spot below his ear and mumbled , "" Actually , I 'm just joking . """
tr	9	He then poured each a glass of juice , and sat down to join them .
tr	9	How could he keep a straight face at the funeral with this information ?
tr	9	A citizen being escorted by a Junior Commander had not gone unnoticed by the passengers of the tram .
tr	8	Even if they did look like they were dead .
tr	9	"The security services will find him and that will be an end to it . """
tr	6	The Apocalypse Testament says : In the past is the future .
tr	11	"I said , "" Ms. Abernathy , especially if she 's mistreating my sweetie . """
tr	7	She stared fixedly at the man , and he rose and glided from the chamber .
tr	10	Lizzie saw him again sooner than she would have guessed .
tr	8	Jimmy took a notebook out of his jacket pocket and an old fashioned fountain pen .
tr	8	Now the plan they had hatched seemed kind of lame .
tr	8	""" She wasn 't carrying Liquid Light and we can prove it with that paper . """
tr	6	""" I 'm not the speed demon , "" he said , chuckling , and hung up ."
tr	10	Gordon would come if he called him , he knew .
tr	6	""" Is his wound very serious ? """
tr	6	""" It 's hemp , "" she said ."
tr	8	Parents were keeping their smaller children back and , in fact , were scooting their own chairs away from the heat .
tr	10	The iridescent face visor was spattered with the same hydraulic fluid as the bench and whiteboard .
tr	9	He sensed it would be soon though .
tr	6	""" I 'm not stupid , "" Amira whispered at her , eyes downcast ."
tr	8	Logan winced but didn 't cry out in pain .
tr	8	I think it 's Rhodes .
tr	9	He then turned a large lever on the tourniquet to take in the excess slack .
tr	7	We aren 't policemen ; we don 't have their training or experience .
tr	8	"questioned Robbie in his broad Glasgow accent , "" two on watch ... . ."
tr	7	Chris spared one glance for the captain , high above it all .
tr	9	A sigh left my lips when I stepped onto a tiled floor .
tr	10	There had to be some kind of catch .
tr	6	Then he waved his tiny pencil wand , and once more the world swam before my eyes .
tr	5	Raindrops beaded and ran off the waxy , transparent membranes .
tr	10	Alejo , in the center of them all , was the target of all of the guns ' aim .
tr	10	Hey , I don 't make the weather , she thought , tossing them a spray of seed which they ignored .
tr	10	I tried to pull out from his clutch , but no chance , his arm was like my leg .
tr	6	""" Hello again old chap , "" he said in his best English accent ."
tr	7	""" You never tell me anything about her . """
tr	8	Jan asked as she stepped nearer .
tr	9	But now they 're ... different ?
tr	7	""" Why do you even care so much about me ? """
tr	10	If a candidate fails to complete either mission , the course for that candidate is terminated .
tr	11	"Do you want to die ? """
tr	6	""" And how exactly did you learn our name , anyway ? """
tr	11	That 's all there is to say .
tr	11	"I wish to speak to the commanding officer of this unit . """
tr	8	I 'd never realized how many personal questions Dad asks .
tr	10	That should allow us to get close enough to Octavian .
tr	8	""" Now I got ta hurry up and get to practice . """
tr	8	The rudder returned to the starting position and Jeff swam over and slid the handle into the hinge space .
tr	6	Several figures appeared over the threshold and slowly crossed the polished floor .
tr	7	""" Yes , "" the Prince said , "" he hypnotized you . """
tr	6	""" It was there earlier , "" she said for the tenth time in the last five minutes ."
tr	10	I don 't want a sodding clap I want a drink .
tr	9	Stories her father told her of them convinced her that he was not one .
tr	8	There was a hiss from the imp , and a low laugh .
tr	8	"You 'll find our path among the stars , as you always do . """
tr	6	""" I have not , "" answered the mellifluous voice of Vain Glory ."
tr	8	It has always been so with the Order 's tribunals .
tr	11	He knew he was in a chair and he felt his ankles and wrists were bound by metal shackles .
tr	8	She only really reasoned well with me and most had given up on her long ago .
tr	8	""" Now it 's not only black and scary in here , its black , scary and something 's humming . """
tr	8	My first impression is that the house seems empty and plain .
tr	7	The shapeshifter suddenly transformed into Echo , the telepath .
tr	11	Down the sides of the hall there were what looked to be beds .
tr	9	A few yards away , McCabe was attempting to pacify the Arlington District Two police commander .
tr	10	They checked the trail that led up the hill but there were no others about .
tr	7	""" Try this one , "" suggested Mark as he pushed the button for cold Oolong tea ."
tr	7	The nose was a dead giveaway to the name .
tr	7	The beam from the Chevy 's headlights washed across the asphalt .
tr	9	""" What the hell is going on here , "" he said thickly ."
tr	8	Once finished , Andy looked around for something to put the Talisman in .
tr	8	I have been faithful to you .
tr	6	In her debut match , Karen blew away any doubt about her skills as a boxer .
tr	8	This was as primitive as he could imagine .
tr	10	They meant to eliminate one group at a time .
tr	6	""" No way , "" he mumbles under his breath ."
tr	6	-- He noticed calmly , but with a hidden thought , she did catch .
tr	8	Still facing the vending machine , wiping his mouth on his sleeve , he turned slowly to face the crowd .
tr	5	""" I know , "" he answered quietly ."
tr	11	"Do you want something to drink ? """
tr	7	Something grabbed her from behind , and a large hand covered her mouth .
tr	6	""" I never chose this , "" she waves her free hand up and down her body ."
tr	9	"You need not leave ... you need not continue to run . """
tr	9	From this point they could still see the village , but not as much of the river trail .
tr	6	A little black bottle with no label drops into my hand .
tr	9	As soon as we get onto the highway , Gabe continues his story without prompting .
tr	6	""" CIC , Doctor Everett is dead , "" Jason states , his voice uneasy ."
tr	10	And she really didn 't want to talk with Alejo about it .
tr	8	""" I am a lover of music , "" Harald said ."
tr	8	"I 'll be back in a jiffy , "" he said , and disappeared back through the archway ."
tr	9	His breath hit the back of my neck , causing me to shiver .
tr	9	It was always a bad day to open doors .
tr	10	But each time I feed I can throw a little harder .
tr	10	"Let 's stop by the crime scene , see if the cops got any leads . """
tr	8	""" As long as our end is muted , that is . """
tr	9	What 's going to happen ?
tr	8	""" Who said anything about cutting ? """
tr	11	It would also be that much easier for them to be seen .
tr	7	Dave turned to the brunette , made a gun with his hand , and pointed under the table .
tr	5	""" Alice , Rebecca , and I. Rebecca had a massive stroke ."
tr	8	The soldiers were still there but a team of military engineers was now putting up a guardhouse and permanent gate .
tr	6	"Had they not been tempted , you would not be here . "" '"
tr	9	""" Great goodness , you intend to argue with me ! """
tr	5	But it was all true .
tr	9	They found a doctor there who looked after the guy on the stretcher .
tr	10	Everyone laughed as he flicked another switch off and stuck the box in his jacket pocket .
tr	10	And finally they arrived at Sophia 's Sofia apartment where they were both sitting in the hall .
tr	8	""" He used to make many things ."
tr	9	After flushing the instructions down the toilet and washing his hands he returned to the lab .
tr	9	Zeal would see the news report outlining my criminal act and she would refuse to bond with me .
tr	8	He lay there on the floor , and time seemed to slow .
tr	8	Today , they each wore pastel dresses , one of them fire orange and the other electric blue .
tr	7	The central part of the city was left bare and uninhabited .
tr	11	""" And I 'm pretty sure some things exploded when we landed ."
tr	10	Trying to get me to leave .
tr	5	Through the mists , leaves and branches , they traveled .
tr	7	Damn ... She 's an agent and she was so cute .
tr	6	But moments later , a warm tingly sensation shot up my arms and reverberated down my back .
tr	8	"You 'll be hearing from me . """
tr	6	His flashlight sweeps across the ground .
tr	7	Professor Bamford heard the Chancellor murmur something about a collapse ; yes young Jack Tarleton .
tr	9	He stood in the glory of its light and allowed the energy to feed his being .
tr	6	About ten years ago , the wreck of an old freighter washed ashore in Orleans .
tr	11	she wondered , trying to wipe her face with her jacket sleeve .
tr	10	""" I don 't know , "" he replied not sure what to say , "" This place creeps me out ."
tr	9	When Tracy came out of the laundry room and saw the students were gone .
tr	8	""" Yeah , yeah , I understand but it 's seems such a pity ."
tr	5	So he 's not all bravado , then .
tr	6	In that moment , for the first time , I saw my father 's mercy as weakness .
tr	5	""" All right , then , Butch , "" Della answers her son ."
tr	9	You said -- ' ' The first train doesn 't stop at Penrith . '
tr	7	""" Oh , you 're right , "" said Jenny , "" I did leave a window down today ."
tr	8	A bit of drool clung to the corner of his mouth .
tr	9	They have a daughter up at Cambridge you know and Gema herself has a terrific job with a Translation Company .
tr	7	He was moving toward it .
tr	6	What about your mother , or a sister , or an aunt ?
tr	11	Let them think what they wanted to .
tr	5	Twisted metal , small objects , men and women streamed out the gaping hole .
tr	9	Her beautiful smile , that I could taste her sweet lips without satisfying .
tr	8	She flashed him her biggest sweet girl smile and took the data pad from his hands .
tr	5	Now she had their attention .
tr	8	As Miriam followed Mana up the stairs , she noticed that her governess ' body was shaking .
tr	6	The door closed after us with an ominous hiss .
tr	6	In a positive system , a minor leak acts as its own entry denial .
tr	7	Manny , one step ahead of his boss , was already scouring the dirt yard around the barn .
tr	7	He smiled , opened his hands and casually said , ' Let 's record . '
tr	8	"Not that it 's any business of yours but I was laughing at the Ruskin quote . """
tr	6	"My teams have a scout , a combat specialist , an intelligence specialist , and a leader . """
tr	9	"We 're going to Ripe BM in McLean Virginia . """
tr	9	Well what you want to do ?
tr	11	I barely had time to jump back into the room before they exploded .
tr	11	Nor were they prompted to rise from the dead by radiation from a falling satellite .
tr	7	Nero nodded and followed his men toward the door .
tr	6	In addition , our success depends heavily on the upcoming Presidential election .
tr	10	His eyes popped wide before he clamped them shut .
tr	8	Jack was the last one left alive .
tr	10	He turned and began to lead Lizzie 's dad out .
tr	9	""" Your relationship with Victoria is not part of her deal with Alfred ."
tr	8	A soft twang followed by a whistling sound reached his ears , and he dropped to the floor without hesitation .
tr	7	He frowned and took the Glock out of his holster .
tr	9	""" I think so , "" Miriam replied , taking another long slurp of tea ."
tr	8	""" Do not take anything you see in the houses , "" said Lord Harald ."
tr	7	She had two red-headed kids now , the baby balanced against her hip and the boy scampering at her feet .
tr	5	""" Illinois , twenty-two votes ... New York , thirty-three , and California , forty-four ."
tr	11	"He said , "" Yes sir one small leak starboard amidships being dealt with , nothing serious . """
tr	9	For all the people above I am grateful and humbled by their support , love , and friendship .
tr	8	Slowly , the bells became quieter and the yelling became louder .
tr	11	It has now become a pulse of intense energy flowing through his mind .
tr	6	The only decorations in the backyard were dusty free weights , a rusted bug zapper , and kitschy terra-cotta statues .
tr	10	""" But ... erm ... my unit is so small , it wouldn 't be practical . """
tr	10	My brother had his wife and children to care for , and not enough money .
tr	5	For the moment , she answered her own question out loud .
tr	8	Shouts and expletives echo through the dock as the two men angrily rebuke each other .
tr	10	""" Captain Myers here will serve as guide to the location of the tanks , "" said Anderson ."
tr	6	Then the rich scent of seared ahi and cream hit her nostrils and made her tummy growl .
tr	8	We sit on the floor in a semi-circle .
tr	10	""" You 're to be the head of the new JP Central Intelligence Agency . """
tr	6	Pain , overwhelming pain and agony so great it almost brought me to my knees .
tr	9	He smiled as he gestured through the doorway with his hand .
tr	8	We will travel north from here .
tr	10	As she circled the room , she nodded to the guards she recognized , noting their positions .
tr	7	Atlas hesitated just outside the door to the target 's room .
tr	7	The palms of his hands , long unused to prolonged rowing , were scarred with welts and blisters .
tr	11	There were just a few points that he was still hoping to clarify .
tr	7	The two guys peered into the truck , expressions grim .
tr	8	Occasionally a guard would put his face up to the door , look in and then disappear .
tr	7	His posture took on a more aggressive rigidity .
tr	11	""" It is always my intention to stay out of trouble , Mr. Clancy . """
tr	11	Turning to Sarah , he thanked her for a wonderful day but said he had to go .
tr	8	He met her gaze evenly .
tr	7	Matthew didn 't know , he didn 't care , and he certainly didn 't understand .
tr	11	He wasn 't going to get out and become even more lost .
tr	10	Navi asks , her strange questions falling on deaf ears as her hero considers his options .
tr	10	Connor suddenly felt like he was being played the fool .
tr	6	""" Mom , "" Maya said , "" at least this one didn 't call you a barmaid . """
tr	11	The vegetables would only go on once the turkey was almost cooked , the kitchen a hive of activity .
tr	7	He placed an entire boiled egg in his mouth and chewed it , then washed it down with the mead stein .
tr	8	Yet , not everything was bad Nathan noted .
tr	9	She smiled and started to fold back her sleeves .
tr	9	""" Or , they could suck you up like you eat that black fish egg crap ! """
tr	7	""" The bullet clipped his liver , "" he said quietly , "" I 've seen it before ."
tr	8	Princes of the Realm had conflicting spheres of power in the land of Lucia .
tr	9	We walked through another pair of mahogany doors and entered a wide hallway with a polished parquet floor .
tr	10	And he explained to Ben what had happened .
tr	6	Including the wounded , we lost perhaps close to a thousand men .
tr	8	When considered in isolation , few of her features would be labeled attractive .
tr	11	David began to move in the direction of the camp .
tr	8	She allowed them to run freely .
tr	9	"I didn 't want to be alone here . """
tr	7	~ Unofficially anyway , summer was coming to a close .
tr	10	You 'll talk to me now I 'm in a skirt , right ? '
tr	7	Jeff , Jenny , and Crabtree lifted the kayak over the rail and dropped it into the churning water .
tr	8	She was certain of it because of her acquired skills from traveling .
tr	8	As we 'd approached the manor , only one window had been lit .
tr	8	As she reached the door , she heard Ruth call her name .
tr	9	How could I have slept that long ?
tr	6	She smiled at the thought .
tr	10	It did not take much shouting for them to hear Farmer 's answer back .
tr	8	Let them , she decided , looking about the barren hills .
tr	7	""" I have not harmed Celeste , "" he shot back , "" but we must find her now ."
tr	10	Eric squinted at Muhammad , as if seeing him for the first time .
tr	7	Yet , he could have sworn ... A faint whispering sound pulled his attention from the crystals .
tr	5	V Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	8	""" This is grandma underwear , "" I whine , tossing the pack away from me ."
tr	7	""" Well , your age is not my fault , "" my mother responded curtly , "" Now is it ? """
tr	9	""" It 's going to be very dangerous ."
tr	8	""" So he 's dead , "" she said , getting her first good look at him ."
tr	10	He stared at Lizzie for what seemed like an hour .
tr	9	I don 't tell you what to eat .
tr	9	"I don 't have time for games , "" the girl shot back ."
tr	9	Katherine woke knowing something terrible had happened .
tr	7	Engines underneath it kept it afloat and these engines were also under attack .
tr	10	Lucy cried , continuing to stamp about .
tr	9	"Do you have zum ? """
tr	5	By Dawson , well past halfway , Niko spoke up .
tr	11	""" Surrender Your Majesty , and no one else will be harmed ."
tr	11	He had been in a tunnel deep within the woodpile on this farthest part of the yard .
tr	7	She squatted down , touched the fur tenderly , then got up and came back to the cabin .
tr	10	It was late fall , but the air was colder than it should be and the clouds were dark and menacing .
tr	11	Kaylie scored three more goals before the half ended , making the final score five to one .
tr	9	""" Yes it is , "" said Terry "" we 've sedated her and we 've called the vet ."
tr	11	They waited across the street and watched to see how long the lineups were .
tr	10	Do what 's best for you .
tr	9	They 're being blown to pieces , and their families will never even know where they went !
tr	7	From behind the door there was a sliding noise and then the door creaked open .
tr	8	Maybe I 'd gotten Aimee fired , too ?
tr	11	"Let the water run over your body then scrub with the stone . """
tr	8	""" I 've never seen them so excited and united , "" Rick whispered ."
tr	10	I guess it was left up to the cook .
tr	10	Jack Carson was not at Mike 's house out of the kindness of his heart .
tr	9	But once he did , she would be after Elaina before the poison wore off .
tr	10	' But it 's not complimenting the wonderful physique God gave you . '
tr	7	Pierre had already left without her noticing .
tr	7	He nodded his thanks to his wife , and VIN thanked her .
tr	8	He never flinches when I touch him .
tr	7	""" We 've imputed the code , but it hasn 't worked . """
tr	6	Abby grabbed a shirt and put it on .
tr	10	""" Young man , next time I will not be so forgiving ! """
tr	5	""" Afternoon , Mr. Carson , "" the guard said ."
tr	11	And they knew it was time to go .
tr	6	Electricity is the most tangible , but it is not the most important .
tr	6	Sam grins , changing the subject completely as if the understands my awkwardness to the situation .
tr	9	"This can 't be another dead -- "" Abby 's analysis was broken by a screech and gasp ."
tr	10	His voice was steady , but there was a white line of anger around his mouth .
tr	11	He gently led her downhill until they were on a huge boulder overlooking the raging creek .
tr	10	""" We attempt to recycle everything , including , "" he coughed , "" Waste ."
tr	7	""" What 's going on ? """
tr	10	"What I 'll be doing back in Dublin is anyone 's guess . """
tr	10	Our reverie was broken as an employee rushed down the train 's corridor .
tr	10	"Persons of quality simply shouldn 't have to put up with such things . """
tr	5	"Dan , Jesse , Curt and Randy : ( In sudden shocked realization ) "" The girls !"
tr	10	He was sure that they would be back within the year .
tr	9	I realize that I 'll never find him .
tr	6	""" Put the hat on Maya . """
tr	7	At the battle at the fortress , the Cossacks suffered very heavy losses .
tr	11	"Make up a list of what you need , and I 'll pick it up while I 'm in town . """
tr	10	"I thought I got rid of him till tonight . """
tr	6	Even four months after the blast , every station in North America ran that screen twice an hour for five minutes .
tr	7	""" Come on , guys , let 's go back , "" John started to whine ."
tr	6	""" Randolph , "" barked the earl , "" let me out this instant . """
tr	10	I couldn 't believe she 'd just take off .
tr	11	Amy tiptoed to avoid jamming her heels in the slats .
tr	10	Harry was the first to put it into words .
tr	7	With wrinkled skin and wearing comfy clothes , I flopped on my bed and drifted off .
tr	7	He knelt down and opened the bag , and she watched him anxiously .
tr	10	"I thought maybe he 'd finally run out of gas . """
tr	7	With a now open and clear exit , Nate and Cady disappeared from the room and sprinted down the hall .
tr	6	Her body was too tired and the warm tea and the sandwich gave her the rest .
tr	6	' Yes , it 's me , ' I lied in a steady voice .
tr	11	"Six will have to have the power of seven . """
tr	6	boomed Uncle Jeff , still navigating his way through the new family dynamics .
tr	11	He was happy to get beaten up by Congress .
tr	6	Graffiti , dereliction and uncollected rubbish made one housing complex indistinguishable from another .
tr	10	She hadn 't expected the tribe to take such a thing seriously .
tr	7	He seized the long instrument and called down to his son .
tr	10	""" Okay , "" Missy said , "" I think I 've got them straight . """
tr	11	These weren 't the sort of soldiers that protected people .
tr	9	I need to stop panicking .
tr	11	The boats drew up to a long flight of marble stairs that descended right down into the water .
tr	8	The zombie slammed into the vehicle 's door , driving Melody back against the door frame .
tr	6	""" Then sleep well , my golden queen , "" she whispered back then exited the cham ."
tr	8	""" My dear , the servants are beginning to talk ."
tr	7	I found nothing but fox dens or rabbit holes .
tr	7	By the third day of battle the Army of Mexico had removed their forces to a safe distance .
tr	7	He 'd choke the gigantic freak with it .
tr	7	Finally , I couldn 't take it anymore , and my eyes wandered over to him .
tr	11	There was several supply cylinders of what looked like liquid gas .
tr	8	she said when we entered the outer room .
tr	6	""" A person directing multiple human sims ... "" said William ."
tr	7	As he spoke he slipped an arm around her waist pulling her closer again .
tr	8	The ' end of the world ' seemed apt and had arrived without fanfare or warning .
tr	8	Chase turned to face the princess .
tr	6	The big red hood hid all the face , apart from a long white beard .
tr	8	""" Look , "" she called out , pointing to her display ."
tr	10	Tia asked to hear them perform the single .
tr	8	Another growl , this one more of a cry and the bear responded with a warbling growl .
tr	9	Lord Brogan paused , lifting one eyebrow in inquiry .
tr	6	""" Sinus tach , "" Dr. Stadler cried out in relief ."
tr	6	In 1822 Stephen Austin arrived in southeast Texas with his hand-picked families .
tr	6	I swiveled my gaze , and sure enough , there it was .
tr	8	Yes , for a few minutes , but what did that matter now ?
tr	11	""" They know they cannot break down the Door of the Eagle ."
tr	6	Cobb just shook his head and kept driving .
tr	10	In comparison to what they 'd just been through , this was a cakewalk .
tr	7	Frank walked around his truck , reached into the cab , found his work shorts and stepped into them .
tr	6	Two wolves circle the tree , while the third one digs , he thought .
tr	7	The moment the bomb hit the griffin , four roots jumped out of the ground and wrapped around the purple fae .
tr	8	""" Abby , what did I told you ?"
tr	11	Am I walking the path of those who displease the Almighty ?
tr	11	Carey would have liked to watch him work .
tr	8	Joe yanked back on Melody 's shoulder , breaking Ted 's grasp on her hand .
tr	11	It was so fast he almost didn 't see it happening .
tr	6	Large tree trunks circled the space , completely green with ivy and moss .
tr	6	At the proper time , the barrels were tapped and the brew sampled .
tr	9	"You 're invited over for dinner at my place any time . """
tr	10	difcult to get used to .
tr	8	""" You 're my directing little girl , "" Mrs. Collins said and let go of her ."
tr	8	His wife Judy was killed in a hit and run while jogging one morning .
tr	9	Jenny was convinced after seeing that .
tr	9	Ted put two fingers in the corners of his mouth and gave a sharp whistle .
tr	9	They heard Ahmad stumble out of the stairwell into the dark lobby and stop , apparently orienting himself to the room .
tr	11	I had another meeting on the bridge and told everyone to be on their toes and again told Joe .
tr	10	How would they react to their lands being savagely attacked ?
tr	5	No , that was not fair .
tr	6	Jay never left my side , he was either holding my waist , hand or shoulder .
tr	10	There was no talk about returning to the old site .
tr	9	""" And would have succeeded , but for good luck . """
tr	7	She felt sweaty and gigantic even though she knew .
tr	7	Even here , on the other side of the world , I can 't get it right .
tr	9	Or was it because he had found his life richer there ?
tr	9	When she took four more steps toward them and held out her hand again , Scott watched her expression .
tr	6	""" Okay , and what was your name again , "" asks Mrs. Snow ."
tr	8	""" Walk fast , but don 't run -- that would draw even more attention . """
tr	5	"One wrong move and you 're a dead man ! """
tr	11	"She knows many things she won 't say to me . """
tr	7	""" If someone got sick or injured , "" Joanna went on , "" they 'd be finished . """
tr	9	""" Sir , if what you 're saying is true , then I think you have a bigger problem ."
tr	6	""" Eating an authentic Irish breakfast , are you ? """
tr	11	Branden was a comforting presence too , which helped to settle him down .
tr	10	Therefore , it is imperative that you come with me right away sir .
tr	10	This underclass was clear to see in housing estates all around the country .
tr	9	"And stop calling me London . """
tr	10	The people does not know who they were battling with .
tr	7	He smiled at me grimly .
tr	8	The night of Otto 's death , they were furious .
tr	7	It had been her fourth winter and she was quite old for a Fence Lizard .
tr	7	Then they started plowing again .
tr	11	I mean I hope she just dates me now .
tr	5	Katherine I 'm , really , very proud . '
tr	5	How angry had Lady Adele been ?
tr	6	Some were long and some were short , some were deep and some weren 't .
tr	8	""" I spent the last three months in solitude for a variety of reasons ."
tr	6	They were loose and baggy - several sizes too large .
tr	10	Realization seemed to finally come to Jacobs and he smiled .
tr	10	This was not a place to be left behind .
tr	9	' Okay enough , ' John said standing offering Katherine his hand .
tr	9	Mark reached across to a handset hung up in the elevator .
tr	8	What was she to do ?
tr	10	It was furnished with beautiful antique furniture and equipped with modern appliances discretely hidden away .
tr	9	""" When we first met , you said Finn was a friendly name , "" Rafe swallowed awkwardly ."
tr	7	He stretched his arms over his head and scratched his chest and then sat back down on his cot .
tr	9	I 'm at the primary school , Ruth asked me to collect Sky but she isn 't here .
tr	8	Looking round her old room , Claire shivered at an unexpected wave of nostalgia .
tr	11	I take it the main requirements will be medical rather than clothing ? '
tr	11	These guys are dressed just like the group that attacked Azure .
tr	10	""" It 's a bit like that in the RAF , "" said Archie ."
tr	11	We have several Tennessee Valley Authority guys here who escaped from the east and worked at dams .
tr	5	As a result , the tanks let off an audible hum all the time .
tr	10	Sofia laid in silence , gazing at the stranger on her face .
tr	8	""" May I join you ? """
tr	10	' Looks like it 'll be a decent video , ' Danny said .
tr	10	"You 'll blow her brains out as soon as I turn my back . """
tr	11	It was time to start courting her .
tr	9	Also areas not in use are powered down to conserve energy .
tr	9	Kevin gave her a little tug on the sleeve and started toward the other end of the dining room .
tr	10	""" It 's nice to be back home , "" said Bethany ."
tr	9	They had to withstand all the elements and pressures atmospheric and space travel would load on them .
tr	10	He charged forward as the shapeshifter climbed back to its feet , its chest caved in .
tr	9	Behind him , Len Doyle sat at the wheel of his skiff , maneuvering across the narrow channel toward their destination .
tr	9	Setting the precious document aside , he picked up the phone to call the company lawyer .
tr	6	He looks so much like his father .
tr	6	Then I tied the dark green ribbon in my hair on the highest braid .
tr	10	I felt my blisters start to disappear .
tr	8	""" I know that our betrothal is not easy ."
tr	7	Annie : dresses like a Sunday evening period drama , lives with her granddad ... and fights like a ninja .
tr	8	She looked across the hostel car park at the residential brick building of Sheringham YHA .
tr	11	Then , reconsidering , he rationalized to himself , ' What would be the harm ? '
tr	10	I was used to being hit on .
tr	8	""" 007 , please locate Dr. Alfred Harland on the receptionist security connection , "" said William ."
tr	7	Chip had a lot of time on his hands these days .
tr	11	She saw me and frantically began struggling in a desperate attempt to free herself .
tr	10	There was simply no way to get them all .
tr	10	""" You would like to kill me , wouldn 't you , sweetheart ? """
tr	8	If anything the numbers were growing at an alarming rate .
tr	7	The one in front threw back her hood , revealing Mana .
tr	8	He just wanted to impress his friends .
tr	6	""" Not only that , "" Jacob said , "" she wasn 't keen on me , either . """
tr	8	We 'd escape into the sunshine , maybe stop at a caf and sip a few lattes .
tr	6	Josie and Jimmy were already getting back inside .
tr	11	Helen wanted to believe he was honorable .
tr	7	John looked at her and nodded .
tr	9	I ain 't gon na hurt ya .
tr	5	""" Did you say ' warm ' water ? """
tr	11	""" I was just fortunate enough to be born with a Shadow center ."
tr	10	Ted had known exactly where he was going and now he was getting close to his destination .
tr	10	I guessed the farmer had bought Sally 's fields .
tr	8	""" But Mummy says I mustn 't , "" the chick replied sensibly ."
tr	7	""" What am I to do ?"
tr	7	The official Extravaganza sign-up was taped to the front counter .
tr	7	At the upper end of the clearing was a 20-foot cliff separating them from higher ground above .
tr	10	We did , our feet carrying us through the throng of party-goers .
tr	9	""" You were the one who made first contact ."
tr	10	""" Oskar was supposed to bring the news , but he fell from his horse just as he was leaving ."
tr	11	It was like trying to drown a cork .
tr	6	""" Well then , let 's see ... one , two , three , four , and maybe five . """
tr	9	She walked up and saw she was third .
tr	6	He looked again at Rafe .
tr	6	""" Yes , but mankind is too weak , so it will never happen ."
tr	6	""" It 's rather long , yes , "" Mana replied ."
tr	7	The darkness gave way to light and the tunnel disgorged them into the sun .
tr	9	"You draw trouble like honey draws flies . """
tr	7	He stroked his chin delicately and finally nodded in approval .
tr	9	"Do you want it ? """
tr	8	Then she was falling , falling in silent , blind terror .
tr	7	""" What would you have me do ? """
tr	7	""" At the end of the Great War they were married ."
tr	7	I stared at the blue eyes so alike to mine .
tr	10	When they heard from where I was , they were amazed .
tr	9	Somehow I managed to get to the bedroom door .
tr	10	Mac couldn 't believe someone would do this .
tr	9	"David stay back for a while would you . """
tr	11	How could she have left home without taking anything with her ?
tr	9	The radiation detectors went through the main cargo area of the Galaxy and found nothing amiss .
tr	7	With all the excitement of the day , time had simply flown by .
tr	7	Roberto sat and ate his meal , tasting nothing of the delicious food .
tr	8	Where the industrial might of civilization had reared so proudly , there was flame .
tr	10	I noticed you couldn 't open the door from the inside .
tr	8	This journey must be made in the light .
tr	8	A group of balding men walked in wearing trench coats .
tr	11	She assumed that meant it had worked .
tr	7	""" This enhanced hearing , "" I tap my ear , "" could come in handy . """
tr	9	Standing back up , Zelda shifts her gaze back to the woman .
tr	9	""" No , but I know we 're outnumbered and we need every man . """
tr	9	""" But that doesn 't change the risk she presents . """
tr	5	"In his opinion , they are silly and messy , even artificial ones . """
tr	5	""" Of course , "" she answered ."
tr	9	Quickly realizing several of the children are carrying loafs of bread , Zelda decides to intervene .
tr	9	""" I told Stalin that you were back here , "" Gabriel clipped ."
tr	11	She stood , frozen for a moment , staring at the manure and holding the rope attached to the horse .
tr	8	He had signed them as his last official duty before resigning .
tr	9	The t-shirt he wore under his blazer bore a silhouette of Che Guevara 's face .
tr	8	The Bastian tech 's voice came over the earpiece with a faint buzz of static .
tr	11	Something had to happen to break the deafening silence .
tr	8	Claire , I need to see you .
tr	5	After five endlessly long rings , Shirl Remington 's answering machine clicked on .
tr	7	Elaina sat at the table across from Landon , nursing her lukewarm tea .
tr	8	I gripped the sides of the table and stared him down .
tr	6	The first time , he brought fresh eggs back with him .
tr	6	A puffy white orb was pushed forth -- a blind , third eye opening .
tr	8	CHAPTER TWELVE They needed more bullets .
tr	7	But across the gorge to the east , it was nothing but a sheer mountain cliff .
tr	6	""" Oh man ... , "" Nathan whispers , "" he 's got her . """
tr	5	Through the open window , a three-quarter moon was visible .
tr	9	When he turned to her finally , out of breath , his eyes were again that dark ochre colour .
tr	8	His car chimed , jolting him back to the moment .
tr	6	She helped him the second time , then led him along the bank .
tr	8	I 've got to pack .
tr	8	A pitcher with wine and glasses awaited them and a servant girl was already pouring it for them , hands shaking .
tr	11	They camped wherever they found themselves when daylight ran out .
tr	8	He ran down the short hallway , past the men 's and ladies room , and started up the stairs .
tr	8	""" Ah , doctor , "" Alita said , "" so good to see you ."
tr	10	""" Do you have the Sack with you ? """
tr	11	""" Did you ken it was him ?"
tr	8	He held her closer to his hard body , feeling her stirring .
tr	9	My forefather had saved Logan 's ancestor 's life and I was a noble as a result .
tr	6	Bruce leaves out the back exit , no longer the Student Body President .
tr	8	""" We won 't be alone for long , "" she said ."
tr	8	Brand shrugged off a spear of envy at these people 's enchanted lives , though now they were long dead .
tr	6	"But with all the city gates closed - "" "" The city gates are closed ? """
tr	8	They could see the dark blot of a vehicle coming close to a defile on the other side .
tr	10	""" I 'll have her moved upstairs to the attics , "" she said ."
tr	10	I took the first set of stairs up two flights and followed the woman as she went to the right .
tr	10	The coffins are sucked into space along with all the air .
tr	7	""" I 'm so sorry , Amy , "" he said , opening his arms ."
tr	10	What really matters is that he 's incredibly loyal to Martin , Phillip , and myself .
tr	5	""" Yes sir , "" an enthusiastic voice responds ."
tr	7	It looked more like a Travelodge than the YHA buildings she had stayed in recently .
tr	11	"We 'll have to make plans for tomorrow night instead . """
tr	8	Elaina sighed , staring at the map .
tr	6	The second floor had four bedrooms , a kitchen , living , dining , and game rooms .
tr	6	The sheer white curtains fluffed in and out in rhythm with the breeze .
tr	9	""" I 've got two guys to your direct front , and another two moving to flank you . """
tr	9	He gave everything in devoted service and never allowed himself to make attachments .
tr	8	By morning , neither had slept more than an hour and both were frozen to the innermost sinew .
tr	5	""" For the most part , yes , "" he says ."
tr	6	The dog wagged its tail , cocked its head , and licked his hand .
tr	11	I do think you 're unusual .
tr	6	Warm , musty air , thick and heavy rose up from the hole .
tr	9	We 'll stand guard on the flock in the meantime .
tr	8	Valerian shook himself like a lion shaking her mane .
tr	7	""" Let me get help . """
tr	9	""" If there 's any problems with docking , it 'll be because of our friends in California . """
tr	5	""" Hey there Tom , you took quite a beating last night ."
tr	10	The Minister refused to rise to Gorn 's aggressive posturing .
tr	9	They 're trying to rattle you .
tr	7	""" But , money causes - "" Thomas began but , Angela grasped his hands lovingly ."
tr	7	As she did , a zillion photos flew off the bed and floated to the bedroom floor like confetti .
tr	10	""" Whatever would I do without you here to set me straight ? """
tr	8	""" Yes , "" smiled Scarborough , "" But how does he carry it ? """
tr	7	They call destroying Earth an experiment ?
tr	8	"Everyone 's heads snapped up , searching the heavens and Dane yelled "" Where , which direction ? """
tr	5	' No , of course not , sweetie , ' he replied quickly .
tr	8	Byron trailed off , unknowingly echoing Lord Collin 's words from earlier .
tr	8	One was a qualified diesel mechanic the other specialized in unarmed combat .
tr	7	""" Can you get a new ID and passport for her , too ?"
tr	10	It was rare to see my boss in such a foul mood .
tr	11	"She thought you a prince , and Truth only knows what she thought of me , "" declared Elaina ."
tr	8	""" It 's to help Gan ."
tr	7	She gave her satchel a tentative sniff and nearly choked .
tr	7	You will leave your luggage and then we 'll go and visit the Mill family .
tr	11	Even if I , somehow , had an intuition what will be next .
tr	7	Fear of anything and everything , but mostly because I 'm so damn tired .
tr	8	Her curiosity was waking her up , but it could be worth it .
tr	8	The survivors are regrouping and will be extracted soon .
tr	9	The swords touched with a scrape and clang of metal ; the jolt travelled up Rafe 's arm painfully .
tr	6	"He 's leaving the park . """
tr	6	"You had us on a real goose chase there for a while . """
tr	8	The Vampire blood keeping them alive is not like regular Human blood , it isn 't being produced by them .
tr	7	The next moment was a blur of movement .
tr	10	A single lamp hangs from the ceiling , the flickering fire emitting a purplish glow .
tr	8	Rafe did not turn from his task but became even more intently focused upon it .
tr	10	""" We 're , uh , we 're replacements , "" I gasped at last ."
tr	10	"If this is something we may accomplish with the least amount of danger , so much the better . """
tr	7	""" You 're not really selling the whole parenting thing to me . """
tr	8	* Claire looked at the tiny craft bobbing on the water , and thought better of her great idea .
tr	6	In the darkened living room , moonlight spilling in , Melissa sprawled on the couch .
tr	10	He explained what they were doing here and that he needed my help .
tr	11	There was a pause while Hagan slowly walked to collect his equipment .
tr	11	We dated for four years before finally deciding to get married .
tr	7	Rick said bye to Rob and thanked him .
tr	8	He is twice the size of Warrior and his dark black scales give him a fierce appearance .
tr	10	David stumbled against a root and caught himself from plowing face first into the ground .
tr	10	Why the problem with bringing Neil here to stay , Simon ?
tr	8	The boat strained at her lines as the rising wind roared down the harbour and buffeted the boat in her slip .
tr	9	He moved her closer to him to cover her nakedness and walked out of the circle .
tr	8	' Hi Katherine , ' she shouted over the music from the PA. ' Meet my friends . '
tr	9	Cade deliberately kicked a stone , and reveled in the pulse of pain .
tr	8	""" Patience , it 'll come in good time , "" I answered ."
tr	11	"I didn 't know what was in it -- all this stuff ? """
tr	9	I followed the rules and did what I was told .
tr	5	No answer , just a muffled sob , and then Dad took over again .
tr	6	""" Four French toasts , three strips of bacon , two fried eggs , and a partridge in a pear tree ."
tr	8	Of course you can buy yourself into anything today and he certainly could afford it .
tr	8	""" Is everyone playing golf tomorrow ? """
tr	9	Just a few moments ago he had been happy in spite of his restless night .
tr	11	Before long , it got louder , sometimes interrupted by shouts or curses as one man tried to convince another .
tr	11	A light flickers on , and I tuck my head to my chest to protect my eyes .
tr	8	"Toby stretched the cuff of his new suit sleeve , "" Then we have to hurry ."
tr	10	"Most people in the Marine Corps called me VIN for short , "" he said from below the stairs ."
tr	5	""" It 's okay , baby , just calm down , okay ? """
tr	7	"Just like all of their past adventures , this one will end on a happy note . """
tr	10	""" Well , kinda , but we 're going to help you ."
tr	10	""" Kind of a risk they don 't feel good about taking , you know ? """
tr	5	Slowly , very slowly , he opened his eyes .
tr	9	Steve perched his arms on the fender and watched , keeping a sideways eye on the nearby bear .
tr	6	A no-name basketball player , a minus game point average , no personality , intellect or interest outside a rubber orb .
tr	9	The Link between them flickered and faded as he swam feverishly forward .
tr	9	""" So , what are you planning for Valentine 's Day ? """
tr	11	"Isn 't it the one ... ? """
tr	11	""" Okay , Yin went off to find a mate while Yang remained behind ."
tr	10	Some of them were afraid they would come back .
tr	7	Both his lips were split and his guts felt like jelly .
tr	11	Happy to be in each other 's company , their mood was lively and flippant .
tr	7	"He can do it nice and quiet like . """
tr	7	she cried , sitting bolt upright .
tr	9	""" You 're Hennessy , aren 't you ? """
tr	5	""" You did , huh ? """
tr	5	After all , her reputation and her image fed the girl next door persona .
tr	7	I stood and went to the Courtier 's corpse .
tr	7	I thanked the guard for his help and then taped his mouth closed .
tr	5	"In a high pitched , squeaky voice he said , "" Yeah ."
tr	5	"Besides , the arrow is almost fully through . """
tr	5	The bulb 's soft glow gave the hallway and staircase an old romantic glow .
tr	6	""" We were tricked , "" the hag of an old woman said on her knees before me ."
tr	10	By the end , he was yelling , and the patrol ran to get out of our way .
tr	7	Within the visor of his helmet a display outlined his altitude , velocity , distance , and bearing from the target .
tr	6	In seconds , the wounds had filled in .
tr	9	There 's something going on here they want me to determine on my own .
tr	9	I kept thinking he might .
tr	9	I aimed for the solar plexus in order to knock you out .
tr	9	She turned to meet Eda 's disapproving look .
tr	11	Just prepubescent boys who claim to be men .
tr	7	Claire raised an eyebrow at Josh 's stained clothes , muddy trainers and unkempt hair .
tr	6	Her Roberto was deeply buried .
tr	10	They already knew that the Turks had raided the neighbouring villages and fortress and had taken appropriate measures .
tr	9	""" Yes , Benjamin , you know it 's us "" replied George ."
tr	6	""" Well , honey , I heard some bad news a little while ago , "" Mom said uncertainly ."
tr	8	Anderson pinned the bright shiny eagles to the collars of Nathan red flannel shirt .
tr	10	She swallowed and panicked as her airway felt closed with grit .
tr	6	Transportation , communications , food , housing and water were all gaining ground .
tr	8	He trailed off , feeling like an idiot .
tr	8	Fuchs isn 't one to take things lightly .
tr	8	"I have plans for that little bitch , "" Lance declares viciously ."
tr	9	"We must decide on a plan of action as quickly as possible . """
tr	9	I waved my hands to indicate the building around us .
tr	9	"I 'll be still here with my legs not working . """
tr	5	With every passing day the crisis afflicting Hyrule grows infinitely more complicated .
tr	11	You can create illusions of being bad boys , living outrageously without doing a thing .
tr	11	Elaina let him pull her into his chest in a crushing hug .
tr	9	It 's time to move , he thought .
tr	11	I just wish there were more to do .
tr	7	Rick smiled wickedly and reached for another .
tr	9	""" You worried there might be more George ? """
tr	7	Tears were flowing down his cheeks from laughter .
tr	8	There was an art to this and Beppe was certainly a master at it .
tr	8	Cade bowed slightly , touching his fingers to his forehead .
tr	7	They now entered a larger room , and the sound of the water was deafening .
tr	11	The only thing I 'm personally going to miss is cheese .
tr	8	""" I buy and sell companies like yours every day , son ."
tr	10	I kept asking where Tammy was , and he wouldn 't tell me .
tr	7	"Are we any safer ? """
tr	8	But the glass held , blackening under the terrific heat .
tr	7	Echo also wasn 't sure about his new commander .
tr	9	Tim was across the other side of the room , still asleep and snoring slightly .
tr	5	""" In a word , Fuchs was livid ."
tr	8	There is only one road leading to our cottage and that 's mostly dirt and rock .
tr	10	He paid his taxes and contributed to charities of his choice ... ... .
tr	9	His chest ached as he gasped for air .
tr	7	He looked around , then upward and spotted the CCTV cameras .
tr	11	"Seems weird that you would know where it was . """
tr	8	The sun was beginning to rise , in the east .
tr	9	Preston told me Blackie had been rescued .
tr	10	My father ended the program , but there was no way to undo the damage .
tr	5	""" We 're not home yet . """
tr	8	The way they moved made a man notice them .
tr	7	There , in the middle of the drop , was the symbol of the Book again .
tr	8	It was crazy , he knew , but ever since that day , things had not been right on the Rump .
tr	10	""" What do you think of the people in this place , Terr ? """
tr	5	""" No , it was someone , not something . """
tr	9	""" I checked it before I left , but thanks ."
tr	11	""" That 's what I imagined you 'd say ."
tr	9	The only similarity Adele could make out was their dark eyes , smouldering with great vitality .
tr	7	"He returned an hour later wounded . """
tr	11	Nathan noticed a large wooden sign posted to the front of the platform with bright blue painted words .
tr	6	""" Pants on fire , "" Gabe calls out ."
tr	8	Her brief flash of grief was gone , replaced by seething anger .
tr	5	""" Without warmth and water , plants wither and die . """
tr	9	""" Since when have you started believing in your brother 's little fairy tales ?"
tr	7	""" We can move again , Mom , "" Stephanie suggested at the door , looking tired and edgy ."
tr	11	Maria stepped forward , lifting her shotgun to her shoulder as her husband had taught her .
tr	9	They had to keep moving .
tr	9	A door to his left opened , and the second guard entered ... with four others .
tr	11	I couldn 't think about everything he 'd said , his visions , my death .
tr	10	I write apology letters to Ryan 's family , and this causes sweet torrents of pain to course through me .
tr	7	He paused , his hand on the roof , and leaned back in .
tr	10	"Are you ready to go ? """
tr	10	""" I already had him in my sights while you were still sawing logs . """
tr	9	Tania started to slid towards Lea .
tr	10	She wracked her brain as to the ' why ' of it but there was no answer .
tr	7	The sisters were silent for a second and then nodded their heads in agreement .
tr	10	""" Just a little wound up , I guess , because of what happened to Mr. Donovan . """
tr	8	Jennings had met a man through an internet chat room a few months before her disappearance .
tr	6	""" Had a busy day the other day ."
tr	8	If it does kill the parasite , she and Trevor will try and make an antidote out of it .
tr	8	He looks young and handsome , a goofy grin forms on his lips upon seeing his captain .
tr	9	And with that Michael lead Ben to the exit .
tr	6	Alex dug it out of a creek bank .
tr	7	Maybe I 'll go straight home to Karen and Henry .
tr	9	""" Will you stop whining ? """
tr	10	Satisfied he had control of the HS , he directed the unit to the front parking lot through the facility map .
tr	10	"I really do need to talk . """
tr	11	She had never imagined such good news would come of this meeting .
tr	9	""" Bastards , "" Kevin said softly as the final tally came up on the screen ."
tr	6	I looked through the powerful night vision glasses .
tr	6	""" Of course , I understand the reference , "" she said , in a caustic tone ."
tr	9	asked Beppe sheepishly , having guessed Simon 's reply .
tr	5	Together and silently , the pair exited the observation deck .
tr	10	""" I thought I could wait -- make sure ."
tr	11	""" It smells like someone set Chaz Bono on fire , "" Goodspeed said ."
tr	8	As she got out of the car , she could hear the noise from the road below .
tr	5	The flat , the job , the fit bloke .
tr	10	Her magnificent body seemed relaxed on the floor her beautiful face forever marred by the 9mm bullet .
tr	5	Look , Luc and I met a long , long time ago .
tr	8	The massive frame was square steel tube , about three inches in cross-section .
tr	5	By the fire was a small , square table and a single chair .
tr	5	' There 's not that much magic anywhere any more ! '
tr	7	' I know , ' said the social worker , ' this is a bad time .
tr	10	""" Great , now we don 't have to waste any more lighter fluid . """
tr	7	Aimee dropped everything and rushed at me .
tr	5	""" Who was that ? """
tr	11	None of them expected to get out of the building any time soon .
tr	5	Patty , your grandmother , and David , your uncle , and his wife Rachel and the kids Mitchell and Hannah .
tr	5	But he 's still alive .
tr	5	""" Where 's mine ? """
tr	7	I 'll let you decide .
tr	11	One woman was old and would have to be carried also .
tr	8	If they had gotten this far Scott wondered how much further they could get .
tr	7	She blushed , even under her mask .
tr	8	Then he floated into the end hatch , leaving the others open .
tr	7	One by one , each bullet miraculously missed it mark .
tr	8	And for being so beautiful . '
tr	8	She smiled , her body trembling with exhaustion and excitement .
tr	9	They were glad when I 'd finished , I think .
tr	8	""" Stay inside until we 're all up . """
tr	5	' Forty-eight hours later , he killed me . '
tr	8	"But , rumor has it they 've discovered evidence of his complicity on The Main . """
tr	11	The chamber was beautifully furnished with large floor pillows and fine rugs that covered the marble floor .
tr	9	So , that was what the man asked on him on her vision .
tr	6	""" Like I said , it wasn 't really a lie ."
tr	9	Regardless of his flaws , it had been clear that Joseph loved Adele .
tr	6	Maybe I should loosen the ties .
tr	10	Is there no way we can divert that income without those papers ?
tr	8	He tried to talk but his words jumbled together and he spoke nonsense .
tr	9	Soon after being exposed to the contagion , victims exhibit symptoms typical of many viral infections .
tr	7	The three fell silent , and Mark 's gaze alternated between Jon and Kimberly .
tr	7	He turned away from the stone steps , and stopped dead .
tr	7	""" That still leaves us with the enigma itself : the cube ."
tr	6	The sky is blue and pale , a welcome sight , and the sun is warm but gentle after the desert .
tr	8	' What about road blocks , aerial surveillance , c. . . ' ?
tr	11	No one moved a muscle as he marched outside , with me trailing bemused behind .
tr	10	""" Sure you want to know ? """
tr	11	George often wondered if he wasn 't a relative of Hector 's but what the hell .
tr	8	The guard jerked awake , his feet dropping to the floor .
tr	8	I glanced at the man at the back of the room .
tr	9	The vacuum of light is too much for Midna to resist , while the dark portal immediately lays claim to Zelda .
tr	10	""" True , but we need to have a secure , organized plan . """
tr	9	Toby shared the video , audio and text console message feeds with the group .
tr	8	Chris asked , raising his head to glance at the professor .
tr	6	"I trust you , "" he gave her a small but meaningful smile ."
tr	9	"You had gained what you ask for . """
tr	8	Dagger rolls to his feet and looks out the bars at the huge dragon .
tr	10	It was a peculiar word , but it was certainly derived from the old language of the Order .
tr	8	In a flash she had pushed herself off of him and disappeared into the trees .
tr	11	Click , click , click , the torque wrench sounded to signal its approval for the correct tension of the bolts .
tr	5	On smaller jets , like the Lear , that isn 't the case .
tr	10	He thought it was bad for business .
tr	8	The two children were a true delight to him and he could not thank her enough for such a joy .
tr	10	All staff are confined to base until further notice . '
tr	11	I assume drinking once a week weakens these foreigners ' alcohol intake .
tr	10	His keen eyes noted intricate knots tied at the end of each .
tr	10	A few times , we went under into the cold depths , and just barely in time , emerged again .
tr	11	Pale light trickles through the cover and casts a pall across the lush forestry that lines the highway .
tr	11	Those were the sorts of guests Landon kept an eye out for .
tr	7	Nathan deliberately removed his hat and held it out in his left hand .
tr	10	I have to know what happened .
tr	6	""" I didn 't ... I mean -- "" "" And no disappearing . """
tr	8	""" Tell me of the two kingdoms of the north . """
tr	8	Socrates willingly gave his life because he was a patriot .
tr	10	""" Why are these people so happy to see us ?"
tr	7	""" Why did you walk up to the prison ? """
tr	5	A look of wonder in her eyes at the simple miracle of a beating heart .
tr	6	Little staggering steps take me to the second bookshelf .
tr	9	""" I 'm afraid to ask , "" Taylor laughed ."
tr	9	However , the leaders of the robots have paid a high price for this violation of the higher laws .
tr	7	Ted shook the GPS unit out of its pouch and powered it up .
tr	7	She was grateful for the man .
tr	6	Between that and the bath , he was soon asleep .
tr	11	I stood still thinking at what is the worst .
tr	6	"Drop your weapons , "" spoke a woman 's voice behind us , further up the passage ."
tr	6	""" Yes , "" he nods , with more certainty ."
tr	8	He lay on his back in a shallow puddle of inky water .
tr	8	But if there were four then six , they should never be discounted .
tr	8	"What you are doing with CPU 1 , Toby ? """
tr	9	"The JP is just something we made up . """
tr	8	It wasn 't one of enhanced appreciation or decreased enthusiasm , it was just different .
tr	10	""" How do you know they 're following us ? """
tr	11	Its wings flapped feebly , blowing gusts of wind out that blew the toppled pool furniture further away .
tr	11	The normal guard looked bored and kept checking back over his shoulder at the abandoned gate .
tr	10	Why does it have to be like this ? '
tr	10	He took off down the hill at a run to gather his remaining two men and get going .
tr	11	Virgil let his mouth open in disbelief , before he began to shout again .
tr	10	I think it 's good for you .
tr	8	""" Then best be gettin ' dressed now , ya hear ? """
tr	7	The room , the clock , your chair and my attitude , were all a very well planned attack .
tr	9	Landing in front of the chest , Rift smiles and quickly trots toward the pedestal .
tr	10	""" Why did we wait this long to start helping ? """
tr	9	"Anderson made a quick decision and said without ceremony , "" Lieutenant Myers , I hereby promote you to Captain ."
tr	9	She looked at Cisco , panic filling her dark brown eyes .
tr	6	""" Night dad , "" Tori said and snuggled in her bed ."
tr	7	After a moment , Chris felt his stomach settle and stood .
tr	5	' Not just life , I reckon , ' said Albert .
tr	10	"We 're also well into the training of a new group of Border Scouts . """
tr	11	He responded in a voice that sounded like an echo .
tr	5	The dark tattoo designs slid up and down his neck and chest .
tr	7	After we took Vetter out , we had less than two minutes before the local police arrived .
tr	10	She told us everything she knew .
tr	9	Alejo tried to tell himself he should be happy .
tr	6	The blade pierced my heart in a single savage blow .
tr	9	I want to know why .
tr	7	"For the sake of my people , and yours ... do this . """
tr	5	""" Don 't you have three ? """
tr	8	Their taxi driver honked twice merrily and waited , still tapping the steering wheel to the rhythm .
tr	7	Suddenly , Bea bared her teeth , turned the trident on Angus , and pointed it towards his chest .
tr	10	I get in one of them and I told the drive in Greek to take me at Blue Paradise Hotel .
tr	9	Allan shuffled us from one group to another stopping for a just a perfunctory introduction and handshake .
tr	7	His free hand grabbed my wrist with the knife and he threw me over his back .
tr	8	he asked when linked his arm .
tr	7	In remote regions a few small pockets of lawlessness still existed here and there , but there weren 't many .
tr	7	""" Go on , "" I said , my anger slowly dissipated ."
tr	7	"In that regard reality was very convincing to me . """
tr	9	A derby hat sat on top of his grey head , and he had a long wizard 's beard .
tr	8	Before making the journey across the Caribbean , we needed to top off our water tanks .
tr	7	Like I said , there aren 't any secrets on the Rump .
tr	7	"I have a sister and she works in Dublin . """
tr	7	""" It 's Ibuprofen , "" he said , mouth twisting wryly ."
tr	9	"I 'll deal with the horses on the morrow as the good man suggests . """
tr	10	""" And that 's how we 'll get you past the checkpoint ."
tr	10	"He looked out of the doorway and shouted to some unseen companion , "" Bring the lot of them in !"
tr	7	"Doctor Dresden , the moment we dock , move the captain to the integration chamber and begin your procedure . """
tr	10	Quick , I clean myself fearing my mascara will die .
tr	10	""" It 's of little importance Gema ... bit of a shot in the dark . """
tr	5	For a heartbeat , I kind of liked this invisible watcher thing .
tr	7	I sheathed the swords , drew the weapons from the holsters at my hips and stepped out of the lift .
tr	8	Sweat broke out all over my body in a rush of heat .
tr	8	He kept grinning at her .
tr	6	"Immediately , he heard the sentry circuit 's hum , then a deep male voice : "" Post Nine clear . """
tr	7	She should know , he was her friend and he was very , very protective about her .
tr	6	The position of her lips , the line of her nose , it was all so familiar .
tr	7	I will capture this target and General Tani will be pleased .
tr	7	""" This is where you work ? """
tr	8	That 's how they discovered the murder .
tr	8	"I deserve a monumental ' I told you so . "" '"
tr	9	Neil crossed his eyes and made one eyeball swivel back and forth .
tr	7	They gathered their purchases and headed for the checkout .
tr	6	The response held no pride , no shame , no emotion really .
tr	7	He flipped it over on the newsstand counter and grabbed a pen from the counter .
tr	11	We have to assume they know the timeline by now .
tr	5	There are no later pictures .
tr	7	""" Abby , do not throw rocks on me ."
tr	6	""" Yes ; First Clan , Second Clan and Third Clan . """
tr	7	""" How in the devil 's name did you manage this Scarborough ? """
tr	6	""" I 'm sorry , sir , "" said the polite and cheerful voice ."
tr	9	I want you to perform as a trained operator .
tr	8	""" This is why we are here boys ."
tr	5	""" Right , right , You 're quite right , sir ."
tr	6	A bit like hostages or people stranded on a broken bus .
tr	10	Ted sidestepped in response , keeping a safe distance between him and Joe .
tr	5	In the looming darkness , his eyes glowed an eerie blue-white .
tr	8	That had to be them .
tr	9	Logan took my idea , doing the same in the seat across from me .
tr	6	Logan held up his hands and stood up .
tr	7	The little girl took another step forward and held out her hand again .
tr	8	For their part , Logan and Jacob began retreating towards the perimeter .
tr	8	Why don 't we wake Alex and go to bed ?
tr	7	""" Oh no , Prince , I will be your mage , I will save you , not kill you ! """
tr	8	""" I had some checking to do . """
tr	10	The children found refuge , only to be bound in iron discipline .
tr	10	' Beta ' asked whilst closely staring at Simon fighting his way up the street .
tr	9	He had examined several of these connections , and now wished he hadn 't .
tr	7	""" Can I have some water and food , please ? """
tr	10	"Don 't worry , please , I will be fine . """
tr	5	""" For example , we perceive solid , liquid , gas - matter ."
tr	9	Liam tried to let himself calm .
tr	9	""" Then there seems little else to decide upon , "" stated Rafe , breaking the silence ."
tr	9	he asked , knowing she wasn 't .
tr	8	The one holding the center of the ring is his target .
tr	7	They saw nothing but could feel a presence .
tr	6	""" Captain Stivers , "" Jeff read the name on the jacket aloud ."
tr	7	A glow surrounded Hagan 's body , and soon enough the burn marks on his skin slowly disappeared .
tr	7	"She leaves on the new sky ship , tonight , "" I nod then view Grandmother , saying ."
tr	8	I humbly apologize for my previous attempts to kill you .
tr	9	Her narrowed gaze shifted to my left .
tr	6	""" Not yet , "" he promised , "" First just kick -- like this . """
tr	6	""" Well , we both are , "" Tori said and she and Stacy took out their birthstone necklaces ."
tr	8	"Even in the best of times , too many are forced to suffer . """
tr	7	""" It must be the wind , "" Mana said , giving her a quick prod ."
tr	10	"Think you can handle that ? """
tr	10	""" No she won 't , because I 've already told her , "" Tim 's mother cut in ."
tr	8	More than the screwdriver on her neck , the waves of claustrophobia nearly made her panic .
tr	6	Suddenly a bright blue wave of energetic light blasted out from the stone wall behind Eben .
tr	10	That way the eggs would maintain a steady core temperature as they developed over the next sixteen days .
tr	5	""" But just so you know , your brother has a life , too ."
tr	6	A tear slowly trailed down one soft cheek , and with a silent curse , Damen wiped it away .
tr	8	Inside were the usual closed sterile rooms , this time five of them .
tr	8	Chase stretched his hand to her and make a creepy , blue fire image out of it .
tr	9	""" Come now , you have never sat so close to me before -- Darin frightened you ."
tr	9	I 'm sorry I kissed you .
tr	6	At this the trooper raised his rifle to eye level with Brazen .
tr	7	""" Don 't even think about it . """
tr	10	You never should have touched me , Firstborn , for now you cannot win .
tr	11	Dane starts talking about the Aboriginal people and some of their customs .
tr	10	Make sure you link up with them .
tr	6	""" That isn 't necessary , Roger , "" the earl said in a tight , controlled voice ."
tr	10	The tall man bowed to Neil and went to kiss his wife 's cheek .
tr	9	The boys did exactly as ' dad ' had told them .
tr	9	He held up his good hand , as if to shield himself .
tr	9	"Only because I 've been training people for Spy Games . """
tr	10	If he showed her what he was thinking , she would have an edge on him .
tr	8	She calmed him like a mother calms a child .
tr	6	After an awkward silence , however , Jon had still said nothing .
tr	8	"I was looking for the toilets , "" mumbled Simon "" Sure !"
tr	9	What had he been thinking , if anything ?
tr	5	* * * Our first mission .
tr	5	"How much do you have ? """
tr	7	""" Oh stop it , "" Mai laughs , sounding embarrassed by the flattery ."
tr	9	So ever so slowly I let air escape out the side of my mouth .
tr	9	He smiled grimly his face turning hard .
tr	6	Without his family and friends it would be just another day .
tr	8	"I said , "" Damn glad you did . """
tr	6	""" That 's just it , "" Joseph said , sighing ."
tr	8	' Haven 't you used the same ones in the past ? '
tr	11	"You must have left it on where you were swimming . """
tr	11	This would alert the waiting snatch squads when the terrorists left the premises .
tr	7	Oil splashed outward , ignited , and a length of bridge several feet long was instantly awash in flame .
tr	7	In just a few short days her heart was pulling toward the rogue .
tr	8	""" Yeoman , report to the CIC and take your station for combat operations , "" the captain orders ."
tr	10	It was as though he had forgotten them , his task , even their surroundings .
tr	7	""" You can put your arms down , lieutenant , "" said Captain Green in a low voice ."
tr	8	He cleaned up any mess from Peyton wrapping my injury , then brushed my hair out of my face .
tr	11	Tom who was going to die .
tr	8	He knew that Red Talon had a bad wound .
tr	11	It 'd been a while since I 'd seen a Lag , and I 'd forgotten their size .
tr	5	""" Tunnel Rat and Spirit just took over ."
tr	10	Something had woken them and when Roberto looked out , he could see a shadow passing under the door .
tr	10	"Do I make myself clear , sir ? """
tr	6	"More of a weekend cabin , not really a tourist rental ? """
tr	10	' You 're not allowed to rough him up , ' he added tersely .
tr	8	The exchange had been agreed upon beforehand .
tr	9	""" The rest of ' em won 't fight on without the head of the snake ."
tr	10	Ricky was grateful for one more day with Lex the way it used to be .
tr	6	Even as they watched , small white lights were winking off .
tr	7	First , the Orb had not been defeated : the Falcon had not been found .
tr	8	""" What you want to know ? """
tr	10	Presumed they 're a change of clothes and thought you may want them .
tr	7	""" Sorry if I 'm late , "" she breezed ."
tr	9	""" I believe maintained is a more accurate description ."
tr	7	""" Yes , those are the cycles of the seasons ."
tr	7	In the corner the double bed with its tatty but straightened orange quilt awaited its owner .
tr	6	""" Your bus has been bombed ? """
tr	7	A low growl sounded in his throat and rose to a loud pitch .
tr	7	the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
tr	7	He was a club , and the city of Vale little more than an overripe fruit .
tr	7	""" Now , Mana , where do we begin ? """
tr	7	You 'd be more comfortable and it would be more private .
tr	10	We could not have chosen a more opportune time to begin this crossing .
tr	10	What will he have to do for her in the future ?
tr	11	"Do you want to come ? """
tr	8	""" Knew him well when I was younger ."
tr	6	What a beautiful name for a beautiful girl !
tr	9	He tried to open an eye , but it was too heavy .
tr	11	It 's only become risky since we 've pushed the single ourselves so hard .
tr	7	Something in her voice spurred him on , and at last he found his speed .
tr	5	""" Hello "" , Abby and I saluted polite ."
tr	10	Victor straightened from where he leaned against the canal wall .
tr	6	""" No , I 'm not , I 'm sorry , you 're not a freak , you 're not . """
tr	11	The guys could even be sent after him to kill him .
tr	10	"Besides , it 's what I would do myself , especially since that tunnel is forbidden . """
tr	6	Medical equipment , cabinets , and tables were in abundance .
tr	9	I didn 't know what to say .
tr	10	"Ok , let 's see if you can do it again with the second strong hold ! """
tr	11	She squirmed and writhed against him trying to get away .
tr	6	""" Leave me alone . """
tr	9	"Do you need anything ? """
tr	11	""" Do you want Grace to pick some greens ? """
tr	10	She had to get him to talk .
tr	10	Connor inquired further being ruffled with Michael 's gruff tone .
tr	11	The car was warm and the old man was glad to be back in it .
tr	7	The IV bag was hanging from the old coat rack next to my bed , completely empty .
tr	11	Eventually , the man was promoted to be the minister of finance .
tr	8	We could have gone away to Germany or Canada together .
tr	9	The Daemon took a step forward into the light of a nearby torch and the Prince froze .
tr	10	He did want to pounce .
tr	10	They couldn 't believe what they saw with their own eyes .
tr	8	"We 've become such companions , I hate to leave them . """
tr	10	You are ten times more controlled than I was at your age .
tr	6	""" Jess hide , "" Tori said and they both crunched down ."
tr	11	He knew their fears though he thought they were unfounded .
tr	9	He appeared twisted and distorted , as if he were no longer human .
tr	9	She tumbled from the saddle onto the hard , muddy road , cracking her helmet as she hit .
tr	7	The aura pulsing from the statuette almost formed a tangible wall of force .
tr	6	With a smile , she held her arms out to Riki and Neil .
tr	7	The girl 's hand moves faster , her quill gouging the pages of the book .
tr	5	"I even got my own love island . """
tr	8	Blood oozed from a jagged , gaping wound on his grimy forehead .
tr	9	""" It first uses two hybrid rockets with a mixture of solid and liquid fuels ."
tr	7	Some of the money fell out of their pockets , but was still floating nearby .
tr	7	These rules could only amended by Jim , Herb , or myself .
tr	10	They spent the rest of the afternoon preparing the dessert and joking around .
tr	6	He looked at Taylor with a quizzical look .
tr	6	' Missile 's fine , ' I said , ' he 's in his stable . '
tr	8	""" Now I am for bed , children , so off you go ."
tr	6	Someone was in the house .
tr	6	"It will be more comfortable . """
tr	6	""" Get ' er up , "" he barked harshly ."
tr	11	If the man was the unreasonable sort , he probably wasn 't who they were looking for anyway , thought Anderson .
tr	7	""" Looking forward to it ! """
tr	10	Rusty carried on where Denzel had left off .
tr	6	""" Oh , I don 't know , "" now Karen lied ."
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	10	He also thought he should consult with Mr. Clancy .
tr	10	""" Let 's say that I am ."
tr	9	A sloppy one-two combination is knocked aside as Link counters with two rapid lefts to the body .
tr	8	""" Carlos is in love with her . """
tr	5	I watch her energy too .
tr	11	He 'd only been there a few minutes when a voice from behind startled him .
tr	7	Two large , comfy , reclining chairs , paired with a matching sofa , surrounded the rug .
tr	8	The Screaming Skull was bearing down upon him , his face purple with rage .
tr	9	""" No doubt you 're keen to return home . """
tr	8	The others were easy to understand , for good or ill .
tr	10	""" You 're the one supposed to find them ."
tr	7	"All we know is what the royalty wore . """
tr	10	It would be good to have her along .
tr	9	He scrambled up to the summit of the spire and looked toward the horizons .
tr	11	I watched with a keen eye as he set up everything on the floor of my living room .
tr	10	' Wan na make yourself useful Austin ? '
tr	8	The skin was not like that of a normal human .
tr	7	Her mount was frisky , lithe , and spirited , yet she moved easily and naturally with it .
tr	8	She had a heavy bag in each hand and another even bigger one over her shoulder .
tr	9	""" Even if , like with young John , I tell you to stay back at camp ? """
tr	10	' Tense atmosphere , what 's going on ? '
tr	8	We swamped the new big box stores and gorged on the low priced imports .
tr	11	All the better for us , although it doesn 't make our job any more appetizing .
tr	6	""" It 's a mystery , "" Simon said ."
tr	6	This time , she pulled the trigger smoothly through its full travel .
tr	6	Taylor looked at Hunt with a little chuckle .
tr	7	""" I 'm sorry , again , I 'm sorry for ... "" Sarah indicated the porch ."
tr	11	Now we needed to survive long enough to avenge him .
tr	7	Charlie poised himself , his feet steady , a hand resting on his pistol , and the other clenched for attack .
tr	10	' I just passed Calvin on the phone presumably gabbing to Raphael .
tr	8	We could hear the mob even from the palace 's steps .
tr	6	Anyway , I hang with the cool kids .
tr	8	""" You want me to move the truck ? """
tr	8	Jason asks , with surprising calm .
tr	8	""" There were spies within the Kindred , "" he responded , "" a clan of Seekers . """
tr	10	Without a word VIN produced what the man wanted out of the car 's glove box .
tr	7	Reaching toward her , he lifted the torch to her face and smirked .
tr	11	the older pirate raised his glass trying to incite the crowd around him .
tr	10	The sun broke above the peaks into a clear blue morning blasting orange pillars of fire across the pristine sky .
tr	8	"Let me talk to Jack . """
tr	5	""" Not right now , "" her mother called back ."
tr	8	I look forward to the day I can hold you again ; look upon your face .
tr	6	""" So once people join the commune , can they maintain relationships with their former friends and family ? """
tr	6	""" You and your toys ... your gun and now an axe . """
tr	10	Alvin approached her and she started slapping him .
tr	6	In the darkness , we took turns with the night vision glasses .
tr	8	Oh , and I was thinking .
tr	11	""" You said you 'd trade one of your milk cows ? """
tr	7	Walking to his right , he took a chair directly beneath the captain .
tr	9	He needed help , truth be told .
tr	7	They already regarded the leftovers as theirs , and their dark , luminous eyes watched passersby with warning .
tr	5	Not a children 's book either , a real grown-up book .
tr	8	"Let 's go get the uniform and we 'll pack , "" Tori said and they ran out the door ."
tr	7	""" She was talking to the bear . """
tr	8	"Tastes better than it sounds , "" she said with a slight laugh ."
tr	7	asked Jenn , intuition she thought .
tr	9	I shook my head and signalled her to rotate it a further 45 degree .
tr	7	"No matter what happened , I have a reason for this . """
tr	9	He crept silently through the forest , leaving no sign of his passing .
tr	5	""" And the rear thrusters ... "" Mac said ."
tr	6	In his pocket he carried his one month chip , in fact .
tr	9	She pressed him back and blew on the spoonful to cool it .
tr	7	A lot , by the looks of it . '
tr	8	He still had an axe that worked .
tr	7	You then waved your hands around me and turned my dirty clothes into a beautiful gown with the most wondrous jewels .
tr	7	""" So , you can see now , "" she eyed him nervously ."
tr	11	It took us twelve minutes to get to the Hauptbahnhof on the tram .
tr	7	Unfortunately , that was only the last one percent of a complete flight .
tr	9	He pulled off the older man 's helmet and checked for signs of life .
tr	7	The woods were dangerous tonight , tonight and every night .
tr	6	The Prince 's mind flashed back to the Death Watch soldier in the mountains .
tr	8	"This , "" he spun the disk into the briefcase , "" is repetitious crap . """
tr	8	"I said , "" Two who else ? """
tr	8	Arriving back at his container Taylor heard a Jeep engine approaching from the main gate .
tr	9	They were going to kill her .
tr	7	""" TJ , this is Rachel , Rachel ... "" "" Somers , "" the woman added calmly ."
tr	7	I wasn 't sure , but I did know one thing .
tr	7	""" My orders came from your Mother , little Prince . """
tr	9	He too hated shopping - something Josie was always making him do .
tr	10	Let me know when you can .
tr	11	Finally Megan got so tired that she decided to take just a little rest .
tr	8	' Broadly speaking , he seemed opposed to my existence , ' I murmured .
tr	11	Manuel , how dare you chicken out on me !
tr	8	The gig arrived right on time ; a young sailor came aboard and hauled in the anchor .
tr	7	"In fact , your being next to Bob might trigger a favorable response , "" uttered Dr. Mitchell ."
tr	7	Dr. Jacob Crawford was killed , terminated , over a year ago .
tr	11	Still we held each other as if we had been separated for a year .
tr	7	' Not all of them .
tr	10	' You know how I feel about underground spaces , ' he muttered .
tr	7	They may be all around us here !
tr	7	Before long , he was joined by Sergeant King .
tr	8	Her long , velvet gloves are pulled off , left in her wake like worthless rags .
tr	7	' It will only lead to another war . '
tr	9	Nevertheless she continued to think about it .
tr	5	""" My mother ... my real mother ... showed me this place . """
tr	6	The lobby was cloudy with dust from the explosion .
tr	9	I 'm going to win this .
tr	8	They had only been girls , very young and very innocent .
tr	10	Dropping it all at once was like having a door slam shut in your face .
tr	8	You 've heard of Cotton Barons , haven 't you ?
tr	8	Their car was on the train in Calais .
tr	10	""" If the war is to be over , then it is to be over for everyone . """
tr	5	""" Yes , sir , "" Marcus said , very quietly ."
tr	11	There , seated on the rock in the haze of the gray shadows was the largest wolf he had ever seen .
tr	8	""" I 'll text you about our next training , "" I yelled ."
tr	5	"But a few seconds later , she added , "" Yes . """
tr	9	""" Says he just can 't pull his foot out ."
tr	11	""" I do not wish our house to be cowardly , "" said Harald 's wife ."
tr	7	""" It is an insignificant speck in the world ."
tr	8	Meeks nodded and walked over to the door where he knocked three times .
tr	8	Shadows rippled through the light as troops approached the entrance .
tr	8	"In fact , the same department that your boss graduated from , "" Ivan replied with dignity ."
tr	11	His knees almost buckling as he dipped preparing for take-off .
tr	9	""" They 're just going to leave them here ? """
tr	8	A cell phone was plastered to one ear , and he squinted up at the window where Alejo stood .
tr	7	His voice echoed around the metal box as he spoke .
tr	9	I should 've got here before anyone else arrived .
tr	8	I 'd prefer it if you all leave .
tr	6	To her left , a large , open window looked out onto sunrise over clear sea .
tr	9	""" Oh hi everyone , yes , I 'm the boss 's daughter who pissed off a client today ."
tr	8	""" But this ... "" Cobb said , gesturing toward the vessel ."
tr	11	I 'll have to wait until morning ; go find a caf with free Internet .
tr	6	"Your boyfriend got in the way . """
tr	8	""" Intrigue , surrounded by mystery , wrapped in an enigma ... "" she said ."
tr	6	""" Hope I didn 't wake you ! """
tr	9	We 've been like this since the beginning of human evolution .
tr	7	You 've had a rough enough trip down here , I suppose .
tr	6	Leaving the hay barn , they stepped out into the bleak winter light .
tr	9	John moved to join him but Sarah grabbed his arm .
tr	11	Jonas was surprised ; he couldn 't believe he had missed something .
tr	7	The rest of the men wished Jeff and Robinson luck and dispersed to their posts .
tr	8	He 's sworn an oath of secrecy .
tr	7	""" No it wasn 't Peter 's ; she brought it with her ? """
tr	8	There is much that you will learn and see .
tr	9	He covered the plan again while he switched weapons with David .
tr	10	And with that the boss set off on his business rounds leaving the sisters by the pool .
tr	11	Everything happened so fast , the roaring sounds of the storm vanishing as his heart pounded in his chest .
tr	6	""" We 're together and we 're safe ."
tr	7	The thoroughfare opened out into three major corridors , and a fourth smaller corridor tunneled through the rock .
tr	6	After their eventful breakfast the sisters headed off to the pool .
tr	11	I 've uncovered things with those same markings before but I don 't understand them .
tr	6	""" And those happen daily , "" I continue , "" so the cells are very clean . """
tr	8	He and his wife Janice were practically flying down the highway in their new horse-drawn buggy .
tr	11	She said it made her feel alive .
tr	6	Her eyes were wide , her cheeks flushed , her heart probably racing .
tr	8	The gates opened silently and they drove down a long shingle drive towards a large old brick house .
tr	5	Alejo 's answer was clipped but not impatient .
tr	9	They were close enough that she could hear his breathing .
tr	6	""" Thanks ... "" "" Do mountain lions even live in the redwoods ? """
tr	10	"Do you feel any ... different ? """
tr	11	""" There 's the fact of the fire that burned the bones ."
tr	6	His pale mustache was almost invisible against his paler face .
tr	6	He pondered for a few seconds .
tr	6	With not so gentle a nudge , I pushed her aside and sprinted .
tr	5	"His name was Abraham . """
tr	11	She was whispering , though she didn 't know why .
tr	7	Their wives eyed them suspiciously , fearing the worst .
tr	10	In short order , they were able to turn their full attention to the new threat .
tr	10	""" I did , "" Christy volunteered , and then came forward to feel the girl 's fabric ."
tr	9	My skin crawled like a zillion ants were marching over my body .
tr	5	' The catnip helped , ' I volunteered .
tr	7	And if they find out , the Khan and everyone else will know you and Alejo are not dead .
tr	10	""" This is getting old , "" Navi grumbles , unsure how to outwit their overpowered opponent ."
tr	8	Now , when I could use a hand , you 're two streets behind .
tr	10	Look how well dressed they are .
tr	9	""" I do not think it is such a good idea . """
tr	8	""" I wondered if you ever did any shooting ."
tr	10	Yes , he had a one-year contract to fulfill with Decatur Heath .
tr	7	"Turning her head to Lucas , she quickly added , "" Though casting offensive spells indoors is highly ill-advised . """
tr	7	You really should listen to me more often .
tr	9	""" I need to get back to the castle ."
tr	6	Her laughter rang through the air .
tr	11	Their robes were embroidered with designs that no-one had ever seen on any modern native design .
tr	11	Liz couldn 't dispute the appeal of having Dan so close .
tr	9	The two Rogues made for the door and immediately split , going in different directions without hesitation .
tr	8	"Pain in the arse but what else can we do ? """
tr	5	For now though , bone marrow will suffice .
tr	5	Unlike American or European trains , the portal was not alarmed or locked .
tr	7	The car came to a stop and Amanda rolled her window down .
tr	10	He bent his knee to place the flower on the ground .
tr	6	First your mother , then you , and finally your father drawing me into his Spy Games .
tr	7	Her skin was ghostly white , her mouth open in a silent scream , her blouse shredded from shrapnel .
tr	9	No , the reason there is no crime or violence is because I do not allow it .
tr	9	he asked in a playful voice as he rummaged through the bag .
tr	8	""" I have done no wrong , yet you would kill me !"
tr	11	Eyes darted back and forth between the two images , trying to locate the faint lines ; many seconds ticked by .
tr	10	"Are you doing this on purpose ? """
tr	8	Ignoring this , I looked into Logan 's eyes , and the bleeding Jacob was forgotten .
tr	8	""" Have a seat , "" he said , waving at the chairs opposite his desk ."
tr	7	"You 've been so serious all weekend , I like you better this way . """
tr	7	probably why I joined the SAS .
tr	10	Why hadn 't her mother told her she 'd gone travelling ?
tr	11	She was hugging a man who had just entered the pub .
tr	9	My mind whirled to reconcile this new development , but then I looked down .
tr	11	She laughed and said , ' Don 't worry you 're in safe hands .
tr	8	""" Oh , do say you will , "" Theodosia said eagerly ."
tr	7	On my way to the bathroom I took off the cloak and packed back into my sack .
tr	7	Massaging it briefly , he pulled his hand away to look at it .
tr	7	I lifted my head slightly and brushed my lips against his neck .
tr	8	"When Vivian lent her blood to Bob and Steve she should definitely have been the controlling Superior . """
tr	11	I zoomed in on his table overflowing with samples from his bakery .
tr	7	The Great Spirit would be angry , and so would the spirits of the dead victims .
tr	6	""" That 's right , "" Aria responds with a slight laugh ."
tr	8	Abby accepted the Lars 's invitation , both of them dancing very closed .
tr	10	The best way to keep it safe is by keeping it secret .
tr	8	"That incident cost me at least another year before the commander left , and I was finally promoted to major . """
tr	8	I could stay here for the next two hours , he thought .
tr	7	Up another set of stairs , although hardly like the grand , gilded , marbled ones I cherished all my life .
tr	9	Glancing to his left only serves to further confuse him , the doorway overlooking the large room filling his vision .
tr	9	""" I had the hot chocolate when we finished our kayak ."
tr	9	She never expect that Tristan would do that .
tr	8	""" Yes , almost like a mercenary of the spy world ."
tr	11	"They must think I 'm going to Florida . """
tr	9	""" The black creatures have started to patrol the mountains ."
tr	6	He suddenly slowed down and his shoulder sagged .
tr	10	They moved north , as best they could tell , veering ever so slightly to their right .
tr	6	""" They aren 't clay , "" she scolded him , and stopped her writhing ."
tr	10	Chris did , but decided to say nothing for the moment .
tr	11	It looked as though no one wanted to go in .
tr	7	For the first time Eda saw fiery sparks of anger spill from Adele 's eyes .
tr	7	"I 'm from Cyprus , my family comes from Azerbaijan . """
tr	7	Picturing the odd man again , a shiver crept down his spine and he quickly shook the memory from his head .
tr	5	""" What other options do you have ? """
tr	11	""" Hey , what do you say we get him a new mask ?"
tr	5	Their eyes met , one pair hunted and cloudy , the other wide and disbelieving .
tr	8	""" My God man , do you always repeat what people say ? """
tr	5	"But the most dangerous one sounds the best . """
tr	11	There were ten canoes with four warriors in each of them .
tr	9	""" Please keep trying , I don 't , "" she starts as the door swings open behind her ."
tr	5	""" I -- c "" "" Collin , it 's alright ."
tr	7	At the left side of the photo sat an old man on a rickety stool .
tr	8	' I 've updated my father about recent events , ' said Victor , giving me a small nod .
tr	7	He held out a copy of a printed email .
tr	6	""" Why , yes , there certainly is "" he said with a grin ."
tr	7	""" Think of it as a work assignment , "" Conor added , apparently as an afterthought ."
tr	7	"May I ask what your name is ? """
tr	5	And of course Michael loved his Amber more and more each day .
tr	8	As he pulled them on , he realized how much weight he had lost .
tr	10	"He died a few months ago of a wound and now I have no one to fulfill my passions . """
tr	9	My heart wants to beat out of my chest .
tr	7	For a moment , I am distracted as energy flares around both boys .
tr	7	""" Please not him , "" she thought . """
tr	10	Conway had to admire the cleverness of the move .
tr	6	"And after that , my parents ... That first demon ... "" She cleared her throat ."
tr	6	Hobbit was another highly experienced mortar NCO from the same unit .
tr	8	It was like the painted scenes of the French Revolution .
tr	8	""" Now , the sutures will remain there forever , but the body will adapt to them ."
tr	10	That which had held him prisoner was now probably the only thing that kept him alive .
tr	7	""" If I may , "" Shinichi then said , "" Sir , Sector 7 only has six students in it ."
tr	6	Feeling trapped , she took her time , washed her face , guzzled some water , and used his facilities .
tr	7	""" Because it was just him , Johnny , he was still leading Second Clan without a family . """
tr	9	It 's called I Can 't Wish . '
tr	8	Brazen lifted his drink looking at the amber liquid .
tr	9	While she was standing by the main entrance door she heard something behind her .
tr	11	As nobody initially saw her faint , I am worried that it might have been a fit .
tr	7	""" Would you like it with or without commercials , Rick ? """
tr	8	""" I lost five men when they opened up . """
tr	7	When the other two weren 't looking , the leader stabbed one and shot the other .
tr	10	' Actually it might be best you avoid caffeine . '
tr	6	It was a large three-story affair , its entrance gateway flanked by twin round towers with conical roofs .
tr	11	groaned Michel , pushing Paul who was sitting on his body .
tr	8	Yes , he had been bathed at some point .
tr	5	In our case however , only immediate satisfaction would suffice .
tr	11	I watched the doorknob turn again and tried to quieten the rapid thuds of my heart .
tr	6	David thought for a few moments .
tr	7	""" As you are fully aware , my role is more advisory in nature . """
tr	6	""" Neil , "" a low voice said in his ear ."
tr	8	Unexpectedly , a wave of water forcefully flushed out of the hallway as the front doors exploded open .
tr	7	Stepping over the dead men , he scrambled up the stairs .
tr	11	Eventually my impatience reached boiling point and I stomped around the unit making as much noise as possible .
tr	9	She leaned up a little , easing the pressure on Bethany 's chest and neck .
tr	11	The entire incident was going to be covered up and forgotten .
tr	9	We landed heavily in a dimly lit passage on the other side and started to run .
tr	8	"Are these two kids giving you any trouble lah ? """
tr	8	Or maybe she could hold it in her mouth but then she 'd sneeze again .
tr	8	We walked in the next morning Allan was all smiles .
tr	9	Chuckles filled the cabin ; even Roberto revealed a grin before it disappeared again .
tr	7	The guy with the mermaid tattoo slapped Alejo on the shoulder .
tr	9	""" Relax sport , I 'm not going to hurt you . """
tr	10	It took a spider to bring me to my senses .
tr	10	""" This is neither the time nor place for you to act like spoiled children . """
tr	6	""" We have enough , "" Mike said to her ."
tr	10	It was another woman looking at the rest of the scene .
tr	9	""" There 's nothing we can 't conquer ."
tr	8	The sentry tried to block our passage .
tr	11	He was now confident that it was ready to fire .
tr	6	Eda reined in her horse abruptly .
tr	6	""" These people are insane , "" said Jacob ."
tr	8	""" That was before I heard the horses . """
tr	6	Two seconds later , Malcolm punched him in the face with a solid right hook .
tr	7	""" Would Dr. Kendall and Dr. Lundquist please come up here and lay out their plan once again ."
tr	9	Was she on speaking terms with every girl at Sydenham ?
tr	10	There is nothing they need from you .
tr	8	Brand took a step forward with his own sword , but Hilda looked back at him and glanced at him sternly .
tr	6	' Okay , you got me but what about the amp ? '
tr	9	The silver grey Audi picked him up as he went past High Wycombe .
tr	6	Resigned , and a little bit mad , the boy climbed back down to his forest .
tr	9	The worn trail was now cloaked in an ominous heaviness as if they were trespassing .
tr	6	""" About time , Jerk , "" I said to Atticus ."
tr	10	"You haven 't changed a bit , and you obviously need to go back on bread and water . """
tr	7	Your brother is also working for us .
tr	8	""" What the devil were you doing bending over me ?"
tr	9	He made a motion over the Prince 's shoulder , and a bag was thrust over the Prince 's head .
tr	8	Let 's say you do win .
tr	7	"This is the face of death . """
tr	5	""" Did your knowledgeable friends give you any other information ? """
tr	6	""" Is that satisfactory , Rick ? """
tr	6	""" There 's just one other thing , "" Andy said ."
tr	9	The Priestess wrestled it under control , determinedly giving no sign of concern .
tr	6	A swoop and a slow , and they touched down on the desert floor with a thump .
tr	7	He gestured vaguely in my direction .
tr	7	""" No way , white bread , "" Jack told him , "" I 'm the gay Jewish black dude sidekick ."
tr	7	Furthermore , and most frustrating , Miss Cantwell had called her ' the little girl ' .
tr	6	"But I thought the new maid - "" "" The new maid quit last night ."
tr	9	Malcolm was stumbling up the stairs with some blonde hanging off him .
tr	9	An eerie feeling of familiarity stole over me again as I studied the older man 's face .
tr	10	""" I can 't tell which direction to go now ."
tr	7	Flaherty hadn 't fired the weapon during the battle .
tr	10	The oil rigs could be seen as either Food or Security depending on one 's viewpoint .
tr	10	""" I can 't believe we are discussing this ."
tr	8	He started to leave , but I was still desperate for answers .
tr	9	What if she only accepted that sort of comfort from Rand ?
tr	10	It makes me want to vomit .
tr	7	"It 's our necks if they escape . """
tr	7	"I left my school , and I jeopardized my scholarship , "" Neil said in quiet desperation ."
tr	6	""" So , funny story , "" I said , "" but Justin sent our food over to your table . """
tr	10	I knew he wanted to leave .
tr	7	What was done was done .
tr	7	He instinctively held out his blade firmly with two hands , and the rat impaled itself upon his sword edge .
tr	11	I wished Tuck was there so he could see .
tr	11	' You mean how easily we failed to see a charity case ? '
tr	6	""" Not by the fire , I am too warm . """
tr	9	""" If each company builds one set of airships , "" he said as he hit the enter key ."
tr	10	I hate knowing you heard that .
tr	6	Ah yes , the memories came flooding back : his childhood , his home , his girlfriend , his dog .
tr	8	Nathan decided to take a different approach .
tr	5	"Horses , weapons , books , even a hunting falcon . """
tr	11	They may have been stolen from a junkyard and refitted or perhaps purchased cheap .
tr	9	' Come now , is that any way to greet an old friend ? '
tr	9	"They won 't dare go in somebody else 's place . """
tr	6	""" Thank you , Mr. Jones ; you have just earned your first flight pay ."
tr	9	The tracks were those of someone with a large size foot .
tr	10	""" It 's good to meet you all !"
tr	11	Again she felt he might be angry with her .
tr	6	The old man 's disgusted look on his face only got worse .
tr	9	Six men were visible , only one of them looking in his general direction .
tr	5	""" Apart from the crazy intense part it 's rather nice here . """
tr	9	"You have one last choice to make , Alfred . """
tr	10	""" I wonder where we have to go ? """
tr	8	Next is THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE Chapter 1 The key .
tr	6	"Kay has two goals , "" Christy cheerfully announced ."
tr	11	Taylor had not even considered that this tradition had survived in this remote area .
tr	7	Nathan and his family had fought off attackers on three occasions already .
tr	7	Ramdas , a man in his early fifties , was walking toward a little stationery and communication shop .
tr	8	""" I 'm sure you have ."
tr	8	He needed to sit down .
tr	10	There were several thin arms connected to the rim of the glasses .
tr	7	"Anyway , are we ready for this ? """
tr	7	""" At least I 'm not the only cripple in this institution ."
tr	11	David appeared to have lost his sense of purpose and balance .
tr	9	While Chris had been thinking those things , his mind drifted .
tr	10	After joining the motorways Amy started thinking the journey would never end .
tr	8	His long limbs are trapped in a baggy t-shirt and worn jeans .
tr	7	When they reached the tree line , Ted killed the engine and coasted to a stop .
tr	10	' We know she had travelling plans , but she should have been back in the lab this week . '
tr	5	A young gypsy boy entered the kitchen .
tr	8	He consumed it in the salt water , again feeling the power flow through his veins .
tr	7	""" Of course , "" said Bax with a light smile and a shake of his head ."
tr	9	replied Nicola acting as if he was answering a complete stranger .
tr	7	She sat down and looked at Miriam with great calm .
tr	11	"That 's why I knew you 'd understand . """
tr	8	Life within a house full of women could not but be filled , upon occasion , with a certain nervous tension .
tr	6	And as a result , every year , fewer and fewer of you actually make the Legion .
tr	9	"How do you know help 's not coming ? """
tr	6	Only one person in the world ever called him Bro .
tr	10	""" The healers say that you are healing well , but it 's going to take time ."
tr	7	It wasn 't the easiest climb , but it beat the shit out of the last one .
tr	9	""" Such a delightful stay I 'm having , "" he said ."
tr	8	He had a choice of 105mm or 30 mm .
tr	8	They had me pinned good .
tr	9	They were driving on a long highway , speeding toward Arizona .
tr	9	If Dan doesn 't snap out of his injury soon , we 'll walk to town .
tr	5	Up ahead , at a T-shaped intersection , there was a crowd .
tr	6	""" Okay , how can you have this much Duke Ellington and no Dizzy Gillespie ? """
tr	8	The wind was less harsh than before but , it still was knocking them over .
tr	11	She had a disarming smile that instilled instant trust among the otherwise hard , sculpted features .
tr	7	""" Oh , pay no attention to it ; it 's just her natural feminine curiosity ."
tr	5	""" And spilling candy constitutes trouble ? """
tr	9	Again , Tsubasa raised his hand and the staff snapped to attention .
tr	9	Telling them what to do .
tr	8	The sound reminded her of wind chimes or a baby laughing , it was kind of musical .
tr	5	""" Hey , Mike , "" she said softly ."
tr	10	Her laugh sounded like a silver bell , sending flurries of butterflies into the air in agreement .
tr	10	You could have got yourself into a lot of trouble .
tr	7	Catching her with his free arm , Lord Quinn gently laid her on the stone floor .
tr	6	"In between laughs Kyle remarked , "" She isn 't even pregnant yet , and already she has morning sickness ! """
tr	11	She would be lucky to survive it herself .
tr	5	""" But , at its worst , the business is just stupidly wasteful ."
tr	6	"Your guy must be somewhere else ! """
tr	7	Still carried the walking stick too .
tr	10	He must have been more tired than he thought .
tr	5	After a short while deliberating , panting and pacing , Kathy 's resolve strengthened .
tr	7	It will not be easy ; we have effectively introduced martial law , well , almost .
tr	9	It was the final straw , something in his core cracked and his software shuttered .
tr	6	They found him in the canal in Market Drayton .
tr	7	""" Uh -- Do it , "" she told Matthew and grabbed Stephanie 's hand just in case ."
tr	6	"And just please , don 't tell anybody . """
tr	8	The braves got up and stretched and then walked down to the river .
tr	10	As the shield closed around the stern of the last shuttle , the signal from the Ares was lost .
tr	8	""" Well , there 's more to the story , "" said Victoria ."
tr	8	""" Doctor Everett was always so very nice to me , "" Maya says with a smile ."
tr	11	""" Do you think these are humans ? """
tr	7	Wolf Eyes began the climb down the mountain -- his mind and body now ready for the conquest .
tr	7	When the last one hit , the trough was almost dry , only a soggy pile of sizzling packets were left .
tr	9	She held her hands in front of her eyes and turned her back to Taylor .
tr	7	' Do they know this ? '
tr	5	""" And with the Ambassador , too , I 'll wager . """
tr	10	"It will be quite rough I 'm afraid . """
tr	10	I believe it is coming from outside ... like a laser beam of energy or something .
tr	11	It offends me that you have to ask that question .
tr	9	"I don 't suppose you know anything about the E ? """
tr	10	"She told us about it , but she was the only one who saw him . """
tr	8	She wished she had a choice .
tr	9	Who knew what would happen .
tr	11	""" Well ... I 've got to go now , "" Chris told the man ."
tr	6	This is not the case however with the ultra violet rays hitting glass .
tr	7	As he thought this , he realized the irony and laughed to himself .
tr	10	""" As much as I like the exercise , "" he starts , scanning the distance for anything worth noting ."
tr	11	It MUST be more than enough to purchase an entry ticket to Birds Heaven !
tr	6	""" Why did you call him an angel ? """
tr	9	Abby said , unable to follow .
tr	7	""" A week ago you did not have a father , and now you are in his home . """
tr	11	Do we light it and then ask for the wish to go away ?
tr	7	The first thing that I saw was Laurence 's beautiful masculine face .
tr	9	Perhaps that is why it was chosen , I can only guess .
tr	9	She tried to cover a small , secret smile but Mike had grown up with her .
tr	11	"Let us go see how close we can get . """
tr	8	""" We also found two thousand yellow tablets in with those hooky cigarettes , "" he told me ."
tr	8	It looked like a piece of nylon .
tr	7	""" A ' Dervish Dressed In Blue , ' eh ?"
tr	9	Chief Broken Bow wanted to endure the stench no longer , so he turned and left the house .
tr	10	Her morning had been off to a slow start since her boss was in Brussels .
tr	10	Its fore legs twitched beneath it as the dog tried to stand .
tr	7	Seconds later , the driver slammed on the brakes once more and brought the heavy vehicle to a quick stop .
tr	11	There are things I need to know .
tr	11	They were written in figures she cannot decipher .
tr	8	Next , he carefully started dragging himself up the slope , still using the gun case as an anchor .
tr	6	Will our power abandon us , or has it begun already ?
tr	9	""" Sir , why would you think that I wanted any more assistance from you ? """
tr	10	So she thought you were drunk because of ze bottle and your breath .
tr	5	"After a brief delay , General Mayhem came on . """
tr	7	The pungent smell of sagebrush filled her nose , and she included it in her anger .
tr	10	""" So not only do we want him dead , but the Empire does as well . """
tr	7	' Are they firing at us ? '
tr	8	he cried once more as he reached us .
tr	11	I tried to give you anything you wanted .
tr	10	Failing to hang on to his spikey black hair , his hood collapses onto his back .
tr	7	""" It comes and goes , but on average , it 's about a 7 or 8 . """
tr	7	""" Yes , I was her lead researcher in Jakarta . """
tr	9	"You know , even where I came from not everyone is as stubborn as I was . """
tr	6	' Yeah , but he 's a reptile , ' Spike hissed .
tr	11	He bit Noah where the flesh is softest under the left front leg .
tr	7	Three hours after they left the staging area , it was all over .
tr	11	He turned and found Philip standing behind him dangling a miniature lacrosse stick from his little fist .
tr	11	""" That 's what made the floor go down . """
tr	8	Two police cars sat blocking the exits at either end .
tr	5	Volcanic activity and countless hot springs maintained an almost tropical climate there .
tr	6	""" 3 ... 4 ... 5 "" "" Maybe ... it was a bad idea ."
tr	9	And within a few minutes they were able to speak quite freely .
tr	7	The Satanists used the most hi-tech and cutting edge technology on you .
tr	6	Noah contemplated his surroundings in the protective garden for several minutes .
tr	6	A second man joined him quickly , and then many more .
tr	10	I 'm sorry for lying to you .
tr	5	More specifically , it was his home town , Grimsley .
tr	11	No compass just his native instinct , his bare feet seemingly impervious to what was underfoot ... .
tr	11	I deflected all his strikes with an ease that enraged him to no end .
tr	7	He was huge and had a thick brown beard and wild , uncut hair .
tr	6	I checked for a pulse .
tr	7	The crumbs blew out of her mouth as she spoke .
tr	11	She tried to walk forward struggling with her luggage .
tr	7	I spun and kicked out , taking out the three remaining Hunters .
tr	7	"I know about you and Jolie . """
tr	6	""" Well , then , could you just tell me it ? """
tr	8	He punched the accelerator all the way to the floor , throwing the woman back in her seat .
tr	10	Carlos and Kendall stepped around Mark , watching Josie pouring water on the cut .
tr	7	And yet he did not move , did not even realize the danger -- likely could not even fathom it .
tr	8	he asked as he handed Gavin the shovel .
tr	7	His sword , fallen from his hand , could not be touched .
tr	6	""" Listen , stupid gnome breath , the rope is too tight ! """
tr	8	"Dane looked grim , "" It wasn 't with his body , and I didn 't see it ."
tr	8	The sun had finished its march to the west and lay softly down behind the mountains .
tr	7	Before today was over , they 'd all be rich too .
tr	8	What was he supposed to do ?
tr	7	""" It was in our most basic studies at the Air Force Academy , Mr. Bishop ."
tr	11	The danger would be minimal compared to running openly from the black creatures .
tr	9	The scent of rot , earth , and the juices of the grave filled Kai 's nostrils .
tr	11	""" Aye , but I couldn 't help seeing the beauty of you two fine ladies through the glass . """
tr	6	The woman in the camel coat lifted a hand and waved .
tr	6	""" In some areas , yes , though in my experience , too much control could be a bad thing . """
tr	11	Zeal , as expected , managed to make even this most simple of desires difficult .
tr	8	Until we get to the last line , you 're just background noise .
tr	7	""" Well , I , uh ... "" "" You apparently don 't know much . """
tr	5	The epic showdown had begun .
tr	7	But to cross that bridge ... Suddenly , the voice down the tunnel became a gritty whisper .
tr	5	""" I 'm a city boy . """
tr	8	The turret tore at the walls , annihilating everything in its path .
tr	7	I rose from the bed , gathered my swords and guns , and left the room .
tr	11	He looked down at the book he held in his hands .
tr	8	I have to do this .
tr	5	""" So your eyes are really grey ? """
tr	8	""" I found him dead in the stables ."
tr	8	The drama and excitement had completely wiped away his calm and relaxed attitude from only a minute before .
tr	7	Over the next ten minutes , Reid and I explained about our involvement with the FBI and the French detective .
tr	11	Fourteen Mason watched Amanda 's Mini pull away from the park , then checked his phone , again .
tr	6	"They got very close one night and nine months later , I was born . """
tr	11	"You 've been here the whole time and have no idea what is going on out there . """
tr	10	His eyes narrowed when he took in our attire and the swords at my waist .
tr	11	To Simon 's dismay he found no floor to press against with his heels .
tr	9	Their sculpted faces were filled with glass enamel in bright colors .
tr	8	I couldn 't handle losing my only friend .
tr	6	""" Come , boy , don 't be such a spitfire ."
tr	9	If she was honest with herself , she found herself thinking about Finn far too often .
tr	10	""" Sergeant Mudd to you Wei , "" said George walking over to a chair against the wall and sitting down ."
tr	6	And then , due to some incredible strategizing , bravery , and teamwork , you would save Cindy and myself .
tr	8	All my breath shot out my mouth , leaving me gasping .
tr	8	Honestly , I thought this was a simple work assignment .
tr	8	With the drunken bums many Irish men are , they 've had to be .
tr	9	"he thought , "" it 's just rumor , propaganda ... ... ."
tr	10	Within the dark lord 's mind , he attributes the unexpected pain to the figure within the orb of flame .
tr	8	Riki shouted , coming into the room .
tr	7	Just then a commotion erupted behind them , and Vince looked over his shoulder to the cave entrance .
tr	9	"You could have warned me or hid me , or , I don 't know , something . """
tr	8	""" What are you going to wear ? """
tr	11	If they are as good as is said , they don 't need to mind Landon .
tr	10	"I learned Bob and Steve were turned by two separate Vampires . """
tr	5	"You know , it 's not really a marriage . """
tr	6	""" Yes , I 'm Adria , "" I say , "" And your name is ? """
tr	10	"Finally , he said "" What is there to do ?"
tr	9	What he needed to know .
tr	7	All three of them were at some point either grazed by bullets or hit in the chest .
tr	11	It could only have come from Someone greater than they , Someone all-powerful and all-knowing .
tr	9	"Do you love him ? """
tr	7	I blinked at him ; the look troubled me .
tr	11	Seth said nothing beat writing for TV .
tr	10	She couldn 't let them know what really happened .
tr	7	That guy had been on her bus ?
tr	8	It 's everything about this day and the hunger still here , growing loud .
tr	6	So did their sight and sense of smell .
tr	9	Leona 's accident was part of the start of things , now that he considered it in perspective .
tr	8	""" You will deal with the appropriate people as required ."
tr	8	She 'd be finishing school early and arriving next week .
tr	10	""" It is only that I did not mean it like that . """
tr	8	""" Mmmm , that sounds really nice , can I come with you ? """
tr	7	""" Still bad , still negative , still inspiring fear in people halfway across the globe . """
tr	7	""" What are you doing on my trail ? """
tr	9	The kid was proving to be pretty crafty .
tr	6	His tiny figure on the bright orange board flipped quite expertly over an incoming wave .
tr	9	He drew an arm back , and punched the man full in the face .
tr	9	she said as she sat down heavily into a kitchen chair .
tr	6	It was the article and the print date was the following day .
tr	6	""" Sarah , I need your opinion , "" she said ."
tr	10	"He turned back to me "" Of course their attention is focused on the Trojan Devices at the moment ."
tr	10	They all joined in a spirited conversation again recounting the events of the previous day .
tr	11	John explained what he had been told about the murder squad .
tr	11	Anna shouted as she tried to get away .
tr	6	It was far , however many miles away it was .
tr	9	How he knows what he does is troubling enough .
tr	6	""" No , "" the Queen promptly refutes , batting it away ."
tr	8	Without a word , he backhanded her , driving her backwards into the dirt .
tr	9	Alejo slowly slid down against the trunk of the sleek banana plant and buried his face into his arms .
tr	8	""" I am at home here , "" she answered in Malay , "" more at home than in England ."
tr	10	""" But they 'll definitely kill anyone who finds out the truth ."
tr	10	There were shuffling sounds nearby and Victoria felt a breeze -- something had crossed in front of her .
tr	11	I blocked the latter with my leg , spinning with it into a round house that he ducked .
tr	5	""" A big red and white car . """
tr	9	That definitely would 've made me look guilty .
tr	8	A yellow cart surrounded by yellow ' wet floor ' signs filled the space .
tr	11	I 'm afraid I 've got more bad news . '
tr	6	""" Okay , you go back and take the stairs ."
tr	6	' All right , ' he finally muttered with a curt nod .
tr	11	"Did you see it work ? """
tr	5	In the crystal clear water , turquoise and dark blue spots follow one another .
tr	11	""" I have another concern - where is the end of the building ?"
tr	8	They 're out here by themselves , on the fringe , no one will believe them if they tell .
tr	7	they hollered back and kept paddling .
tr	9	What made you attempt it ? '
tr	5	""" Oh , a sister , "" he said , seeming mollified ."
tr	6	""" What your father did is not your fault Gabe ."
tr	6	We walked for a further fifteen minutes through the Trojan Devices .
tr	11	He now has time to make a run for the vents .
tr	11	She wiggled out and we locked arms , unable to move each other .
tr	10	Chris had approached Barney in a quiet moment to offer his gratitude , but the old man merely looked surprised .
tr	9	The war party , some of the braves using the old canoes , made its way across the river .
tr	10	Jeff could feel the shark beginning to weaken .
tr	6	"I added a banana to her supper last night . """
tr	11	I keep thinking about how everything has changed .
tr	11	"Do you wish to proceed ? """
tr	11	I knew we had to act fast .
tr	10	For a moment I was forgotten , laying there amidst the snow .
tr	7	Suddenly , as she dashed up the street yet again , Melody had an epiphany .
tr	7	""" Some poison , I don 't know very much more , "" he began ."
tr	7	' Put the knife down , don 't be so disgusting , ' shouted my Mum from the bar .
tr	7	""" OK , let 's get ready for school , "" Tori said and threw the walkie talkie in her bag ."
tr	7	' He 's alright , ' she said giving her bearded partner a wave .
tr	7	Opening his mind 's eye to this process , Cole immediately saw the room in an altogether different light .
tr	11	There is no set schedule you have to follow .
tr	9	she said sort off intentionally , ready to eat .
tr	8	""" I suppose I did , "" she said ."
tr	7	The squad was led by a Lieutenant .
tr	7	""" Are you fit to ride ?"
tr	10	He hoped the pilot was doing better than him .
tr	11	Adele murmured her apologies , and continued to pull the comb through Eda 's hair .
tr	7	Nevertheless , the upper arm looked much better , and he was sleeping soundly .
tr	5	""" Yeah , right , "" Kevin Manning , the head trainer called out ."
tr	8	""" We employed Steve as a land surveyor before he built his Pyramid scheme , right ? """
tr	9	Josie stepped behind Mark and grabbed a bottle of water from the cooler - one of only a few left .
tr	7	And Job , tall rangy Job : a good Biblical name that , Toby had always thought .
tr	9	Of course we invited him to continue his wanderings with us .
tr	9	His head beginning to ache , the concepts of sovereignty and loyalty remain just outside of his realm of comprehension .
tr	6	Yeah , Camden really didn 't like his sister much right now .
tr	6	Chapter 3 The drive to Evie 's cousin Jess ' house was quick , only fifteen minutes from our dorm .
tr	7	He took the gum from his mouth and stared at the glob .
tr	8	""" Have you any background with a blade ? """
tr	11	The Seeker motioned to a guard - of which , the Prince realized suddenly , there was now only one .
tr	8	Well that 's likely the highest compliment the sour old sore ever gave !
tr	10	Scott looked around the bones again but saw nothing that even closely resembled a wallet .
tr	9	When Lethal returned to the Officer 's Mess , the three platoon commanders were on their way out .
tr	7	"Dublin city is the capital of non British Ireland . """
tr	8	But speaking of Phillip , are we to kill him tonight ?
tr	6	""" So you see , me services are invaluable , "" the lad prompted with a cheeky grin ."
tr	11	"But Dr. Crawford had to be eliminated , thanks to you . """
tr	7	""" It is the place of an evil wizard ."
tr	6	My face crumbling , my heart shattering , dropping to my knees beside his limp body .
tr	10	The tiny reflection of the clearing rippled on the water 's surface with her breath and the lattice shifted with it .
tr	5	""" Yeah , "" Tori answered and they went upstairs ."
tr	8	"But we 'll check all the trash barrels before leaving . """
tr	7	She didn 't have any friends , not here anyway .
tr	8	He had seen her in action , she was formidable .
tr	6	That , however , seemed rather like a side note to my current predicament .
tr	6	""" Yes , we 're very sorry , Joe "" said Vivian ."
tr	5	Sure enough , a missed call , three text messages and a voice mail .
tr	5	Not just his laugh , but her own , too ; any laugh , really .
tr	10	"I was sweating like a bluefin on hot sand , I tell you . """
tr	10	""" Told you it would be worth it . """
tr	9	Their muscles were tired of the exercise but they forced themselves to move forward .
tr	6	Why hadn 't the sheriff discovered a car ?
tr	8	""" Pick up your tools and get back to work ! """
tr	11	Ashlyn realized she wanted to understand Maddox .
tr	11	""" What 's to be done with him after this ?"
tr	8	When they went into the parallel passageway , they stopped behind Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle .
tr	8	Gan knew there were thirty .
tr	11	Allan sent notes telling of one delay after another finally a month after we got back there was something concrete .
tr	7	This here , the grueling research , this is where the real breaks come .
tr	10	"Anything to get you to leave WITHOUT my daughter ! """
tr	7	""" No , "" Jim said , "" You do ... "" Jim Stalin knew his comic books better than anyone ."
tr	10	Straining to breathe , she held him close , squeezing his head against her bosom until he regained his senses .
tr	10	They thus reflected the light at various angles making the interior of the building invisible .
tr	9	Layla ignored the murmured words that followed her .
tr	6	She gasped with delight and shock .
tr	8	We checked the complex but found no sign of human activity .
tr	9	She loved getting under Robert 's skin .
tr	5	A Little Ice Age , or God forbid , a major Ice Age .
tr	8	I wonder how far it 's gone .
tr	8	Even in the gravity of the situation Noah noticed the admiration in Mariposa 's voice .
tr	8	It was by now completely dark with thick cloud cover , which suited her purpose .
tr	8	""" I am looking forward to it already , "" Taylor answered smilingly ."
tr	7	Over the mounting din of the quaking ground , they looked down into the valley below .
tr	9	Cassidy knows that Michael Greenwood is her one true love -- he just doesn 't know it .
tr	9	It was Adele 's turn to look surprised .
tr	7	"He 's up in the far pasture looking for you . """
tr	9	""" How long they been celebrating Kwanzaa in Africa ? """
tr	11	"Are you saying they 're possessed ? """
tr	9	For being there for her .
tr	10	I started to hate seeing you .
tr	7	They gave no indication of it .
tr	6	""" What if they shoot again ?"
tr	7	""" Is there a fence or anything ? """
tr	11	He knew what was about to happen .
tr	8	They were sick of the changes , tired of the Revolution , and scared for their own necks .
tr	9	This is going to be my new spot .
tr	11	I didn 't think I needed looking after .
tr	8	"You will be much stronger than I ever was , however . """
tr	5	""" No , please , "" she whispered , "" I. . . """
tr	9	Laying him down , I shut his eyes and covered my work by shifting his jacket .
tr	11	He needed to know if she was there as well .
tr	9	he shouted as he shook the bound man like a rag doll .
tr	6	""" Hmmm , "" Gabe 's fingers skate lightly across the keyboard ."
tr	9	We 're about thirty minutes away if traffic works in our favor .
tr	10	""" Well , what do you got ? """
tr	10	""" I translate the language both here and in the other time-space , Rick , "" she answered ."
tr	8	Both stared at each other without saying anything .
tr	11	They ended up being classified as volunteers -- not employees .
tr	6	""" I got home fine , "" said Colette merrily , and I felt all warm and fuzzy ."
tr	8	""" Thanks Atticus , "" I yelled at the top of my lungs ."
tr	6	""" What 's the matter , dear ? """
tr	8	I paused in the act of loading firearms and magazines into the second bag .
tr	8	Ganondorf shouts , fed up with their endless banter .
tr	11	""" Do you want to say something ? """
tr	6	Dad 's silence told me everything .
tr	7	Sofia turn around and found the hooded , young man few pace from her .
tr	11	The disembodied voice seemed to emanate from all around us .
tr	7	' We don 't often see new immortals around here , ' he continued in the same light-hearted tone .
tr	8	He stood up and took her into his arms and held her .
tr	11	And yet it remained just out of reach , thwarted by a pair of irritations .
tr	9	Army logistics had provided a stock of tea for their British staff but it was horrid .
tr	5	Not a gloomy , dark sort of gray , but light , almost silver .
tr	9	He just never thought that one day he would be such a kid .
tr	9	He 'd tried to lure us out before .
tr	10	""" Okay , if you want to then , "" said Waving Willow ."
tr	9	"It also might explain how your rifle got hit . """
tr	9	This lord shall have no equal among men and will vanquish them from the lands .
tr	11	"If not , then I will have proof against him if he causes problems for us later . """
tr	8	The light relaxed Marcus , put his soul at ease .
tr	8	""" Let 's hope so , "" Camden found himself whispering to Percival ."
tr	9	Then , just as she started opening the door , she turned around and sadly looked at Simon .
tr	8	We had dinner with Joyce , Sam , and a couple of the scientific party .
tr	8	She drove back to the farm in a contemplative mood .
tr	9	Theo took a date and a glass after Angelique had been served .
tr	11	"Then they use the copies to help them get to their destination . """
tr	9	' He never usually strays , you know , ' she said while showing me to a seat .
tr	8	I stayed there , never sleeping , until dawn .
tr	5	""" Ah , shit , "" Julian Garrett said , weary and resigned ."
tr	10	He shifted and experimentally tilted his head against hers so that they leaned against each other .
tr	8	Please , allow me to return the favor .
tr	8	""" And that is why she 's here . """
tr	11	He turned to the soldier who held the horse 's reign .
tr	10	The wind knocked out of him , he grabs at his chest , attempting to catch his breath .
tr	8	There she thrust them into the heart of the blaze .
tr	11	She had not even realised that she had become emotionally involved .
tr	6	""" Come on , "" she muttered , and started down the hall ."
tr	9	Given us time to grow .
tr	9	"Shocked , Simon asked , "" How the devil did you know about that ? """
tr	8	"He took another look and wearily nodded , "" It 's the right one . """
tr	7	""" He has the legs of ten men . """
tr	7	"On his shoulder , beneath the golden dragon emblem is a silver "" X "" symbol ."
tr	6	She was tall , her looming height made even greater by the four-inch stiletto heels on her leather boots .
tr	6	The few people in gainful employment worked for minimal , subsistence wages .
tr	7	He didn 't appear nervous , but I couldn 't be certain .
tr	11	Ganondorf 's eyelid descends and the feeling of pelting rain fades as his body is overwhelmed with warmth .
tr	7	"Get lost in the mountains . """
tr	10	But she was ... what ?
tr	10	"Not that kind of bill , the kind you find on a bird ! """
tr	9	I put a hand on his arm and felt the rigid tension running through him .
tr	7	"Old life , gone , gone gone ... and more gone . """
tr	9	I sat up on the bench and tried to rub my eye .
tr	10	She well knew that he disliked the confines of a chair at any time .
tr	11	He glanced at the morning light that came through the entrance to the house .
tr	10	The three tiers seemed to spiral up one into the other , moving with the contours of the landscape .
tr	11	The noise had woken up the two dogs asleep in their baskets in the mud room .
tr	7	There was one final cry from outside .
tr	7	the nurse with the clogs snapped , then turned back to Alejo .
tr	8	Chapter 24 Conway 's vantage point at the tail of the column allowed him to watch the others .
tr	8	And Michael and Ben now saw themselves when they were tiny babies .
tr	8	After a couple of hours they stopped to stretch their legs .
tr	7	He held a cup of coffee in his hands .
tr	6	His father runs a huge publishing business ; his mother 's a doctor ; his sister is a college professor .
tr	8	The lieutenant seemed totally calm and composed , the distinct opposite of his earlier behavior .
tr	9	A dimpled smile appeared as she cuddled deeper into him .
tr	5	The Hat and the Nomad We went up a small ridge .
tr	7	And with the new king 's summons , I would live for this .
tr	8	""" I have no doubt you would . """
tr	7	""" Later , "" I told her , holding open the door ."
tr	9	I could have refused to shake .
tr	10	Trojan Keeper or not , I couldn 't figure out if he was an ally or an enemy .
tr	7	The conductors prodded the chained prisoners and pushed Simon and Miriam , and they all shuffled towards the figure .
tr	5	""" The Capitol , to Prince Daniel , "" Catherine informed him ."
tr	9	Reaching the door , he wastes no time tearing it open and dashing through .
tr	10	The captain was still sitting on the chair , as white as a sheet , miserably in pain .
tr	11	Claire hunkered down to watch , ignoring the quiet chatter of the couples behind her .
tr	7	Barney turned to Chris and smiled , then excused himself .
tr	10	They fixed their clubs and bows so they would not be in their way .
tr	11	You 'll have to turn ' em around .
tr	11	"Drew nodded , "" That 's what I was thinking too ."
tr	5	"~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ Phil exclaims , "" Two days ! """
tr	7	"Abby spoke first , "" I 'm Abby . """
tr	6	The sleeves of his shirt were rolled up .
tr	8	""" They brought it up from the black tunnels below the catacombs ."
tr	9	""" Everything will be fine with you my dear ."
tr	8	A cacophony of horns blasted from the matchbox cars snaking along below .
tr	10	However , he likes to challenge himself and write in other genres as well .
tr	8	Then with a sharp intake of breath he performed his snare drum fill and began playing .
tr	11	You are here because you have to be and eventually you will leave .
tr	11	All visitors were permanently tracked in NET 's database , which was continuously archived .
tr	8	Neil slithered behind her , feeling the loose rocks slide under his feet .
tr	6	""" Yes , of course , "" sighed Alfred ."
tr	7	"Other places along the river were much wider and deeper with more soft bottoms and currents . """
tr	11	I 'm writing this down because I was asked to by Serious Sally .
tr	10	It was a beautiful sight and worth it to dawdle along the path .
tr	9	The team had a telepath attached to them , call sign Echo .
tr	8	Nathan smiled in spite of his annoyance .
tr	8	"Oh , you look ... "" elf eyes filled with mirth , "" ... oh god , you look ridiculous . """
tr	10	""" Son , you have no reason to follow my path , "" said Anderson compassionately ."
tr	10	' In fact , as Head of Counter Terrorism , I don 't even need their approval to arrest you . '
tr	6	""" Wake up , "" answered Finan wearily ."
tr	7	""" Leave him alone , Finn , "" David snarled ."
tr	10	I wondered if I 'd see my friend from the gastropub yesterday .
tr	11	It was funny to have a pillow fight after eating .
tr	6	""" Don 't ask , "" The Author said , "" It 'll explain itself later . """
tr	6	He was weakened but still deadly .
tr	9	He took it very well , staggering only slightly , the protruding shaft no encumbrance .
tr	11	""" You know how CDs or computer chips would look to someone a hundred years ago ?"
tr	8	Claire nuzzled into the soft blonde hair and let it hide her tears .
tr	6	""" I am so sorry , my good captain , my manners are unforgivable ."
tr	9	""" So what are you going to do ? """
tr	9	She pulled with all her might as Trae pushed with his feet .
tr	10	""" I wonder if you have the answer to the question , "" he said ."
tr	8	His dad 's presence made the world feel a safer place .
tr	6	""" I 'm dying , "" the big man whispered ."
tr	9	Frankie dropped down first then Nancy until it was Gray , Malcolm , and me .
tr	8	""" What are you doing sneaking around my place ?"
tr	5	But no , she wanted the glitz , glamour , flash and fame .
tr	11	At first he was able to move his big toe , Mr. Big 's favorite .
tr	6	""" A most fitting trio , you , your dress and the roses all go together very beautifully . """
tr	6	""" Now , now ... enough of you , both . """
tr	10	He took the knife and used it to pick beneath his fingernails .
tr	5	"CHAPTER SIX SPRING 2008 "" My God , Maryellen , what is she thinking ?"
tr	7	""" I know , I know , "" said Archie , more than a little embarrassed ."
tr	5	The villagers ' sad tale , however , gave some clue .
tr	7	""" Hmm , "" she purred softly , "" this is nice ."
tr	5	""" Mike , no , "" she said ."
tr	9	He charged her naked body and quickly parted with all of his own clothing as well .
tr	9	No doubt she 's been given plenty of cause for nightmares .
tr	8	"He mines for precious stones like the kind floating around in your overpriced drink . """
tr	7	A second body was visible through it .
tr	9	' It looks like they intentionally designed it that way . '
tr	9	The hair on the back of Josie 's neck was up .
tr	5	"Ivy Pierce , Ryder Sutton and his lovely girlfriend Kenna Lee , "" Chase offered politely ."
tr	8	""" Come on fellas , just cough up and let 's get out of here , "" ordered Mark ."
tr	7	I smiled faintly and followed him to the hangar .
tr	10	""" Oh , the guys who kick the ball into the net ? """
tr	10	I turn around and look at the figure sitting behind the desk .
tr	8	""" You think we 're crazy ."
tr	9	"Hunt roared out in laughter , "" I do have a change of clothes or two here in my waist pack ."
tr	10	Again , whilst drifting into a world of pain , Simon 's fall continued through the last layer .
tr	7	The probe instantly slips into her ear canal and finds the link to her cerebral cortex .
tr	9	His legs were terribly sore from riding , and his back ached horribly .
tr	6	""" I 'm sorry , "" I say ."
tr	9	He averted it a shade too late , but held his ground with nervous defiance as Gan approached him .
tr	11	""" Aren 't they taking long ? """
tr	8	Toby absently drew imaginary lines between the planets on the Milky Way Galaxy wall with his index finger .
tr	7	When I left he wasn 't despondent , but it 's all so sudden .
tr	9	"Sofia turned to the princess and asked , "" Who locked you up here ? """
tr	9	But there is no need to keep the girl .
tr	5	""" See , there , "" he mumbled , his tone suddenly distant again ."
tr	8	""" Oh , shit , "" Sarah said when she saw it ."
tr	6	Only then did the fabled resemblance strike Joey 's two Palm Beach based co-workers .
tr	7	The woman in the white uniform brought a tray to his bed and put it on the round table .
tr	7	We clashed and threw each other back from the stalemate .
tr	6	The dangerous goods compartment held some basic , yet important scientific equipment .
tr	9	""" Captain I 'm sorry but I couldn 't tip my hand not even to you ."
tr	9	Even with your speech now that you have stepped away from the craft .
tr	9	""" I guess he couldn 't leave and he couldn 't stay ."
tr	8	""" They 're not even really tied , "" John said pulling his hands out of the bind ."
tr	6	"This one is from my personal secret recipe . """
tr	7	""" But it has spoken to you ."
tr	8	""" Your audacity has cost you your life and once dead I will end this abomination once in for all ."
tr	8	"Only the sister of the woman you killed happened to strike your trail . """
tr	10	On stage Calvin meant every word until he had no more to sing .
tr	7	""" Yes , of course , Roberto , she is tired after the long journey ."
tr	10	I was afraid to stop talking .
tr	8	"This whole exercise was just to buy Melody some time . """
tr	10	But we 've got to go more than a thousand miles , hauling a reluctant Prince along the way .
tr	7	Grass tickled my ankles , and I gripped his hand tighter .
tr	11	""" What sort of old man could allow himself to fire harmful rays at children ? """
tr	8	The giant looked about to respond , but then caught himself and turned to the Prince with a smile .
tr	7	The priest drew a pistol and began shooting .
tr	11	Also , do you want samples of the sheep 's blood ?
tr	9	Connor sensed fear in Billy 's eyes as he came closer with each step .
tr	5	' No , you weren 't , but that other man was .
tr	9	It actually seemed like a valid excuse , and it was one that her parents would believe .
tr	10	He turned hearing screaming behind him as a dark figure closed in .
tr	7	He shuffled over to the right-hand side bench and collapsed into a sitting position .
tr	7	But besides Melody , his brother Francis also wanted him to leave .
tr	7	He felt no anger , no remorse , and also no hope .
tr	8	He pressed a button on the side of the cage .
tr	10	Think about what happened to them .
tr	10	I wondered why I missed seeing it earlier .
tr	9	He possessed highly advanced reasoning skills but could , at best , be described as a bumbling child genius .
tr	9	""" I thought you 'd have one . """
tr	11	I have friends I have to help .
tr	10	A mighty wind that howls at me the mountain , and I will face them .
tr	8	As hard as she tried , her body refused to react properly .
tr	9	As he rubbed my back and ran his fingers through my hair , I didn 't know how to feel .
tr	10	He was in front of them , in the direction they were traveling .
tr	6	Her unrequited love for him ?
tr	8	""" You 'll give me a bruise , or even worse , you 'll untie my cravat !"
tr	9	I was struck by a wave of guilt .
tr	9	I lifted my eyes to the skies and saw a clear view of the stars , already I missed my kin .
tr	9	Gabriel 's violin was also resting on sapphire velvet in its case on a clean work table .
tr	7	Crossing his fingers again , he hoped , but again , there was no need .
tr	8	She didn 't got a kick ass from Damian , but definitely from me she will have it .
tr	9	She didn 't need to say it .
tr	8	""" Yes , you may verify it , of course "" she replied ."
tr	8	Only the paintings in the drawing room and bedrooms had been left untouched .
tr	6	""" Frank , it 's your editor , "" a gruff voice answered ."
tr	7	"Come unlock the gate , "" Melody called out in a rather loud , urgent whisper ."
tr	6	In less than two-dozen heartbeats , Lewis Todd had nearly leveled the room .
tr	7	He ticked each response off on his fingers .
tr	11	He looked more closely at the man who seemed so professional and serene .
tr	9	"We are going to take back the castle . """
tr	8	"She wants to enslave them . """
tr	10	""" Oh , we 'll never hear the end of that now , I suppose . """
tr	11	She can paint and use pencils not only to make notes .
tr	9	As her breathing begins to shallow , Link gently hums her song as he rocks her in his arms .
tr	9	Early Saturday morning they ate breakfast and packed sandwiches and drinks for a picnic along the way .
tr	8	Dozens of absurd faces from mummies to princesses to demons .
tr	7	A scowl dawned on Bruno 's face .
tr	9	"It gets dark in an hour or so , is everyone healthy enough to speed up ? """
tr	7	Neil dragged his eyes from the horizon and focused on her .
tr	8	Logic told her the expressions were friendly .
tr	8	They quickly walked down into the bowels of the dam .
tr	11	"Who 'd wan na stick around for that ? """
tr	7	Then he clenched his jaw , sure , and climbed to his feet , staring at the workbench .
tr	7	Phillip 's presiding at the hanging .
tr	11	Harrison charged at Pike who had just regained his feet .
tr	7	He called the dogs in , got out of his boots and went into the study .
tr	9	Nevertheless , tender green shoots struggled for sunlight , tinting the rolling land with an eager glow .
tr	11	""" Let 's hope this isn 't their last visit . """
tr	9	""" Breakfast will be served in your cabin but all other meals will be eaten with the captain . """
tr	9	The weather continued to bully the earth with a mischievous grin .
tr	7	""" Something came up , box up my usual and run it over to the station with the prisoners ."
tr	8	VIN left his new legs on while bathing ; they were now a permanent part of his body .
tr	10	We could 've stopped to untie 'em !
tr	7	""" After it got dark , I crawled back into a totally black cave ."
tr	10	Why had she decided to betray her in this way ?
tr	7	""" But it may , close the grounds and have all staff to bunkers in a drill . """
tr	7	A tear snaked down Milne 's sunken cheek , her tiny nose turned red , and her mouth pursed .
tr	9	""" If I were trapped in that ghastly thing I think I would just lose my mind . """
tr	7	questioned Uncle Jeff digging the tines of his fork into a mussel .
tr	9	She was frantic , gasping in horror , screaming for help from the nightmare .
tr	7	""" There 's a messenger from Joseph ."
tr	5	""" You are conceited , Mr Pirate . """
tr	7	A clattering of hooves echoed through the otherwise silent morning .
tr	10	Then we proved it by booking not one but three .
tr	6	What 's it been , ten , twelve years ? '
tr	10	The concern was the obvious link to Indonesia and their pasts in the jungles of Borneo .
tr	11	""" I regret that my visit is not one of simple purpose , but I must seek your council . """
tr	9	""" Underneath he 's really a lovable teddy bear with an affection for guns ."
tr	5	""" Oh , boo hoo hoo , the poor little abused Bane ."
tr	7	They were in Lord Rafe 's personal chambers .
tr	7	Tate smiled , nodding understanding .
tr	7	The two went quiet for a while after that .
tr	10	Do what you need to do .
tr	9	""" This room was a coffin for over a year , "" he explains with annoyance ."
tr	11	He couldn 't blame her , really , but he personally wished she were wrong about that .
tr	6	""" In through the front , somehow ... "" "" What , past three or four guys with guns ? """
tr	5	""" Ned and Jed are not my friends , Sir Horace ."
tr	7	You must play the main hall as first support to Bananarama this Friday . '
tr	7	""" It was done once before , "" Maria reminded him ."
tr	8	She moved to block the door instead .
tr	7	True to form , Elaina marched right in without hesitation .
tr	8	""" Adele , take Eda and go back to the tent , one of the men will take you . """
tr	10	The Devil Spirit looked down on them with a glare that made the men cry out .
tr	10	""" Dammit , where is she bleeding from ? """
tr	9	Iris , on the other hand , was troubled by the appearance of a potential rival .
tr	8	"Although one day he will need to know the whole story ! """
tr	10	I guess I 'll be seeing you .
tr	9	"Or , at least , the trickery is at an end now that you 're here before me . """
tr	9	"Then one said , "" Jus where your ship ? """
tr	9	He was one to talk .
tr	7	The European then used his spare hand and reached inside of his jacket holster .
tr	9	With the low glass coffee table in the middle of the room there was barely space to turn around .
tr	5	So blond and tan and , wow , he had some big baby blues .
tr	7	Suddenly , the horror of the day pressed into him with a vengeance and it hurt .
tr	8	Though she smiled , Chris knew she was worried .
tr	8	For his part , Jonesy had never been married , except to his aircraft .
tr	7	He looked away and strained his ears for any sounds from another carriage .
tr	7	"Rick lowered her quickly to the ground , "" Stay with me , girls ! """
tr	7	She ran her fingers through her hair and sighed .
tr	7	He draped his arms casually on the chair , forcing a relaxed pose .
tr	7	I looked up and saw a person standing in the living room doorway .
tr	5	""" Well , well , well , isn 't this cosy ? """
tr	11	""" You say the group carrying my half of the Talisman went missing ? """
tr	6	""" I guess so , "" said Beau , embarrassed ."
tr	6	I took the stairs two at a time .
tr	8	""" Maya , just don 't think about it , "" Gabe says ."
tr	6	""" I don 't know , "" he said ."
tr	10	""" He hasn 't learnt how to fall , "" he thought , as he danced away ."
tr	8	Aria screams to him , her voice slightly nasally due to her damaged nose .
tr	6	The beast had four legs , a thin tail , barrel chest , and a long snout .
tr	9	""" Now I know you 've got the wrong girl ."
tr	6	""" Let 's start with this one first , "" said Auron , "" give me the prince 's treasure . """
tr	8	"You don 't want to mess with him , "" Link warned ."
tr	10	This station used the same system and so was one of the docking ports on the International Space Station .
tr	9	""" What could be the significance of 1755 ? """
tr	9	""" Sir I have something to tell you . """
tr	8	Ben couldn 't hold himself back and ran straight up to him .
tr	10	I didn 't know what I was doing , I was like possessed by demons .
tr	7	"My team and I were hunting a shapeshifter . """
tr	7	Sometimes the banks dropped low , and she could see the dark hills all around .
tr	7	And every morning , when asked that question , Chris shook his head .
tr	7	Suddenly a massive stroke of power fires down from the ceiling and strikes Commander Kraken .
tr	11	It stunk that she couldn 't know about his work , and especially about the assignment Gabriel was on today .
tr	10	Big Brother is out to get you Maya !
tr	9	The occasional farmstead and cultivated field dotted the landscape , and we finally began to see people .
tr	9	"Are you familiar with it ? """
tr	7	""" Neither of us should have , "" said Toby ."
tr	8	He knew she was coming .
tr	6	"A few weeks in Wanaka pulling pints will restore your funds . """
tr	6	""" Your French is very good , "" he suddenly announced in English ."
tr	9	The more I hung around him the more I hated him and the more he loved me .
tr	7	Moments passed , and we didn 't say a word .
tr	8	"Would you want to see the latest issue ? """
tr	9	Archie 's smart response only served to inflame the man 's temper .
tr	7	""" Elaina , come on , "" he urged , touching her face ."
tr	9	""" Has anyone got close to getting it ? """
tr	10	I must be pretty important to have an escort .
tr	7	""" Tell me , have you seen Dr. Harland today ? """
tr	7	I 'd turned away for three seconds !
tr	8	he said , with no small amount of pride .
tr	9	Jason steps towards his daughter and looks up at her with a cocky grin .
tr	11	She 'll be splashed with mud from head to foot with this rain !
tr	6	A moment later the door creaked open again and a young and beautiful face appeared .
tr	9	Then she turned around and saw that Stacy was up .
tr	6	""" Too early to tell , "" he said simply ."
tr	9	That would give him the time he needed .
tr	8	""" Why you little ... ! """
tr	7	Kneeling down , Spike pulled off his gloves , gripped the lid firmly , and heaved it open .
tr	9	Not so much as a fork was left unattended or unpacked .
tr	9	""" Alejo says to go to the Hostel Salta NOW ! """
tr	6	"And then , shortly after midday , there came from the masthead the cry : "" Sail Ho ! """
tr	6	We 're our own worst enemies ... We 're catty , we 're mean , and we 're judgmental .
tr	10	Many were rushing to various appointments , while others ambled , their voices chattering .
tr	10	I must have looked skeptical because he went on .
tr	10	' I have direct orders from the Oval Office to follow your instructions to the letter , ' he said gruffly .
tr	10	I didn 't want to let her go .
tr	6	I feel sodden with it .
tr	7	She approached me hesitantly , almost afraid .
tr	7	If he held really still , the pain of talking was manageable .
tr	5	Baldwin , Cradock , and Joy , London , 1824 .
tr	6	I felt a tug ... then another .
tr	6	The saddlebags of the two horses revealed clothes , food , and a few coins .
tr	9	""" Then let 's go back to the hotel and not cause an alarm . """
tr	8	He began to work out his escape plan .
tr	9	What if Riki slept all night and forgot about him ?
tr	5	Yes , at the moment , lying was her best friend .
tr	6	There were sterling , enamel , pewter , square , and rectangular ones .
tr	6	"I would never forgive myself . """
tr	10	See what there is to see .
tr	7	"Make it quick , need the intel within twenty four hours . """
tr	8	He couldn 't think of anything else to say .
tr	7	"By the twin gods of truth , I swear it ! """
tr	5	""" Okay , "" I whisper ."
tr	7	she turned and looked at him with tear filled eyes .
tr	11	"* * * "" How could you stupid slugs lose him ?"
tr	5	""" I am sorry , Eda . """
tr	8	"I have nothing to -- "" The door opened in the library , and Furnace bowed ."
tr	6	""" I 'm - "" "" No , "" I growled , hoisting Kat 's slight weight off the table ."
tr	9	He kept his witchcraft secret , so that his tribal status would remain high .
tr	10	"Just remember that old wreck is made of wood . """
tr	9	Nathan paused as he quickly ran things through his head .
tr	6	With a grunt , he strode from the room .
tr	7	"Would a stiff whisky and a warm fire help get some colour back in your cheeks ? """
tr	6	Despite his English origins , this seemed more a ' math ' than a ' mathematics ' type situation to Martin .
tr	8	She nodded that he was correct .
tr	7	"Looks like the best thing to do is have some dinner and get some sleep . """
tr	5	""" What time does it leave ? """
tr	7	The mauve sky glistened off the water 's shaky surface giving the lake a purple hue .
tr	10	""" I have to be a part of this . """
tr	11	I don 't think there were any Civil War battles around River Sunday .
tr	7	We rounded up Sam , and Joyce then headed to the bridge .
tr	7	Dham 's bells might disable some and my blades do the rest but it won 't be enough .
tr	8	""" Furnace , the finest bottle of sparkles , at once . """
tr	6	She checked and of course it didn 't work .
tr	9	""" That 's all you can say ?"
tr	7	He put his clipboard on the ground , paced off a few feet , and ran a semi-circle toward the bar .
tr	9	""" I didn 't want you to know , "" Tori said ."
tr	8	""" I call that too bad of you , old man ."
tr	9	Chris looked hard at his friend 's face , but wasn 't sure exactly what he saw there .
tr	7	Also , they weren 't dressed in the normal camo green .
tr	11	"Do you know who I am ? """
tr	10	It was a slow burning fuse , moving at about two inches per second .
tr	8	Then a flare , red as a dying sun shot up into the clouds casting a bloody glare over the ice .
tr	11	There are men who are identified too closely with death .
tr	10	I suppose Carl will take all the credit , and all my followers too .
tr	8	She pulled at her niece 's hand and led her away from the traitorous football match .
tr	11	""" I 'll be fine , "" Rift quickly mutters , eager to get away from the creepy blonde ."
tr	10	She had to be sure about him .
tr	7	Virgil looked up from the ledger , huffed with relief , and kissed his fingers to her .
tr	8	He found him a second later , on the other side of the security checkpoint .
tr	11	"I guess we can do whatever we want . """
tr	10	She panicked and tried to lean forward but couldn 't break away .
tr	10	"   After weeks of marital bliss the crow master called out , "" Land ahoy ! """
tr	8	I 'll bring back an army of a thousand knights .
tr	10	I don 't think she 's foretelling it .
tr	10	And his voice did not change when he talked about his brother .
tr	11	""" Do you think I 'm attractive ? """
tr	7	My world changed dramatically , school was easy , A 's were flowing in , and everyone was happy .
tr	10	""" I would have found you no matter where you were . """
tr	9	"I 'm going to check his weapons and everything else . """
tr	7	""" Obviously looting it , and no Germans in sight , "" he thought to himself ."
tr	7	The properties of this focused energy are defined by its vibration or frequency .
tr	11	He felt grounded , connected to a galactic love relationship between his Star and his Planet .
tr	9	In fact Noah actually felt sorry for him and a warming desire to be friends .
tr	10	There isn 't a drop of humanity flowing in their veins .
tr	7	' Even though we don 't chart , Dave will see bigger sales than forecast ? '
tr	11	Camden 's expression turned to one of determination , a stone like resolve upon his brow .
tr	10	I reckon I should have told somebody .
tr	7	"Though , I will say Grand Junction is a bit out of the way . """
tr	6	Melissa and Chris exchanged a guarded glance , Chris grabbed the knob but it wouldn 't turn .
tr	7	""" Now , tell me about these magical crimes , "" He continued , "" if you so choose . """
tr	8	Windows on either side let in plenty of light .
tr	8	He had been very impressed by Simon 's composure .
tr	7	The two thrusters were vibrating the interior and still the craft hasn 't moved .
tr	9	Up until now things had been running along with just a hitch or two , nothing out of the ordinary .
tr	10	Matthew nodded as Bax finished tying the last knot .
tr	7	""" Simon , "" Barbara said , "" do sit down . """
tr	6	The prince gently drew out a stick and pulled the wrapper off .
tr	11	""" I see that Raven was right about you , "" he said appreciatively ."
tr	7	Logan 's gaze drifted out the window towards the sun .
tr	10	Until Aimee returned , or I 'd rescued her , I 'd make sure Marie was okay .
tr	10	""" It 's good to meet you Lyudmila . """
tr	9	Unfortunately , I feared they would be too late .
tr	11	They were so happy but , that will never happen again now that they are divorcing .
tr	9	The last day of the trip , or the next day after we came .
tr	8	He quickly passed the word for everyone to withdraw inside .
tr	10	They finally landed on the rooftop , where four more armed guards waited .
tr	8	That is , until mom walked in .
tr	6	Chapter One High school was over , finally , and Alyssa Hunter was both excited and annoyed .
tr	11	Astrid nodded , unsure of what to expect .
tr	6	I keep my face placid , but my anger flares .
tr	11	Valerie glances over to see the ship 's weapons officer slumped over his console .
tr	10	"I wish I knew why . """
tr	8	While she stood watching , most of the group clambered up the slippery yellow dune and threw themselves down again .
tr	7	""" A bit of an upgrade for you , young man , from a Cherokee to an R8 !"
tr	8	""" So , we 'll drink to it , eh ? """
tr	10	But all the same , I brushed some of the worst off with my hands .
tr	10	The music changed and dancing began , and then I noticed that they had been drinking .
tr	9	Matthew was certain they knew this cowboy .
tr	11	"You two are going to start worrying me . """
tr	11	""" No , never mind that ; give me a hand to get him up ."
tr	10	Now the band faced the unfunny task of chanting it out alone .
tr	10	Guess I was telling after all .
tr	7	His arms , splayed out like the Messiah 's , drooped even in death .
tr	7	Their hands were suspiciously thrust into their waistcoats .
tr	6	Prologue After five sons , Sally Johnson Browning gave birth to a baby girl on July 4 , 1900 .
tr	7	Not a boy , really ; he must be my age .
tr	6	"I have a younger sister , too , but , of course , she 's a Valkyrie . """
tr	7	When Franco called his name , his ears perked to full attention .
tr	9	I was held hostage in my room cleaning guns with Alita .
tr	6	""" Yeah , he told me all about your little spell back in New York . """
tr	6	The little girl bites her lip , looks back at a ruined house just off the path .
tr	7	Lucas collected the lantern , still resting on the table from the night before , and returned it to the backpack .
tr	6	An hour later , though , she grew suspicious of its supposed accuracy .
tr	9	They crossed the hall and entered the surgical lab , facing HS2 for moment through the observation glass .
tr	6	""" I 'm sorry , Mr. Princeton , "" Beth said , "" but it 's standard coffee this afternoon . """
tr	9	He could see her smiling face ; saw her bouncing off down the street .
tr	10	With her magic she rifles my mind for the knowledge she needs and steers my skilled fingers .
tr	11	Feeling faint , she crawled in slow motion under the canvas tarps Gabriel had pointed out and tried not to move .
tr	6	""" He 's busy at the moment , tracking down an escaped prisoner ."
tr	8	Mortals rarely get to savour this . '
tr	8	Next is a bathroom and then a closet with towels and stuff .
tr	5	""" All right , let 's go , "" Tavi murmured ."
tr	7	My mind kept slipping back though .
tr	10	""" Do you have any documentary proof of your claims ? """
tr	8	""" Victoria , "" said Ben , "" contact Toby and 007 , we need them now . """
tr	10	She wondered if her brother would ever come back for war .
tr	9	""" We have to catch that messenger and rescue Phillip . """
tr	11	"He said , "" I have to go on a scouting patrol tomorrow ."
tr	5	""" You hunt angels . """
tr	8	Bishop and his team headed straight for the C-5 outside the hangar .
tr	10	They hissed upon entrance , steam billowing into the cave .
tr	6	Yes , our lucky numbers are : 4 , 6 , 9 , 10 , 22 , and 30 .
tr	8	"Explain away , "" Joe called back , tightening the grip on his rifle ."
tr	8	""" So we let an Illinois lawyer lead us to war ? """
tr	11	Everything 's gon na be focused on Chuck .
tr	7	""" No , I handed it to you just before ... "" he winked and nodded towards the tree ."
tr	8	My body is moving , leaving my thoughts behind .
tr	11	This has got to be the doings of Sam Houston .
tr	10	"We can take them easily enough and get the information we need . """
tr	8	Eda nodded and rested her head on Adele 's shoulder .
tr	10	Those guys she had seen on the mountain -- they would forget about her soon though , right ?
tr	9	It was Billy 's doing .
tr	7	Bringing the boat back around on course , his hands were still shaking from the near-death experience .
tr	8	If the intruder was leaving they had to come this way .
tr	9	Although he was as guilty as sin , I had looked on the proceedings with some worry .
tr	7	""" Took everything but left the animals to wander ."
tr	9	Andy thought about what Tim had said .
tr	10	Injections meant to quickly restore atrophied muscles cause sudden contractions .
tr	8	They formed a large circle around Mark and Josie 's table .
tr	9	I grabbed her chin with two fingers and lightly angled it to face me .
tr	7	""" I spoke to General Sampson last month , "" said Anderson , "" and he just stalled for more time ."
tr	5	In another moment , she heard an identical noise .
tr	11	He was unsure of what to do next .
tr	5	Of the three , only Felix is still alive . '
tr	7	He folded his arms , nodded amiably at the Hunter beside him and assumed a bored air .
tr	10	The onslaught becomes endless , every instant the boy isn 't attacking becoming Mai 's window of opportunity .
tr	7	But she continued to remember .
tr	6	Better to chain lightning than put shackles on a Creator .
tr	10	They entered the dining room where there were still a few people finishing up lunch .
tr	8	I was no longer angry about simply the situation but also with Drake 's demeanour .
tr	7	One spy client waved his arms and shouted Jolie 's name to his group .
tr	5	In the hallway , the Black and Red Jesters make eye contact once more .
tr	7	There is a bucket of cold water outside .
tr	9	I tuck my hands into my body and pick at the torn skin around my wrists .
tr	11	She stepped back and asked him what she could do for him .
tr	9	Don 't let that happen -- easy for him to say !
tr	6	"And may the Spirit of the Wind bring you back to me . """
tr	11	He wondered if the trees didn 't have similar thoughts about the humans skulking past .
tr	5	So this wasn 't a dream .
tr	6	""" Honestly , I 'm tone deaf , "" she said ."
tr	10	Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
tr	8	' She 's tall , slim , with long blonde hair .
tr	8	With a wink towards Alexandra and a shove towards me , he separated us .
tr	5	' Oh , just some new kid , ' he said .
tr	9	Have responded to the disturbance at Golden Leaf .
tr	6	The sounds were better : songbirds and owls .
tr	6	""" She was fine , eventually , "" Henry said with a heavy sigh ."
tr	9	With one finger he rubbed the mark and then brought it close to his nose .
tr	8	"You won 't stand out as much that way . """
tr	7	The room erupted in light hearted groans and Mr. C waved it down with his hands .
tr	8	""" And what of Captain Erik and the rest of the River Guard ? """
tr	9	He needed an ironclad case before he brought it to anyone .
tr	8	"You look ... different , "" He managed to get out finally ."
tr	10	But there were so many things that were still messed up , other people he had hurt .
tr	5	""" My little girl , and I didn 't even know ."
tr	7	The temperatures hovered around zero and the light snow opened up into a full blown blizzard .
tr	5	""" Yes , but Chalky and I fought a war together ."
tr	8	""" When it was getting dark , I took your gun and fired it a few times ."
tr	11	I run , kicking up muddy water , letting my legs propel me to their full speed .
tr	10	There was much work to do on the place .
tr	6	To my further surprise , I could still control my strength and energy completely .
tr	7	His concentration is off , and he is a second too slow .
tr	10	She spun around and pointed pretty much back the way we had just come .
tr	10	When the boy had passed each of their tests , the Empress herself took him into Her arms .
tr	6	""" Fer cryin ' out loud , "" he roared , "" one at a time ! """
tr	8	One of Reid 's bullets had pierced the petrol tank of the first 4x4 .
tr	11	""" I 'm not going to undress here -- oy , stop that ! """
tr	11	"I don 't know what he wants me to do . """
tr	8	A long chain trailed from the foot of one to the bed .
tr	8	For some reason putting things inside a small enclosed area actually makes it feel larger .
tr	8	She flushed with embarrassment and poked him repeatedly until he awakened .
tr	11	"Jeff sighed , "" OK , let me think how to explain this ."
tr	11	It was the first time a U.S. Air Force aircraft had ever landed on this short , narrow runway .
tr	6	The hot sun warmed his face , and a gentle breeze rustled a wind chime somewhere close by .
tr	8	When I looked back to the road , Malcolm had disappeared into the crowd .
tr	7	We drove to a place on Blanding Boulevard right next to a chicken wing restaurant .
tr	10	""" Did I say I knew ?"
tr	9	I won 't always be here to protect you .
tr	9	I stayed close to Gorn and forced the paper into the palm of his hand .
tr	8	He reached out toward the wolf , running his fingers along the line very gently .
tr	7	Then just as quickly as it had begun , the light withdrew back into the stone .
tr	9	It also brought to mind Sky 's meeting with her father in Norfolk .
tr	7	Reid pulled up behind a hot dog vendor and went inside the building .
tr	7	"You both have run out of time ! """
tr	6	Where would it put them ?
tr	9	It told him how much they had missed him .
tr	8	Her best guy friend Noah was waking up from his perch back with the luggage .
tr	10	This ratio meant that relatively small potential differences could create very high exhaust velocities .
tr	9	She was out of yeast but David seemed to prefer the simple flour biscuits anyway .
tr	9	Convincing Amanda he should take the lead had been a nightmare .
tr	6	""" There 's our 451 , "" Duke said to Goodspeed ."
tr	8	I will succeed where Darin failed .
tr	10	While standing in line , Chris turned occasionally to watch folks enter the large room .
tr	5	""" Sure are , "" Lonnie lied ."
tr	8	Even Paddy had double duty over the holiday not only being responsible for the Quartermaster Stores but also the armory .
tr	8	Godard whispered in disbelief behind me .
tr	5	Faro Iago 's reputation preceded him .
tr	9	He folds his hands together and places them on the table before him .
tr	10	Those people that were accused as rebels were hanged to death .
tr	8	"How is the company holding up since Pearson 's death ? """
tr	8	This caused Michael and Ben to burst into a fit of giggles .
tr	7	The figure raised its hand to him and Nathan did the same in return .
tr	8	He slid gracefully down beside Nathan and put his mouth to his father 's ear .
tr	6	Before the shapeshifter tore out his heart and assumed his identity .
tr	11	"After all , I wouldn 't be here at all if it weren 't for them . """
tr	7	Benjamin 's eyebrows were raised at Gabriel .
tr	6	"How will we subdue them ? """
tr	10	I held on for dear life and hoped the person couldn 't see my hands .
tr	9	With great care he rolled the wounded hawk over and let him nestle into the long , tall grass .
tr	6	Her long , black , venomous tail cracked behind her dripping with black liquid .
tr	10	Kurt and Amanda were on the run ; decoys were a luxury they couldn 't afford .
tr	8	Glittering fragments crunched under my feet when I entered the first chamber .
tr	10	""" Link , "" Navi attempts to interject before the fighting resumes ."
tr	7	Shaking the king awake , we gathered around the small table to trade stories .
tr	6	Finally , she stopped and put the pen down carefully .
tr	7	"Who knows who will need it next . """
tr	6	""" Thank you , "" he said , and bowed ."
tr	7	""" Do not ignore me you young fool , I 'm warning you ! """
tr	9	""" You know , what you did to my guardians . """
tr	9	Having Hector 's network on side and at his disposal was comforting to say the least .
tr	10	""" Are you going to tell us something now ?"
tr	10	""" I don 't like the sound of it but you could see it that way , "" Taylor conceded ."
tr	9	Josh grinned up at Claire from the gorge below and cupped his hands to his mouth .
tr	8	Mariposa tried to look bored .
tr	11	Some say it 's been in existence since 1630 ... ... .
tr	6	' You 're clear , ' a voice replied in our earpieces .
tr	10	We have got to get out of here .
tr	5	In the colony all the birds were very busy .
tr	7	They kissed and then sat in silence a moment .
tr	10	I was glad we 'd come in .
tr	8	Eda sniffed and wiped the back of her hand over her cheeks .
tr	7	""" If I knew that I wouldn 't be guessing . """
tr	6	"I 'll be right outside . """
tr	5	Well , um , there 's a silent film festival downtown next week .
tr	8	It looked exactly the same as the one before , but in this room , Jonesy was singled out by Suzi .
tr	6	The car veered off the main road and rocketed down a steep incline .
tr	9	They were still the most attractive people she had ever seen .
tr	7	He repeated over and over one word , loud and distinct , and fully understood by the crowd .
tr	10	Another thought teased into her brain , scratching at her mind like a briar .
tr	7	"You can believe that , lady . """
tr	7	Both of them are now recent graduates and pursuing their professional writing goals in Edmonton .
tr	8	The forklift crashed into the first stack of pallets .
tr	9	It would be up to the Kiwi to fill it in .
tr	10	""" Am I supposed to know what that is ?"
tr	11	He started to reach for the material again but stopped when the bear began growling again .
tr	11	It took three attempts to get the key in the ignition and find a gear .
tr	7	You 're cute and I acted out of character but we 're just talking . '
tr	7	There were numerous fallen branches and some brush , but nothing a horse could not navigate over or around .
tr	11	If you wish the truth , she is carrying a yellow gem necklace I gave her for her twelfth birthday .
tr	8	A shadow suddenly loomed in front of us .
tr	7	"You are more impressive in real life . """
tr	8	Once liberated , the stars made their way through the heavens to their true and proper place in the universe .
tr	9	Mechanisms whir to life as systems are booted and software is tested .
tr	7	Jonesy then opened the middle hatches , and the lights flickered from green to orange .
tr	11	""" Anything else you think I should know ? """
tr	10	Our discussion on this same topic had led to the duel with Otto Fuchs and our flight across the continent .
tr	8	He sees himself as the people 's leader and not their oppressor .
tr	6	Down in the sitting room , the candles still burned in their wax cylinders , flickering and dancing .
tr	7	Why was I , an innocent victim , locked up in some makeshift holding cell ?
tr	7	With dainty steps on pipe cleaner legs the Tarantula stepped down to the ground .
tr	5	At first , the figure resembled yet another giant flame .
tr	8	Dust lingered in the air for weeks after .
tr	8	The woman seemed more shocked at the explosion than grateful to Kai .
tr	8	It was Costas who finally spoke .
tr	11	She knew what it was going to do .
tr	6	' I can build this . '
tr	9	When he got the all clear , the engineer nodded up to the captain before chirping something into a walkie talkie .
tr	10	""" I thought you were immune from disease ? """
tr	7	The two incisions were so quick , Asst. Fowler barely had time to comprehend .
tr	7	However , ten minutes into the drive , both passengers had completely passed out .
tr	7	Her elegant visage , marred with dirt and small bruises , remains static despite Link 's efforts .
tr	11	""" So like you want to serve people ? """
tr	7	""" I 'm fine , "" said Bryony , eventually getting her mouth under control ."
tr	6	"To the horse , Edward said , "" You are one ugly mother ... "" Clint interrupted him ."
tr	11	It made her wonder what kind of a lover he would be .
tr	9	There would only be two pilots in the cockpit this time , equalizing the weight .
tr	7	They chatted animatedly during the ten minute drive from the city centre up the hill and into Clifton Village .
tr	5	""" Come on , I won 't sink . """
tr	8	He waited for a few minutes , and a few minutes more , but no one appeared in the street .
tr	8	Normally , the massive chamber was resplendent in decorations and brimming with people .
tr	10	What was he going to do with her ?
tr	7	His priest came next , steadying the prisoner .
tr	8	""" It 's different for guys , is all ."
tr	11	How did she know about our house exploding , I thought .
tr	10	When the blades finally came to a halt I exited the helicopter and went to look inside the hangar .
tr	7	The injured were dispatched with the parang .
tr	9	He was peering over her shoulder staring awestruck at the window .
tr	7	""" Damned if I know ."
tr	7	The last of the Indians down there disappeared into the trees , some upriver , and some down .
tr	7	I reached inside my coat and handed him the daguerreotype .
tr	10	"Pleased to meet you Melody Perkins , "" as she hauled him back up to his feet ."
tr	11	You 'll be gone before they 've figured it out .
tr	7	I did typically stay at the Marriott .
tr	8	As the velvet parted from the table it began revealing the glistening marvel underneath .
tr	8	It tipped sideways , throwing her stomach to the ground .
tr	5	""" Come on , it 's no much farther . """
tr	5	""" In a way , perhaps , we all have , commander ."
tr	7	Nathan pointed to the bridges along the eastern border and the refugee camps marked by red circles .
tr	11	Tree trunks blocked every line of sight in a few paces , which didn 't help his plan .
tr	8	There were all shades of green , but none of the usual sunset colors .
tr	9	It seems the tragedies will never cease , and Princess Zelda cannot help but feel partially responsible .
tr	10	Hank hoped that this was one of those occasions .
tr	9	""" They 'll be living in London , won 't they ? """
tr	8	"Come with me and the children or stay here and die tomorrow . """
tr	9	He had to kill his friend , a woman .
tr	6	Neither man made any noise or movement , but both stood stock still .
tr	8	He had always liked the idea of surfing .
tr	7	He slipped off the goggles and picked up the heavy rifle by his side .
tr	5	""" I booked a two-bedroom cottage . """
tr	10	"Finally , in desperation , I ask , "" do you really think we 'll win ? """
tr	10	"He wanted to see the Texas , too , as you know . """
tr	7	They stood in a perfect line , not saying a word , their faces unreadable .
tr	8	She threw her blades down and kicked out at the shield as hard as she could .
tr	9	Both boys lay quietly in their beds consumed by their own thoughts .
tr	9	""" Nice place you have here , "" I said to my passengers ."
tr	7	Jolie spoke in rapid French and the reporter backed away , cowering .
tr	8	The names , characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author 's imagination .
tr	6	Rupert waved one hairy hand at him .
tr	9	Reggie spotted Paul Campbell in the crowd shaking hands and slapping backs .
tr	9	"I used to work for Magic . """
tr	9	Warrior demands with annoyance , demonstrating the amazing emotional simulation of the Warrior AI .
tr	11	They seemed to know what they were doing .
tr	10	""" Yes , we have to cross here if we can . """
tr	11	David ordered his men to remain in position and stay quiet for now .
tr	11	He was still working his fingers , restoring circulation after standing outside on a brisk January morning .
tr	7	They make us all tools , she thought , to use or destroy .
tr	11	Jon couldn 't quite form a sentence but Kimberly knew what he wanted to know .
tr	9	""" I don 't suppose that 's still on . """
tr	11	Faces began to swim before her closed eyelids .
tr	8	""" Be gone , "" the Queen of Twilight breathes , launching her dark arrow at the boy ."
tr	8	Eda struggled upright , listening to their conversation carefully .
tr	11	The girl behind the counter was staring at the man with a look of utter horror on her face .
tr	5	And for that fleeting moment , it was fresh and new .
tr	6	For some reason , frankness and concern from Dorian was more disconcerting than his usual banter .
tr	7	""" I don 't have an acceptable answer to that my Laird ."
tr	10	"Who gives clues after they kidnap somebody , "" James said ."
tr	9	""" Finer , perhaps , but a bit small for modesty , don 't you think ? """
tr	10	"did I do something wrong ? """
tr	9	Warned by some sense of danger , the man turned , eyes widening .
tr	10	She forced her breathing to even , willing herself to sleep , just sleep .
tr	8	' I know what you mean , ' said Reid .
tr	10	""" I thought you might know something about that ."
tr	9	It had healed quickly and she had eagerly returned to ride .
tr	9	"You don 't want them to sting you . """
tr	9	A slow smile curled Eda 's lips and she reached out hand to touch his cheek .
tr	7	The smell of sweet frosting and cinnamon laced the air .
tr	7	But for now , in his anger , he decided to forego using it altogether .
tr	9	An odd growl grabs Rift 's attention , the sound seeming to echo in some inverted way .
tr	10	Since their parents were both dead and they had no living relatives there would be no family to refute it .
tr	9	and other French niceties got lost in the crashing of pans and dishes .
tr	10	Our bodies automatically stop the blood flowing to the tail so we don 't bleed .
tr	8	His eyes roamed over her body and she felt shivers running down her spine .
tr	8	While the men checked and rechecked their tack and guns and studied the weather , Sarah closed her eyes and prayed .
tr	10	I tried not to let it bother me .
tr	8	she exclaimed , poking her head back into the main room .
tr	11	They were a mix of family shots and pictures of people he didn 't recognize .
tr	9	"Do you want that ? """
tr	10	The top part where she had broken off the rounded head was flaky and warm .
tr	10	By now he 's past the illusions , so he can use his scouts to track us .
tr	9	Don 't try to be quiet .
tr	9	""" Don 't saw the top of your egg with a knife ; it 's vulgar ."
tr	6	But there 's a flip side to that too .
tr	6	Franco Salazar must be dead .
tr	7	Llama emerged from the bunker entrance and fired his rifle 's grenade launcher .
tr	8	Drake moved away from the monitor and back to me .
tr	5	""" Just on weekends , "" I replied , and his frown deepened ."
tr	7	These young men deserve more than a butcher or a charlatan .
tr	10	"You 've got a nice voice you know , although the words were a bit slurred . """
tr	5	""" A few hours , I think , "" Abby guessed ."
tr	10	He had been hoping to leave that night .
tr	6	""" According to the letter , the pay will match my skills and experience . """
tr	10	Crikey Calvin what did you eat ?
tr	7	The skin had broken over them .
tr	7	""" Yes , "" said Lucifer , "" It is rather , "" he paused and shivered , "" chilly . """
tr	9	""" Total flight time : two hours , four minutes from takeoff , "" added Jonesy ."
tr	6	""" I 'm not sure , "" Rhys said , "" but his pulse is fading . """
tr	6	""" - Hey you , "" an old man called out behind us ."
tr	8	You were unconscious when they brought you in .
tr	6	""" The last time I trusted a guy , I was eighteen and I was pregnant three weeks later . """
tr	10	I 'm surprised there hasn 't been more .
tr	6	I lay my head back down on the pillow .
tr	6	"If it was my calling ... "" "" No , not your calling , GOD 's calling . """
tr	10	Tommy changed his tone and asked his question again as Noelle came down from the porch .
tr	7	The tri-colored apartment complex where he waited soared to the cloudless sky , cream , cinnamon , and pistachio .
tr	6	""" Yes , but it has vast application potential . """
tr	9	Sylvia yanked Jude by the scruff of his neck and pushed him towards the escape doorway .
tr	11	He shifted his position , getting away from a rock pressing between his shoulders .
tr	7	He finished the biscuit and wiped his fingers on his jeans .
tr	10	He still felt as though he were constantly being tested , keeping the unbalanced team together .
tr	8	Josie turned to Kendall 's truck and shouted over at Carlos .
tr	8	Nelly let go of her toe and bobbed a curtsy .
tr	11	"But I am willing to try , "" Ricky replied all excited to be of a mysterious adventure ."
tr	8	The Bastian tech guided us down a further two floors of the castle .
tr	8	""" Is this one of those exhaustion matches where whoever has the most Vampires wins ? """
tr	10	asked Rand , turning to survey the surroundings .
tr	7	After a while , it became part of the scenery .
tr	8	He 's not romantic hero material , even if his lyrics are rather clever .
tr	10	""" Give us all the money you got from the bank . """
tr	7	""" I used to be ."
tr	9	Those that dwell in the south are evil of being and evil of soul .
tr	9	Stop trying to be him .
tr	7	There were a lot of kids , mostly older than me .
tr	10	Most took it with calm resolve , but several seemed keen to set out right away .
tr	6	""" Why don 't I take our guests inside and you show them around . """
tr	10	I 'd come back tomorrow , rescue them both , and head to the police with evidence .
tr	7	The wind slid through his soft black hair and his open jacket caught the wind and rippled .
tr	7	I cannot be seen , and I leave not a trace .
tr	11	It  s got surround sound .
tr	9	"Harmless to those who stay behaved . """
tr	6	She wore her best evening attire , a long black velvet skirt and matching blazer with a cream-colored silk blouse .
tr	6	' How about a test drive ' I asked .
tr	9	I kept yelling and when the fire came down to the basement I screamed .
tr	8	"It did have that kind of weight . """
tr	9	Megan hesitated and started to slow down .
tr	10	I had been receiving guarded looks for most of the morning .
tr	11	She took a deep breath and tried to stop the shake in her voice .
tr	7	I said full of amazed .
tr	9	The manor was set back from the woods by a short distance and would give a brilliant view of any attackers .
tr	8	As he spoke she could feel his breath stirring her hair .
tr	7	The robes were rough wool and hung off the slight figures , but they were spotless and showed not a wrinkle .
tr	9	The Yank was his winning ticket to getting her .
tr	11	He had not even balked when Eda had been at her most irritable .
tr	6	""" Told you , "" Lilly Ann beamed ."
tr	11	They had been in communication with each other for an hour now .
tr	8	Still a damned foolish place to build a fortress .
tr	6	"We go in , we take him out . """
tr	5	his dark ochre eyes were wide and serious .
tr	8	Clancy soon found the dirt path and they moved into the woods , away from prying eyes .
tr	6	"Things might get very complicated otherwise . """
tr	9	The old man got up , thanked Sophia , and left her with the chalice as a parting gift .
tr	7	It was some thousand feet away from the humans and all their activity .
tr	8	The dragon ornament at the head of the bow even contained large kerosene lamps for the added effect of fire-breathing .
tr	11	Are we like clouds , pushed by new winds , bringing changes we don 't understand ?
tr	6	""" You mean ... "" The captain 's eyes widened ."
tr	8	Hyperion was now standing in the shapeshifter 's room .
tr	8	These girls ' clothes are worth more than our entire farm , Lucius !
tr	11	""" I can 't believe I 'm doing this , "" he muttered , then whirled the gun 's chamber shut ."
tr	9	If you tell anyone about us , the authorities and media will find out .
tr	7	""" Well , thanks for your forgiveness , oh great one , "" Hank shot back sarcastically ."
tr	9	"Do you need anything ? """
tr	8	"Several long moments passed with no firing and Cake asked , "" What the fuck is he waiting for ? """
tr	5	The man 's voice was deep and calm .
tr	9	Everyone thought that would be good .
tr	8	The walls glinted with gild , and the polished wood floor squeaked as we moved .
tr	6	""" Just relax "" , she changed her look from me to the sea ."
tr	11	Swinging back , I saw my little Lilly wipe a crystal tear from her golden eyes .
tr	9	"I load on all my suspicious obits -- those are the red pins -- and look for patterns . """
tr	5	""" Yes , quite some time , "" Paul answered ."
tr	6	""" OK , if that 's all ... "" Everyone gave a thumbs up ."
tr	7	My left axe wobbled and popped out of its feeble placement .
tr	7	"Even then , at that tender age , I did not like the restrictions on my sex . """
tr	7	The green eyes staring back at me and the pink hue of her showing me the way .
tr	9	Overflow deliveries were allowed , and for non-critical placements , but Claus generally did not use his personal accounts .
tr	9	Still smiling , she crawled onto the bed and straddled him as he lay back .
tr	6	Closing them quickly , he turned the glass over .
tr	10	The machine was his only chance of reaching the woman in time .
tr	8	""" John ... "" Grinning , he hopped up and went to the kitchen sink to wash ."
tr	10	She didn 't mind cold weather -- it was being cold that she hated .
tr	7	""" Besides , I do work for NET . """
tr	8	Frozen in position , their round faces locked eyes on their pups in the clearing beyond the tree .
tr	9	I guess I wasn 't the only one with a dysfunctional family .
tr	9	What in the world were they supposed to talk about ?
tr	7	He released her and held it above his head .
tr	11	She opened her eyes the merest slit , peering through her lashes .
tr	9	He looked down at the pitch and could see two level eight fighters resuming the action .
tr	6	Chapter 11 Every year , right after the watermelon parade , folks had a big barbecue out at the river .
tr	11	""" I know you are in love with him ."
tr	11	Claire shuddered at the thought of wearing something already used and abused by someone else .
tr	8	Actually , I thought it would , but not so soon .
tr	8	For a time both were silent , and Eda waited in expectant excitement for Rand 's next words .
tr	7	' And if we were to say no ? '
tr	8	""" He used to climb over the fort wall . """
tr	6	""" I won 't keep you forever ."
tr	9	I glanced at the sky again before walking out of the alley .
tr	6	They helped her into the long boat .
tr	11	Everyone 's pretty tense after the attacks to the north and with what happened to President Phillips .
tr	8	* * * Sitting behind his newly skinned drums Raphael loved the sound until Tom recorded him .
tr	7	Just the emptiness and that little dot of energy growing larger .
tr	9	""" Alfred planned my murder , and he thinks he succeeded , "" said Jacob ."
tr	11	I said we would open the door for you . '
tr	11	Claire imagined it must have been spectacular a few weeks before .
tr	11	The sweat that had formed on Seth 's forehead now began streaming in rivulets down his face and into his eyes .
tr	11	Give me a couple of days to sort my affairs out .
tr	10	What seemed to be minutes passed .
tr	7	Agent Williams then transformed , into the older , thinning haired Asian Chef .
tr	7	Either the innkeeper was a very good actor , or he was genuinely confused .
tr	5	"Of course , at her age , point zero is the legal limit . """
tr	6	"It is so stupid now , but we were pretty edgy back then ! """
tr	8	In the doorway , I looked over the room before poking around .
tr	9	""" I love you and don 't want to wait ."
tr	10	She looked at one of her bride 's maids and nodded her head .
tr	9	Yes , I am definitely going to enjoy this voyage .
tr	8	That had to be the answer .
tr	8	She turned hard to the left , blowing a traffic signal and nearly flattening a lackadaisical pensioner .
tr	7	""" Oh no I found it in the bush , remember ? """
tr	11	Claire released her seat belt and leaned over to look at Sky 's face .
tr	7	Gabe picks up the rabbit between his hands .
tr	7	"We must stay out of sight . """
tr	8	Trotting along , we came suddenly into a swirling cloud of mist .
tr	11	"She put one hand on his forehead and said , "" No use rushing things , now , you poor dear ."
tr	9	""" This is from a single farm in Costa Rica , "" he explained ."
tr	6	What they found was Dr. Cook .
tr	7	""" They retreat at daylight , "" Brand said ."
tr	7	We brought Jacob forward as she answered .
tr	5	"These cherry wood furnishings and plush blankets aren 't exactly standard hospital issue . """
tr	7	""" There , he 's gone , I think ."
tr	8	When he was only a step away from the body , he felt something close around his ankle .
tr	11	He could see there was more than one item held within .
tr	6	What is he not telling me ?
tr	11	Preston and Missile had to go until they crossed the line .
tr	7	That should tell us your maximum thrust needs with a full load .
tr	6	""" Alfred really creeps me out , "" said Victoria ."
tr	6	For once , the reality was even more impressive than the Hollywood version .
tr	6	Her lips became chapped and cracked , but at least the prickly rash went away .
tr	11	"We really don 't know what or who we 're dealing with . """
tr	11	She was as lost s she could be .
tr	9	Complete stillness greeted this question , and Lord Brogan weighed his every word carefully before he spoke it .
tr	8	There was something in his voice that Claire couldn 't quite place .
tr	6	He took a deep breath , gathered his strength , and followed the wall .
tr	6	With a cool hiss , the metallic doors of the Hummer unlocked and opened .
tr	9	' If we sign these deals we 'll have to get proper transport . '
tr	7	Even from outside , the clatter of plates and glasses and the boisterous chatter of the diners could be heard .
tr	10	Blasted casters make me as jumpy as a crescent frog at harvest !
tr	11	Beppe spoke into his mobile phone before giving the other party a chance to speak .
tr	7	I leapt out of the vehicle , dashing forward .
tr	7	""" They can see each other across the whole world ? """
tr	6	""" How did you get this number ? """
tr	8	He wants you to run , remember ?
tr	8	In the one corner was a glass cabinet filled with weapons and swords .
tr	7	A few weeks after the inauguration , a Bird seeker from Woodpecker 's old country came to visit .
tr	8	The outfit was complete with a black jacket , bow tie and shiny black shoes .
tr	7	"Not far from here , in fact . """
tr	10	The hoof 's glossy black beauty , as smoldering as a woman 's eye .
tr	9	It was a beautiful sound to her , a sound filled with love and hope .
tr	6	""" But in others you remain the dunce . """
tr	8	Worn couches and old chairs were strewn around without any apparent thought or design .
tr	5	For the next several minutes , neither Henry nor I said anything .
tr	8	I paced in front of the quilt .
tr	10	Doc comes around to look at Rick 's screen .
tr	6	""" That minute can be an eternity though !"
tr	5	Chapter Twelve On Death and Dying The morgue is quiet and cold .
tr	8	""" Take the princess into custody , sergeant , "" Jason orders , his voice stern ."
tr	11	Sophia began to avoid having any contact with him .
tr	6	""" Are you the Americans next door ? """
tr	9	Xavier said he would kill him .
tr	9	""" Want to try again ? """
tr	11	""" What do you think I 've been doing this whole time ? """
tr	6	""" Well , it is very possible , "" Dan said at the same time ."
tr	6	Roman watched me with an inscrutable expression before nodding .
tr	7	Lars , or whatever , Alex came fast to me .
tr	8	""" The people who deserted this city must have taken all their treasures with them ."
tr	11	He was discharged after declining a less demanding role in a training centre .
tr	8	""" I remember you , "" she said , her tongue thick in her mouth ."
tr	8	He let his words sink in for a few seconds .
tr	9	""" It 's apparent , "" said Jacob , "" that Alfred was somehow tied up with an Indonesian terrorist group ."
tr	9	Except these lions didn 't look like they wanted to make friends .
tr	10	"She said stoutly , "" I intend to take it all back ."
tr	6	""" A small , elite army can often defeat a larger one . """
tr	8	When he went down , Sarah saw John standing behind him with a large manure shovel in his hands .
tr	11	To think he is on a mission to save such an undeserving populous .
tr	9	""" A pleasure to see you Princess , "" one of them expresses , maintaining his bow respectfully ."
tr	6	""" Jennifer sees them , "" Amber giggled and bobbed her head with its blond pony tail up and down enthusiastically ."
tr	9	I am going to miss you .
tr	8	Six times , every day , they would activate and scan for new orders .
tr	10	The great arc of the pier gleamed dully in the mist that filled the harbor .
tr	8	I simply had to see him .
tr	10	Warrior performs a barrel roll and the stars spin about in her field of view .
tr	5	""" Yes , he was , "" came the honest reply ."
tr	8	The small canine expanded rapidly to the size of a horse .
tr	10	It had begun as soon as they touched her .
tr	9	""" OK , but promise not to tell anybody , "" Tori said ."
tr	7	She looked down at the elfin face and saw a wobbling bottom lip .
tr	9	He curled into himself , much like a beast at bay .
tr	8	A pounding in his head , a sickly sweet scent in the air and salty , metallic stickiness on his lips .
tr	11	"It wouldn 't be permanent would it ? """
tr	10	I hope he understands what I mean .
tr	11	""" He says to stay away from the mountains , "" Riki said , "" and to go home fast . """
tr	9	"His voice grew soft , "" We could even finish what you started . """
tr	6	All their holidays flashed past one after the other like a fairy tale .
tr	6	""" Then perhaps the key isn 't the deceased , "" Ethan said , "" but the missing . """
tr	6	""" Come any closer , "" the faery said , "" and he gets it . """
tr	7	""" Aw hell , I had my mind all set on a nap . """
tr	9	The colour had faded in most of them .
tr	10	"Didn 't quite go the way I had hoped . """
tr	9	"If you cannot ... I shudder to think of the consequences . """
tr	10	Then he can begin to work through it .
tr	11	"Make sure it 's what you really want . """
tr	6	Peyton hadn 't kidnapped Aimee .
tr	6	The cold metal shocked the skin on my stomach .
tr	7	The army wives just wouldn 't accept her but she developed her own life .
tr	9	""" Yes , it is a strange business , as I said , and a dangerous one ."
tr	7	Except they 're not that old yet .
tr	9	He was nearly exhausted , running for long stretches at a time .
tr	7	A large king-sized bed was pushed up against the far wall .
tr	7	Heat washed over me as his kiss deepened .
tr	7	The last object was quite a bit larger and not nearly so flat .
tr	11	""" Ok , but just to let you know , reds not my color ."
tr	6	""" Who was on the other horse ? """
tr	9	"He takes it off our hands for a fair price , no questions asked . """
tr	10	""" Do you want her to be ? """
tr	10	My fingers curled into a ball , and I remembered the look on his face , his out of control behavior .
tr	11	You know what is going to happen .
tr	7	Dad , you were wonderful , and I thank you for your example .
tr	7	I attend the dojo three times a week and enter into combat .
tr	8	I 've never flown so fast and it all looks so slow from up here .
tr	11	For the first time , from when I came in Greece , I wanted to make Laurence a visit .
tr	11	""" Besides , I might still be able to reason with Jake . """
tr	6	Even the only woman standing nearby did the same thing and entered a tepee .
tr	9	He was different , and I wanted no part of him or their plot .
tr	7	Something about little Pedro 's sister is of interest to the captain .
tr	11	"Are you going to kill him ? """
tr	7	Possibly involving guns or daggers or throwing stars , or her bare hands .
tr	8	History is doomed to repeat .
tr	7	He rarely traveled long distances and , when he did , he invariably remained awake for the entire duration .
tr	6	When it hit , a great ball of flame leaped up from a forested region close to the Tunguska River .
tr	10	""" It sure would be hard to misplace that thing ! """
tr	6	I kicked the guy in the shins .
tr	10	They could not help but miss Wolf Eyes when they went on this hunt .
tr	11	""" And we already have all the qualifications we 'll need for that . """
tr	10	""" Do you mind if I take a look ? """
tr	8	She looks a little like my freshmen roommate .
tr	8	He approached as near to the edge of the friendly perimeter as he dared .
tr	8	He never seemed to get lost .
tr	9	""" The children run rampant because they are starved ."
tr	8	That was all the answer she needed .
tr	9	Andy fell to his knees as a wave of nausea rushed over him .
tr	9	"Once the Highlanders have control of it , the two of you will oversee Intelligence gathering . """
tr	6	The familiar weight of responsibility again fell heavily upon him .
tr	7	Balancing on one foot , he pulled off first one boot , then the other .
tr	8	' Judging from your expression , I take it that 's a bad thing ? '
tr	7	These guys know the right people and could definitely buy their way in .
tr	5	"Did Mommy and Daddy drive a car ? """
tr	9	I reached for the bottle of bourbon and poured another measure into my mug .
tr	8	If the mob had killed the king , who might be next ?
tr	9	Alexia who lives in town .
tr	8	She could hear a lot of noise in the background .
tr	9	"She lifted her new dress up to her shoulders , "" Can 't you see it ? """
tr	7	The minister looked worried but also nonplussed .
tr	11	Her garb was similar to his , except that she wore a broad leather belt instead of a girdle .
tr	6	Before long , Chris felt Sarah 's hand in his .
tr	5	' Hey , by the way , my mom 's a drug dealer . '
tr	8	"I 'll be right down , "" Aries said , rising from his seat ."
tr	11	""" I think we need to go home ."
tr	5	She is more beautiful up close .
tr	10	"Don 't do anything you may regret . """
tr	6	The fifth man was Lewis Todd , and his expression was furious .
tr	10	Who could have seen that coming ?
tr	8	""" Sure thing , what 's up ? """
tr	9	""" Oh yes , there 's always an inquiry when a Catastrophe happens "" Trudy said ."
tr	7	"The boy stopped by , raising a quizzical brow and inquired , "" What ? """
tr	8	""" I have seen your faces before this night , I think . """
tr	7	"I misused your honor the other night , and I beg your forgiveness , "" the boy finished with a bow ."
tr	7	""" I don 't like hittin ' ... , "" Riordan said , pushing forward ."
tr	8	Almost on its own , her hand drifted out to touch it .
tr	10	""" I 'm so going to die of boredom . """
tr	10	But they needed horses to escape and they did not have coin to buy them .
tr	7	""" They marched me into this cell and locked the door behind me . """
tr	6	Too many people and not enough hunting ground .
tr	7	The thought of her unchained sent a chill down his spine , but he forced himself to sneer at her .
tr	6	The crowd suddenly gasped and broke into wild applause .
tr	9	What if she were horrified by the action ?
tr	6	Gabe shrugs and puts his laptop on the desk .
tr	5	""" No , I 'm not , "" I say too fast ."
tr	9	It was the home village of Wolf Eyes , from where the braves had come .
tr	8	He started crying after that .
tr	10	She dropped her fork , which clattered on the table .
tr	10	He is gasping for breath , trying to hide it .
tr	11	""" Do ... do you want to go back ? """
tr	8	""" Well , he was born all those other Christmases , too , "" he said ."
tr	6	""" Em , Leonard , "" awkwardly started Peter , "" that sure was embarrassing . """
tr	7	"Some nights he wouldn 't come to bed until two or three in the morning . """
tr	9	It was a pathetic defence , but she didn 't seem to notice .
tr	6	A chicken pecked at the ground .
tr	9	Gan woke them and explained what was happening .
tr	8	I recovered fully and the governor of the fort sent a few men with me to help .
tr	9	Troops were added , and drone patrols were stepped up , both to no avail .
tr	6	Even in a faded sweatshirt and jeans , she was alluring , arousing , every curve still very evident .
tr	11	It felt as if he were branding her with every touch and every kiss .
tr	10	""" You 're probably thirsty , "" she said as she handed him a cup of water with a flexible straw ."
tr	8	She found some gloves and removed the vial of blood from the metal canister .
tr	7	""" So what 's your plan , son , "" he asked ."
tr	11	He wouldn 't have come here if it hadn 't been necessary .
tr	6	""" Come on , John , be serious , "" Bradley interrupted ."
tr	11	It was like he just had to have her .
tr	6	All the rooms but one were filled this evening .
tr	6	""" The time machine the map leads to , "" Alex revealed ."
tr	8	He screwed the cap back on and stuffed the bottle between his thighs .
tr	8	Harold obviously expected Nathan to break the silence .
tr	9	Suddenly the situation was much clearer , they used a typical tactic of deception to fool honest men into rebels .
tr	6	""" Just the three , "" he whispered , "" The others take recreation within the great hall . """
tr	11	He blew on his hands , rubbing them together as he shed his cloak .
tr	9	""" Power to the building will be cut in two minutes , "" A female voice stated ."
tr	7	This was far higher than the lower space orbit area used by most craft like the International Space Station .
tr	7	Mana 's voice cut into the melee coolly , and everyone stopped talking .
tr	11	At night he would cover us with huge leaves just to keep us comfortable and dry .
tr	5	This time Taylor 's promise came true .
tr	5	Walls and corridors , cold , dark , moldy , and just downright icky .
tr	6	The beggars and widows in the streets became different , more important .
tr	6	Quickly the soldiers part to the side reveling the King walking towards them with his personal body guard .
tr	9	Noah felt his adrenalin surge as he beat back the rear approach by the large one-eyed Lizard .
tr	5	""" Stewart ... "" The circus foreman held a second match aloft ."
tr	8	If a band generates enough buzz through gigs , labels wake up and chase them for demos .
tr	6	""" Start with the first day you met William and end with you in this cell . """
tr	6	' Detective Chief Inspector Brian Reynolds of Scotland Yard , ' the newsreader continued , ' gave this statement . '
tr	5	""" Not an option . """
tr	8	I could hear Atticus 's jaw hit the ground .
tr	8	""" This is nowhere close to the impact or even the secondaries that we saw ."
tr	8	Lance turns , flaps his wings and soars away from the station .
tr	8	My return would be accompanied by fame and fortune .
tr	5	So we , the Protestant business community , supported wholeheartedly the Volunteers .
tr	7	He acted more like a teenager than we did .
tr	9	To anyone who would listen .
tr	8	""" Try avoiding it , "" Chase warned , blocking each silky , white thread with his deterring spell ."
tr	9	Hailey did laugh then , and it was clear to Mariposa that Hailey understood the joke the first time .
tr	11	"Do you know what they are ? """
tr	7	In this tent , with him .
tr	7	A confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
tr	7	The bigger of the two angles pulls open the door of the barn .
tr	8	"Some of these "" valuables "" were , in fact , worthless ."
tr	10	Tucked under the same arm was another object that looked like a black board .
tr	8	George had been quiet up to this point .
tr	8	He tangled his hand into her hair , bringing her head down , and then kissed her with a burning passion .
tr	8	The shock jolted us all forward and buckled the hood of the Skoda .
tr	8	"Before Snow Job could respond , both Blizzard and Frostbite responded in unison , "" No . """
tr	11	"I will bid him farewell for all of us . """
tr	9	Sofia bent to sit on the magical chair .
tr	8	The nurse dropped down onto her haunches and looked into Claire 's face .
tr	8	Danny let him continue his work .
tr	7	... No , commercial flights are out of the question .
tr	8	England should 've seen it coming .
tr	6	""" She is on the other ship ! """
tr	5	"It is very simple really . """
tr	11	Fuchs ordered us to make him as comfortable as possible .
tr	7	On a cloudy night without the moon , you wouldn 't even see your own hand .
tr	11	Jimmy nodded affirmatively as Mark started walking over toward Cletus and Pete .
tr	11	Now you know how it is to be banished .
tr	6	Dwarves were formidable warriors , even a weak dwarf was three times as strong as a powerful man .
tr	7	It looked like someone 's pet .
tr	7	She stopped pouring the water , nearly dropping the bottle again .
tr	11	' What if she said she 'd wanted help ? '
tr	9	""" Jiri , you lie down and keep an eye on that link in the rock ."
tr	9	I 'm glad you like it .
tr	5	"In the long term , it 's probably the same thing . """
tr	8	""" Wait , what scared Mrs. Claus ? """
tr	7	""" We found one of his labs awhile back ."
tr	6	The kiss was light and languid ; we felt each other , we absorbed each other , we learned each other .
tr	9	The traitor may not have been what she seemed .
tr	7	Any retaliation by rebel forces would start with them .
tr	6	The others , his oldest sister , her husband , and son were in the trees .
tr	9	His face looked like Davey Jones jumbled with Rob Zombie .
tr	6	""" A few scratches , but I am fine . """
tr	8	As the pair 's hands made it over the rail , they were assisted onto the deck by several men .
tr	8	But then they were confronted with new misfortunes : quickly and unexpectedly father literally died in Mama 's arms .
tr	7	""" Your costume , "" he said , holding out the ragged heap ."
tr	6	' Of course , ' she said , ' you 're right . '
tr	6	I was still nowhere near grasping the possible answers .
tr	7	""" On behalf of the group , as its appointed representative , I accept these conditions of entry . """
tr	11	""" I did what I thought was best ."
tr	10	He was worried I had ruined her .
tr	7	Acknowledgments To all my friends who helped make this possible .
tr	6	""" Wait up , John , "" she called ."
tr	7	""" Whoa , you 're a heavy sleeper , Dad ."
tr	7	It 's not a good thing , though , you know ?
tr	7	I grabbed the weapon and tossed it to Reid .
tr	11	He pushed back from the computer , unsure what to make of the whole thing .
tr	10	That 's what made me curious .
tr	7	The threatening clouds had finally released their waters the moment they had stepped back on deck .
tr	7	""" Speaking of which , how about our new fairy friend here ? """
tr	8	She set the dog on my lap and sat across the room in the chair and crossed her arms .
tr	9	A mammoth , hollow tree trunk serves as a hallway of sorts , its moss covered bark glistening in the moonlight .
tr	6	With that little joke her lightheartedness was back in full bloom .
tr	9	Plenty of time to fight this old battle later , his expression said .
tr	8	A few of the braves started beating on the drums .
tr	5	""" Surely , you 're joking ? """
tr	9	There I will put you on a ship to the Brethren .
tr	7	The dot moved from side to side , ' no ' .
tr	9	""" There 's nothing to like or not like ."
tr	8	In his voice , I could easily discern a trace of regret .
tr	9	"But , "" she added , raising one finger , "" it will be someone strict ."
tr	11	He looked to see if Robyn had gone .
tr	6	He released the breaks and the plane slowly moved off its parking position .
tr	5	""" Oh , you 're dirty ."
tr	9	Was the guy never going to let it go ?
tr	11	That was easier said than done .
tr	10	He paused when he caught sight of Godard .
tr	11	He felt certain now that a conflict was coming , and he wanted to be ready when it did .
tr	9	I 'm ready to rock now . '
tr	7	"By the second day they had me declared dead . """
tr	8	"She 's been straining against the cuffs . """
tr	7	' Don 't mention it , ' grumbled the Bastian noble .
tr	9	"Not only did you fail there but you did here too . """
tr	10	It took most of the tube of mints to mask the petrochemical taste filling my mouth .
tr	9	She could cause all kind of damage to the cause of Allah .
tr	7	""" Because , "" I replied , "" our father was one of the soldiers . """
tr	8	Sofia hurriedly went near him for assistance and took hold of his shoulder .
tr	6	""" I don 't understand -- "" the man started , flustered ."
tr	7	"Do whatever you like ! """
tr	7	The report echoed through the carriage , and the acrid stench of gunpowder settled around us .
tr	9	""" I will be your chamber boy for the duration of the trip ."
tr	11	said Michael politely trying to keep the conversation going .
tr	10	That is what he would find on the mountain .
tr	11	I would guess there are probably 700 vials in here right now .
tr	7	Byrnes regarded him for a moment , and then pointed to the chair by the door .
tr	8	We still fight over trinkets ; they 've just gotten more valuable .
tr	7	she replied and drew huge arrows on the walls .
tr	9	Just before morning Ben lost the struggle to stay awake and finally dropped off to sleep .
tr	9	William and Ben were eyeing each other , a decision being made .
tr	10	We rose to our feet and shot the four Hunters several feet ahead before they could sense our presence .
tr	10	As if in response , there was a resounding crash , and the wall of a nearby house exploded outward .
tr	9	""" It would easier to prove to them that you 're not a camel ."
tr	8	"Well , I guess that you got me ! """
tr	8	But something tells me that Abby likes extreme sports .
tr	10	""" Won 't that stop us from leaving ? """
tr	8	The trip to the path was a short one , taking two to three minutes .
tr	8	""" He can 't have forgotten them all ."
tr	10	I think I 'm booked for the next year already .
tr	5	Aunt Libby ' s fifteen-year-old navy blue Schwinn was no sexy Harley Night Rod .
tr	11	"The free men and women of the Empire think they are actually in control of their lives . """
tr	7	Each warrior was fully armed with war clubs , spears , bows and arrows .
tr	11	""" What I will about to tell you , will be our little secret , ok ? """
tr	10	She spoke with Andre in Russian and didn 't seem to trust Andre .
tr	8	Connor humbly lifted his staff above his head saluting the crowd and walked back to the trainers ' area .
tr	8	The troops paused as they reached the stairs .
tr	8	They came to the banks of the river to find neither bridge nor boat .
tr	10	Sweat dripped down his face and mixed with the frosting stuck in every crevice .
tr	11	I want to explain what happened that day .
tr	9	"The boss darkly muttered : "" This is all the work of that scoundrel . """
tr	8	And then there 's Lance , he thought as he pulled the trigger twice .
tr	7	"Instead , he summoned a guard and ordered her arrested for stealing . """
tr	11	' Have there been any -- unusual incidents in the city of late ? '
tr	10	What view Abbey was seeing today ?
tr	11	""" OK ... everything we 're going to need is in place ."
tr	9	She never thought that guy had a younger sister as attractive as him .
tr	6	Across his legs lay a great piece of the column , pinning him down .
tr	7	As they enjoyed the triple chocolate cake , VIN watched Maggie think .
tr	10	""" But there is something I must do first . """
tr	10	Rafe had a sudden suspicion that they were no longer talking of the same thing .
tr	11	' The Tamer ' he was called on the streets .
tr	9	' We 're here , ' I said quietly towards the microphone pinned to my Kevlar vest .
tr	7	""" What happened to him ? """
tr	6	We wandered through that wilderness in a daze .
tr	9	""" And how do you know this one isn 't military ? """
tr	6	""" Lay your rifle down , Mr. Gage , "" Harrison commanded ."
tr	10	She was so glad they hadn 't found Noah .
tr	7	And from it emerge a mass of land , forming a bridge leading to the other brink .
tr	10	Mia didn 't know what to do right now .
tr	9	He stumbled forwards and turned to face her .
tr	6	He still wore his pants and shoes , and dark hair still covered his head .
tr	8	Ducking low , Chris crawled up there to join him , lying down next to the man .
tr	5	""" Elle , get out , right now . """
tr	8	Congratulations on making me look like a pilgrim with a psychotic barber .
tr	10	I should have predicted he 'd show .
tr	10	yelled Boris feeling himself close to passing out .
tr	9	I stepped down from the forklift and walked through the lake of vodka .
tr	9	Mason 's girth made it a tight fit in his chair , and he grumbled as he squeezed himself in .
tr	7	She pulled the sun visor down and a pair of keys dropped into her lap .
tr	6	""" Fire away metal dude , "" Sykes replies with a laugh ."
tr	8	Six more men suddenly appeared out of the darkened forest , dripping water from their hair and sleeves .
tr	5	' No , you can 't , ' snapped the Dean .
tr	8	A woman looked up , eyebrow cocked in quizzical challenge , and Neela giggled .
tr	8	"So what do you say ? """
tr	11	Toby stood , holding his finger to his lips , motioning to be quiet .
tr	10	The wound healed but for a long time afterwards Nina wondered what exactly had frightened the dog off ?
tr	9	I can only see the back of his head , but I imagine his face is grim and determined .
tr	6	A second later , footsteps thundered past the bushes .
tr	8	""" Get the file on Downer and talk to the wife , "" he said ."
tr	8	""" Eddie , how are you ? """
tr	8	""" You just have to convince them . """
tr	10	""" Good ... "" She couldn 't help but notice the note of relief in his voice ."
tr	8	""" It could have been true , but that 's not what happened . """
tr	9	A little thick but on the green ... ... ... .
tr	10	He blinked hard and tried to push it away with a brief chuckle .
tr	9	She stood close to the driver 's side door of the beat up Audi .
tr	6	The roaring dragons of the distant forest were like a dim dream .
tr	10	""" Did you just say what I think you said ? """
tr	10	It would take months to do the same thing with the commander .
tr	9	""" This might come as a shock , but I 'm one of the Goddesses responsible for this world ."
tr	9	VIN used a lot of brakes to slow down and then turned the car left .
tr	7	Without even thanking her , he tore into the food , and drank heavily from the skin .
tr	9	Aimee opened her mouth to speak but a gunshot rang out , echoing in the small chamber .
tr	9	Mai calls just as one of the foes dashes into a roundhouse kick .
tr	6	He clapped his hands together in appreciation .
tr	11	She scrambled away but he grabbed her leg , bringing her closer to the edge .
tr	7	"You two old mates ? """
tr	11	She rolls onto her stomach and spits blood from her mouth , tears streaming down her face .
tr	7	' To save Friedrich , ' Bruno replied bitterly .
tr	5	And now he couldn 't see .
tr	6	""" Takes after his father , "" I told George , and he puffed his chest up ."
tr	9	Her dress was the colour of primroses , soft and pretty , ridiculous in the depths of winter .
tr	7	""" Sir , the meeting with the Pakistani ambassador is at nine . """
tr	10	Losing a beloved husband to illness , then being left to fight the relatives .
tr	9	""" No , the priest has very few guards who are not poisoned , wounded or dead ."
tr	9	What am I doing , feeling sorry for myself when my sister has cancer .
tr	10	""" I 've waited so long for you to return ! """
tr	7	Now , he stroked her with his right hand and sensed her hair beneath his fingers .
tr	6	Monster Maya smiles for the first time .
tr	7	Here is where your pledge ends .
tr	7	He returns to the car , removes his protective gear , and gets in the back seat .
tr	8	The bruised caused by his stupidity had been gone but the cut on his palm was still there .
tr	8	It gurgled in the gutters and storm drains off the main avenue behind me .
tr	11	"I 've been trying to get out for centuries . """
tr	7	""" Riki -- I 'll be back !"
tr	11	He stepped over the glass that crunched beneath his boots .
tr	9	But what if he 's denied the opportunity ?
tr	6	""" All right , chica , listen up , we got some info on your opponent ."
tr	10	""" I 'm not taking sides , I 'm ... "" "" No !"
tr	9	""" How much do we know about the security status in Sector XXI ? """
tr	9	Until he starts to play .
tr	6	The life expectancies of the gods are very long but yet finite like ours .
tr	8	She was beautiful , face upturned , lips parted .
tr	9	There was a deadbolt mounted in the door and it was locked .
tr	9	' Yeah me too -- like I 'd be a five minute ego boost .
tr	11	I sensed he wanted to rush me .
tr	7	Aria asks rubbing her face .
tr	11	""" You can tell us what happened you know ."
tr	6	He talked about his lovely sister so often .
tr	7	In slightly less than four hours , they arrived tired , foot sore , blistered , and thirsty .
tr	6	Chapter 18 Three Magical Creatures Echo and Shimmer stood simultaneously , their senses alert .
tr	7	He took out his new Jackson Arms revolver , gave it an affectionate pat , and returned it to his waistband .
tr	9	""" What 's it gon na be hero ?"
tr	7	"Grab your shoes and let 's go . """
tr	11	He had to learn to channel his anger .
tr	7	Alejo scrunched up his face , surprised by the thought .
tr	10	Byron extended his hand to help her to her feet .
tr	5	""" What is school ? """
tr	9	""" They probably already know you are in France ."
tr	8	As the hawk screeched in the morning mist he caught scent of an enemy .
tr	7	""" They don 't want to excel ."
tr	5	""" Here you are , "" she said ."
tr	6	""" Ashley , this is Gansey , "" Declan said , in his pleasant , neutral voice ."
tr	10	It was as if someone had left the room and flicked a switch .
tr	10	Had to squash that thought .
tr	11	Josh wasn 't about to come to Picton with her or travel around the South Island .
tr	6	So , with her father 's approval she wore a simple blue and white , ankle length dress .
tr	7	A silent figure of stone with one boot and black , cargo pocket pants .
tr	10	He 'd already drawn his blade , and light danced on the honed saber as Logan approached our host .
tr	6	The blares of car horns carried on the wind from the distant toll bridge .
tr	7	The moment Cobb raised it to his mouth , Chris recognized it as the stem from a pipe .
tr	6	""" But we need you here , "" said Ellen , her voice cracking a bit ."
tr	11	""" Let 's hope this is good news . """
tr	10	""" Well what are you waiting for ? """
tr	7	All the Scout infantry will cover you with bow and arrow .
tr	8	I bring my knees to my chest , loop my arms over them .
tr	11	Was there a gaping hole in his side , a permanent wound that would not close ?
tr	7	The other Hunter was back on his feet , gun in hand .
tr	8	Nathan glared at the map and list of figures on the chalkboard .
tr	10	""" Are you sure your friends will be all right ? """
tr	7	A tree was growing between them now .
tr	5	With marble , the smaller and rounder rocks were often the big sellers .
tr	7	""" Excuse me a moment , I 've been expecting this call . """
tr	5	With this creature , only a cold , unyielding blackness met his probing touch .
tr	9	""" There was a barrier that protects the castle . """
tr	7	You were five feet from him .
tr	10	The stop though brief was well needed as their spirits lifted enough to bring their heads up .
tr	10	We had nothing to do with this .
tr	9	Or imagines the daughter the two of them might have had .
tr	11	"Taylor asked while turning to another page , "" I saw a signature L. F. on many of them ."
tr	9	He pulled into the lot in front of the airport and glanced around .
tr	7	Chapter Eleven Getting a lift to the museum proved easier than expected .
tr	9	' They didn 't find any bodies in the Hummer or at the canal , ' Reid replied .
tr	11	I felt her light and the rage soothed to something I could control .
tr	5	He laughed , another real laugh , and my heart skipped a beat .
tr	7	With a sparkle in his eye Raphael said , ' She sounds alright to me . '
tr	8	I settled back in my seat and carried on waiting .
tr	8	""" Write your name , address and date of birth on ' ere , "" he said ."
tr	8	' I just wanted to say hello . '
tr	7	Yet here he stood , not a wrinkle on him .
tr	10	I should stage another mention of Sarina 's care and keeping for their benefit .
tr	7	""" Uh , nothing , nothing at all , I was just ... looking around , that 's all . """
tr	7	""" Damn Le , you 're like a ninja or something , "" Trae replied ."
tr	7	""" Oh no , oh no . """
tr	8	That ought to stop the boys .
tr	10	This place felt uncomfortable , like creatures watched me from beyond and I was grateful to leave .
tr	9	He kept everything locked up so tight ; it pained me to watch him sometimes .
tr	9	Because I forget what my father looked like .
tr	6	""" Actually , away from the mountains is probably the right direction . """
tr	8	"Brazen smiled , "" I can probably use a good second ."
tr	6	Thankfully , exhaustion overcame grief quickly , and her breathing became slow and even .
tr	11	Something started to glow up in front of me .
tr	8	""" Oh , "" she paused , "" well , anything else to see here ?"
tr	10	"Sky should know her sister , particularly -- "" She stopped , unable to continue ."
tr	8	That 's all they want .
tr	8	That morning I woke to a noise near my head .
tr	7	' This was a couple of years before the car crash , five years this past January . '
tr	9	He reached them just before the first round struck on the distant bunker .
tr	7	Our sheer numbers made the voyage dangerous , but we 'd been fortunate .
tr	11	"I myself have never seen him change in the years the quest has been in my charge . """
tr	6	""" Where 's the big red and white car ? """
tr	10	He handed the trap to Steve then looked down at the little girl and the coyote .
tr	7	Without a word VIN wrote out the check and gave it to the man .
tr	10	He seemed just as interested in following the shifting , changing flames as he did in the Prince 's answer .
tr	7	The next two shots echoed loudly around the range .
tr	10	Outside her room the upstairs hallway formed a balcony which overlooked the entryway , kitchen , and dining room .
tr	11	How did he managed to slip into my trail and hid his presence for years ?
tr	5	""" We can 't , "" explained Nathan ."
tr	6	We only left Prague a few hours ago . '
tr	9	Alexa licked her lips but her tongue was dry and coated with white .
tr	7	Elodie cautiously opened the toilet door and dropped the phone into the waste bin beneath the hand driers .
tr	7	Frey ran his coarse woodsman 's fingers across Kai 's arms .
tr	5	She looked up and down the road .
tr	5	In the relative quiet , the birds take back the woods .
tr	8	Maggie asked , looking over at Penny .
tr	10	Mac couldn 't believe what was going on .
tr	8	""" Things were different now , since the day I left the Academy . """
tr	9	The whole situation seems to be tearing him apart .
tr	8	Zoe opened both of her eyes wide and puffed out her cheeks , eventually breaking into a smile .
tr	6	After a few unimpressive runs he tucked his nose inside his T-shirt .
tr	8	Kaylie slumped down on the toilet seat , sniffling , crossing her arms over her chest .
tr	11	Miss Julie was slow to turn and crawl back inside the nest .
tr	9	A moment later , David saw the worried expression leave the old man 's face .
tr	8	I just about lost my breath when he said that .
tr	7	""" No , Hbert , "" Quack quietly considered the skinny specimen , "" it 's not his fault ."
tr	10	This world was unfamiliar to me , a world of government secrets , deadly weapons , and new civilisations .
tr	8	People were eating with their families or enjoying a respite from the summer sun .
tr	6	""" I turned them out , "" he said ."
tr	5	""" This one still remains , "" answered the bandit leader ."
tr	10	"And then we 'll show the world what plundering means ! """
tr	10	Bethany was stunned and didn 't at first understand what had happened .
tr	9	Somehow the man slipped through the night and crossed , as His Majesty 's spies reported , into Austria .
tr	11	""" He jumped me while I tried to get the other rider ."
tr	9	"To put to death the idea of marriage and living happily ever after . """
tr	10	I wasn 't in the mood to play along .
tr	6	announced the florid , vaguely gelatinous man with the broken microphone .
tr	9	"The rehearsals are fun , but a girl can only be Puck for so long . """
tr	10	""" I 'm going to make bread tomorrow , "" Sarah said ."
tr	11	""" It 's not bad , really , but I 'm not sure you can all make it ."
tr	10	Jacob drained his glass quickly and rose to pour them both another .
tr	11	The hospitals are full and authorities urge people to stay where they are .
tr	11	"Was that supposed to be a compliment ? """
tr	6	"With his voice low and thick , he asked , "" Are you alone ? """
tr	10	She had just as much right to be enraged as I did .
tr	6	Beyond the tactical military side , the mission of a central security service becomes more complicated .
tr	11	""" Tell me , boy , what has happened to Sven . """
tr	6	""" Since you feel unwell and ate so little . """
tr	11	""" It will be great to get into that school ."
tr	9	I lay them aside , careful to avoid the black carpet stain .
tr	8	The old door grinds open slowly , and a dim light is cast into the bleak setting .
tr	5	In the next second , something crackled and the lights went out .
tr	5	""" I got your six boss . """
tr	8	There was a shocked moment of silence and then the gags and bonds were cut and the two Rogues freed .
tr	7	"You know ... a kind of payback after the argument , "" explained Mark ."
tr	5	"To Matthew , Bax said , "" Told you . """
tr	8	""" To save us from ourselves , "" Gabe shrugs ."
tr	6	Later , back from an extra shift Katherine dialled her grandparents ' .
tr	5	""" The ghost is a myth . """
tr	7	Surely the HS wasn 't reading Latin poetry in his spare time .
tr	6	Finan 's eyes widened in horror .
tr	8	Either way , it was better than being mowed over by that monster .
tr	10	"Boston used to make those things by the ... boatload . """
tr	8	Gabe moves on to pushups , executes twenty , thirty , forty with ease .
tr	8	She could feel him move closer .
tr	7	After a few more bumps , Miriam sat up and rubbed her eyes with one hand .
tr	9	He stood there , shaking , as the twins walked toward him .
tr	11	Michael loved his cousin ; they had been to stay with each other ever since their early childhood .
tr	8	Three skulls surrounded it , peering at Gunnar with hollow eyes .
tr	7	""" You guys didn 't say anything important . """
tr	10	She was just standing in the middle of the sidewalk , presumably waiting for him .
tr	8	""" Really , how old were you ? """
tr	9	He pressed one before the voice could list the other options .
tr	5	""" Aw man , "" Gabe says ."
tr	10	The women chatted getting to know each other .
tr	11	Well , he had to go to work anyway .
tr	6	""" You have such a beautiful neckline , we should show it off . """
tr	9	Everything was happening according to plan ... that favors her .
tr	8	"That 's where you found me . """
tr	8	""" Come on , "" she said , the barest hint of softness creeping into her voice ."
tr	6	But at that moment , a little higher in the leaves , there was movement .
tr	11	' Not really , ' I murmured , my fingers sliding over the reassuring weights of the blades at my waist .
tr	6	The mixture of white wine , burger , fries and banana milkshake had Theo 's taste buds all over the place .
tr	5	On a good day the round trip takes a full four hours .
tr	10	It 's kind of cool , stuff like that .
tr	6	Without album two there 's no tour investment and no point anyway . '
tr	9	Hai Hai 's whiskers twitched as she scooped coins from the table into her purse .
tr	9	I stepped forward , taking the ceremonial place of a second .
tr	8	Its rear doors were open , and a couple of college kids were carrying in merchandise .
tr	11	"You 're an idiot to do this to us , you know that , che ? """
tr	5	From that moment the ' friend ' never appeared again .
tr	6	""" Wouldn 't they have called off his visit ? """
tr	8	She needed someone to hold on to .
tr	10	The sound more than anything startled her horse , who shied violently , nearly unseating her .
tr	6	"' Dancing in the firelight ... ' "" The rat stared out at the glowing volcano ."
tr	9	Austin was our resident expert on the types and colors of droppings .
tr	9	It just seems ... . .
tr	10	He asks , spotting a low hanging vine on this side of the gorge .
tr	7	Driving out to Eaton Bishop they discussed the case in hand .
tr	7	In the middle of the jungle .
tr	6	""" And now I give you , "" Nick announces , "" our grand lady , Marie Mallon ! """
tr	6	""" You just get back from the war ? """
tr	8	"That little dress or shirt she had on was awfully tattered and dirty . """
tr	10	Let 's list these ideas and see what comes of them . '
tr	7	""" When I left the Fortress , I was detected and followed ."
tr	9	She had the same smile as Kevin and stood up to greet them .
tr	11	We are to move off the road about a mile west then we are to turn south parallel to the road .
tr	8	Dark eyes regarded him frankly , but they were far from readable .
tr	10	He then noticed a man of European appearance slowly walking towards them .
tr	6	""" It 's well past time , "" he said ."
tr	9	""" Welcome to the Ares , "" he said expansively as the two inner doors swung out of their way ."
tr	6	John never took his eyes off his mother .
tr	7	As if reading my thoughts , the old man bows his head in supplication .
tr	7	Josie asked , ignoring Jimmy .
tr	11	But he always found a way to make my confessions seem foolish .
tr	8	Claire shook her head and swallowed the lump in her throat .
tr	8	""" You 've been drinking again , Mr. Jones ? """
tr	6	Dr. Morgan looked on in total fascination .
tr	7	Without hesitating , she turned the handle and peered into the room .
tr	8	When she came to the port side , she noticed a figure in the shadows .
tr	8	""" The crystal has power untold when in connection with the cane ."
tr	11	Eda groaned , snuggling her head further down in to the warmth of her cloak .
tr	8	Before Michael could even reply the housekeeper had barged her way into the room .
tr	11	His mind raced , trying to find a new plan , but hers was the best .
tr	7	""" Exit this way , you lot , "" he said to Blue Eyes and the prisoners ."
tr	7	""" Yes , dear , I will bring the coins to you in a moment . """
tr	7	He turned his face towards him through the open front passenger door window and smiled nervously .
tr	7	But if I am not dead , that makes sense .
tr	5	""" No , there are not , "" Odysseus broke in ."
tr	8	Look what you 've done .
tr	10	The Prince peered closely and saw the blade was sharp - not a practice sword at all .
tr	7	""" That there is at least some truth to your dime novel exploits , of course . """
tr	9	The words came out louder than I 'd meant , but I couldn 't take it anymore .
tr	6	Logo , map , and book design by J. A. Johnson , Jr. .
tr	7	"No telling what they 'll do . """
tr	8	I asked and the water comes fresh from the lake .
tr	10	He reached up to his earpiece to signal the Colonel .
tr	6	""" Yeah , "" he said in a hoarse whisper ."
tr	11	He seems to be getting better , thank God .
tr	11	"Ye can try it out on that machine you bought for him . """
tr	9	"-- what 's that ? """
tr	10	I think you need to rest .
tr	9	She wasn 't sure exactly when her confidence had eroded and then left her altogether .
tr	10	Time is , after all , reported to be a healer , and in time , I hoped to be healed .
tr	8	""" I 'll be fine , "" she said , and one corner of her mouth lifted in a smile ."
tr	6	It all added up to the same thing .
tr	9	I demanded as I pointed fiercely at Mr. No Name .
tr	10	He 'd added some bricks with holes clear through them so little Lizards could run in and out .
tr	8	The big man grabbed the Prince by the arm and pulled the soldier 's notched sword out of his grip .
tr	11	"Do you want to feel ? """
tr	6	I unwrapped it and smelled the milk chocolate .
tr	6	"And when he smirked , she quickly added , "" He has a use . """
tr	10	His lips were stretched and even underneath the tanned skin Pierre could see his friend was pale .
tr	9	""" Almighty God willing , someday perhaps your soul will be as disciplined as your sword arm ! """
tr	7	""" That is our name for it ."
tr	9	"What 's to figure out ? """
tr	7	In fact , there weren 't many signs of anything at all , and hadn 't been in a few weeks .
tr	11	The suite was cold with a tinge of damp in the air .
tr	7	' Yup , a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . '
tr	8	What 's more , the monks raised our petitions in prayer , and I felt deeply reassured at their religious intercession .
tr	9	That was going to be tricky .
tr	11	Cassie knew there had to be more .
tr	10	Have a pull if you don 't believe me . '
tr	10	He noticed how flushed she was .
tr	5	"You , my dear , are totally wasted . """
tr	10	There was murmuring while everyone stared at me .
tr	9	""" And this is just to help you with your studies ? """
tr	8	I glanced at the rear view mirror at the sound of an explosion .
tr	7	A shadow moved on his right , but Rylan didn 't look up .
tr	8	What 's more is that he runs a school .
tr	8	And if it was good enough for Einstein , it was good enough for Chris .
tr	11	It was strange to see her like this , so broken .
tr	8	The outer layer took most of the wear and tear and was easily replaced .
tr	11	Everybody nodded , shocked at what they were learning .
tr	7	Freezing spray drenched her and the roar of the rushing water rang through her head .
tr	5	""" And who am I addressing ? """
tr	6	""" Wow , I 'm really sorry about that whole thing back on the beach ? """
tr	9	It burned with the fury of a thousand furnaces inside , a stark contrast to Mal .
tr	8	Well , DNA is at the heart of my request .
tr	6	""" We cannot leave her here ."
tr	11	Epilogue I 'm on the roof of the motel , though I can 't remember leaving the room .
tr	7	He glanced back toward the empty torch holder , but another flaming torch was burning there .
tr	10	"Do you need help out ? """
tr	11	"Wake me if anything goes wrong or falls outside of these parameters . """
tr	7	I could hear tension , not fear , in his voice .
tr	5	""" So what 's the verdict ? """
tr	8	No man could ever see into my heart and so they will never know my true intentions .
tr	11	"SWEAT hero shouted back : "" We will soon find out what is wrong !"
tr	5	Adele 's voice sounded weary but surprised .
tr	7	There before him , lay the swords of the four kingdoms .
tr	11	""" To your house ? """
tr	10	Mike reached up to the scar on top of his scalp where he had struck a bulkhead .
tr	11	The problem is she is not associated with ' Security Services ' and we have taken this whole mess over .
tr	8	He dragged it into the hollow of the tree .
tr	8	""" You , a daughter of decent birds , were plainly untruthful and lying like a common human politician ."
tr	8	The sound of her gasping breaths echoed in slow motion around the interior of the truck , slow and rasping .
tr	11	Sailors scattered around as they started to do their daily chorus .
tr	7	He winced and fell quiet .
tr	8	""" Aah , "" the brothers said together , and Riki looked up , delighted with herself ."
tr	7	"Sometimes , in our line of work , the lines get a little blurry . """
tr	11	That made Carlos feel like he was quite something .
tr	10	Tears rolled down his cheeks , and he weaved , clutching Jacob for support .
tr	11	"We are all going to miss them so very much , "" Aria states sadly ."
tr	11	"And this morning I talked with your dad about a possible job with Spy Games . """
tr	5	"Still it 's on the up and up . """
tr	10	Claire gave a dry laugh , picturing some of Sky 's more spectacular tantrums .
tr	11	Harriet was sure she 'd heard wrong .
tr	8	It was an unlikely thought , but the strangers were unlikely in all their aspects .
tr	8	"The search and rescue efforts are working from there , and it 's the closest major hospital . """
tr	11	Could any soul be so twisted and false that it would create a such a place ?
tr	8	He found Lilly Ann in shorts and T-shirt gathering the ingredients for a hearty breakfast .
tr	11	You would have to stay at home all day .
tr	6	""" Well , there you go , "" Nate said , his point proven ."
tr	10	One who despised what she was .
tr	9	"Remember what happened to the Kirkham brothers of Hull ? """
tr	5	""" Dad , "" she said again , defiantly ."
tr	9	Sofia blushed seeing how he look .
tr	6	The last words came out as a guilty mumble .
tr	10	I looked up and saw who was dragging me .
tr	8	Her reaction to the missing Trojan had been distinctly different to mine .
tr	6	In her hand , Kaia held a letter , postmarked only two days previous , from the Globe Government Center .
tr	9	She tried to pinch his nose but he caught her hands .
tr	6	""" Though , perhaps it doesn 't matter ."
tr	11	He signaled two of his men to retrieve Rick .
tr	6	"I 'm not losing you now , mister ! """
tr	8	As I expected , a row of light switches were on the wall by my right .
tr	9	Tears began to trickle down her cheeks even as she snarled at her captors .
tr	5	""" The whole thing is a sham ! """
tr	9	""" Oh come on , I 'm not even from this country and I 've heard of Hadrian 's Wall . """
tr	8	Maybe we step outside and get some disease or fill our lungs with nerve gas .
tr	10	That 's all she was to Sharon now .
tr	6	By the time she got downstairs , her grandmother was already on the front porch , shushing the intruders .
tr	9	""" How can such beauty and spirituality exist in such a city as this ? """
tr	11	Babushka also instructed Andre to boil water outside and then to quickly bring it to her .
tr	11	He couldn 't believe what he 'd just said to her .
tr	10	Lord Brogan sat back in his chair , his eyes firmly fixed on his son .
tr	11	"Anyway , what are you going to do about those two ? """
tr	9	"Nor would we force a woman to fight . """
tr	8	His eyes lit like fire and with sudden approval , took a drink .
tr	7	Victor rose and surveyed the shattered ruins of the compound .
tr	9	""" Will King Ine be able to spare you ? """
tr	7	Mana was waiting for her outside the back door .
tr	11	""" Something went wrong , like Daddy said it would , "" Maya states with worry ."
tr	9	How to steal a man 's power , his health , even his knowledge , all by devouring his heart .
tr	8	She turned pale , then left to find the security officer .
tr	7	Months to rebuild , was it ?
tr	11	Hank could hear her arguing with Hawk in the other room .
tr	8	"This vessel was found on PARK SERVICE property , and is therefore the property of the PARK SERVICE . """
tr	6	His bare chest and smoothly muscled shoulders looked very broad and strong and male in the warm afternoon sunlight .
tr	7	If he didn 't , soon the big man would be beyond saving .
tr	7	""" So if I read all these books , I 'll become a genius ? """
tr	7	I started even louder to yell .
tr	8	The hair to the left of the center line was long .
tr	7	As the last word left his lips , the catapulted crate crashed to the floor behind him .
tr	8	""" Typical , "" Sarah said , then watched Chris smile ."
tr	7	""" Thank you , but I can eat myself , "" he pouted ."
tr	9	I heard Lars 's voice , which for my surprise was a lovely one .
tr	10	"Do you know of it ? """
tr	8	With their guns still drawn , they wasted no time in continuing their task .
tr	6	It wasn 't his first patrol , or even his second , still , his hands were sweating .
tr	10	I couldn 't easily forget that I was in my underwear and bra .
tr	8	"But mostly because I bring a message from the place you call the Enemy Mountains . """
tr	11	' Let 's wait and see what Doc finds out . '
tr	11	But first there 's something I have to do .
tr	8	""" No , she ... "" "" THEY ALWAYS FEED ON HUMANS . """
tr	6	""" I struck you that first day , at Split Creek . """
tr	10	I do not feel belittled by this man 's presence the Prince reminded himself .
tr	9	He wondered again about this strange compulsion to spend time at the wreck .
tr	7	She got it from the crew , especially her brothers , all the time .
tr	9	The next day I took a side trip to the medical building to check on Benton .
tr	9	Eduardo confirmed , and Noah sat down on the concrete edge of the fountain , stretching out his legs .
tr	8	What stood between them and success ?
tr	9	Gathering her will she soaks it into her chest until she can hold no more .
tr	10	I heard the crack of the bullet before it hit the ground next to us .
tr	8	"She draws upon her training and hears her instructor 's voice , "" uncertainty has no place in command . """
tr	8	He leaned forward , gasping for air .
tr	6	""" Thank you , "" I say ."
tr	10	The tourists and visitors tended to split evenly between the thrilled and the disappointed .
tr	8	We sat stunned for a couple of seconds .
tr	5	""" But he threatened us earlier . """
tr	9	They passed him without a word but he cantered Rocky the rest of the way home .
tr	6	However , when he called , she didn 't pick up the phone .
tr	5	No carpeting and no rugs , no photos or paintings .
tr	8	But details kept running through his mind anyway , mostly , had he forgotten anything ?
tr	10	Five panels on five sides will be needed to complete the next aluminum cube .
tr	10	He needed to think up a name for his new station .
tr	9	Looking at the specks of dust beneath her feet , she let out another sigh .
tr	9	The king of thieves asks , his gruff voice sounding far from sympathetic .
tr	8	He rolled and escaped a blow aimed directly at his head .
tr	8	""" You caught a fish it seems . """
tr	5	In the control room the bass suddenly sounded wide but nasty .
tr	10	Robbie was making rumblings about returning to Brunei .
tr	5	The square stilled and the leader , for the first time , stirred .
tr	8	""" We 've started moving , "" he reported ."
tr	10	They taste like rust , but I feel a little more human for doing it .
tr	8	Mana turned from the fire with a look of genteel surprise .
tr	7	The doors of the van slammed open and we spilled out onto the asphalt .
tr	9	She grabbed Ted and squeezed him as hard as she could .
tr	7	The floor trembled under our feet , and equipment around the room shuddered .
tr	5	In a sense , a swamp dragon is a living rocket .
tr	8	I was knocked back in the fight , and I lost my gun .
tr	8	It takes about two to three generations for the new genes to have an effect .
tr	8	For a moment , he felt oppressively claustrophobic , coming back into the large , beautiful house .
tr	10	Footsteps approached down the corridor , accompanied by a deep voice murmuring dire consequences .
tr	7	CHAPTER THIRTY The elevator bell sounded and the door opened on the lower level .
tr	11	He had lived in the apartment for a little over two months .
tr	10	That I wasn 't a spy , that I wasn 't a danger to anyone .
tr	7	The hot liquid trailed down my throat and spread its desperately needed warmth through my body .
tr	8	Their collective fates were in his hands as they saw it .
tr	8	"I knew he would come . """
tr	8	""" Let 's go to sleep , we need to get up early tomorrow ."
tr	9	""" He spent most of his time writing a poem . """
tr	7	"As we jumped him he flew away . """
tr	7	On the Infirmary roofs and in its buildings ' windows facing the opening ceremony were positioned Bird 's Snipers .
tr	11	Her face lit like a firework then fell dark as she remembered his behaviour the day before .
tr	8	Great goodness ; she wanted him to explain ?
tr	11	""" Ahhh , don 't be giving me a reason to kill the poor beast . """
tr	8	A gaggle of men exited the back carrying automatic weapons and other fun toys .
tr	8	""" You are a sight for sore eyes , "" said Victoria ."
tr	8	The wall to their left was broken up by a small caf and elevators .
tr	5	""" Pierre , "" Falcon acknowledged him briefly ."
tr	10	Don 't get me wrong , the stuff that was Cobb 's and Cobb 's alone was quite good .
tr	7	We can 't change Martin 's death now .
tr	7	Hilda spoke from across the room .
tr	9	Those wants are superficial though .
tr	11	He would stay still and quiet until they said or did something .
tr	5	""" Her name was Tammy . """
tr	5	No more juries , no more judges , lawyers , or courts .
tr	8	Aimee wanted me to save her grandfather .
tr	9	Well , you can stop stroking your own dick on that count .
tr	9	' Maybe , a third , ' Raphael said looking for Danny 's agreement .
tr	11	""" Not before I have accomplished that which I came for , "" replied Rand firmly ."
tr	10	""" Johnny , do you know what twins are ? """
tr	7	""" Is Anderson for real ? """
tr	6	Two other girls , Laura 's sisters , opened the door for Glock .
tr	6	""" Good , enjoy your day , "" said Red Talon ."
tr	10	""" Is that a radiation detector in the boss 's hand ? """
tr	6	I 'll find the bedroom .
tr	6	' I have an idea , ' I said thoughtfully .
tr	10	There had always been legends of White Wolves talking , but he always assumed they were just that : legends .
tr	8	""" Poop fleas all over the city , no . """
tr	9	It was time to move out .
tr	11	""" It don 't stand out , that 's for sure , "" Gabe says from the front seat ."
tr	8	one of them right on my patch in Hereford .
tr	10	"But if we change coordinates , how do we handle Raymond ? """
tr	6	Then his grief gave way to consuming rage and anger .
tr	10	""" A story , "" the Prince explained , "" I was told when I was growing up ."
tr	9	Camden grimly took in everything Mal said , without any thought of question or dispute .
tr	5	The first , and my least favorite , wait it out .
tr	10	Upstairs they found Amy on Calvin 's double bed revising for her last exams .
tr	10	Afraid of what it would become in her .
tr	8	""" You tried to steal my horses ."
tr	9	"He 's bleeding badly internally , if we don 't get him medical attention quickly he won 't make it . """
tr	7	""" Yes , "" he said "" but is trapped and it only matter of time . """
tr	10	""" I didn 't know if you could ever find me or not ."
tr	6	""" What if this wasn 't Peyton ? """
tr	7	Parnell straightened his coat , doing up the top button .
tr	10	""" Okay , where do we stand ? """
tr	7	I was gone for three weeks .
tr	8	"I don 't see any girls here , just you . """
tr	5	""" I will , "" said Nina , rather coldly ."
tr	9	""" Ryan told us not to leave the craft , and guess what , Mr. Jones ?"
tr	7	In the next second , her dagger was pressed against his throat .
tr	8	"he said happily , "" Has Dominic gone hunting ? """
tr	10	' It 's going to be quite an adventure yes ? '
tr	8	Nice to meet you . '
tr	8	Simon , although pleased to wake up to a hot breakfast , was not in a talkative mood .
tr	10	Neil allowed himself to be towed through the long passage .
tr	8	"Would it kill you to make her day ? """
tr	7	He sucked down the entire drink on the way to the teleport .
tr	10	"Think we can handle it ? """
tr	6	""" Gentlemen , I am truly your humble servant and in your debt ."
tr	9	""" She is not capable of infiltrating your organization . """
tr	6	""" I mean , Charlotte 's all right , but she 's boring and married . """
tr	9	Have to think about that .
tr	10	If everyone worked hard , it would be no time before the work was done .
tr	9	The first hadn 't shaved in weeks and wore a huge tattoo inscribed on one arm .
tr	9	Adele didn 't press him to speak again .
tr	8	But a sly , sideways look betrayed her interest in the man 's advice .
tr	7	Amber extends her hand , and a phantom force pushes me off my perch .
tr	11	"I think I 'll try one of those . """
tr	9	"He had this wonderful picnic -- "" Dad lowered his eyebrows until they practically touched his nose ."
tr	8	Connor flew out from the doorway and struck the man directly on the hands and knocked his rifle to the floor .
tr	11	Dreamer was stunned when Ted let her go .
tr	9	He thought he should probably hear him out .
tr	6	Five renowned research centers around the world have made a startling announcement today .
tr	11	"Do you feel like talking ? """
tr	8	""" Did you know that he drowns baby kittens ? """
tr	10	I could see nothing of significance ; only lifeless brown dirt .
tr	8	Archie had left over a day earlier , but Charlie and his crew had stayed .
tr	6	He didn 't know them .
tr	9	This attempt at reassurance did little to alleviate my anxiety .
tr	7	Inside , they walked by four well-armed guards and took the stairway down the six flights to the gold vault .
tr	10	""" You don 't have to worry about her ."
tr	10	You don 't have to like the songs just the sound . '
tr	7	Halfway through , Reid came up behind me and peered curiously over my shoulder .
tr	10	"Tell me this isn 't what you want . """
tr	8	Like the students , we 'd been placed in the common sleeping room .
tr	9	Scott took the wallet and noticed it was well worn .
tr	9	At least I know he will be all right tonight .
tr	7	You help if you can .
tr	10	We all took turns carrying the eggs .
tr	11	"My brother and I own hunting lodges in the area , one not more than a few miles from here . """
tr	9	"It 's going to be amazing . """
tr	10	Time was not their friend , and Harold felt each passing minute increase the load on his shoulders .
tr	8	""" Are you ok kid ? """
tr	7	Above the noise of falling debris , I heard a harsh grunt from Reid .
tr	11	He grinned , still watching the module as it crept towards its mate .
tr	11	"I had nothing to drink or eat for the whole day , "" she asked , annoyed , forgetting her manners ."
tr	8	He said with a bit of remorse in his voice .
tr	11	They appeared to be polished as smooth as glass , but were actually coarse as the rocks outside .
tr	10	With an animation that only the chaotic doctor could pull off , he took over the presentation .
tr	6	But he remained determined , and his second chance came soon after .
tr	8	"asked George over the phone , "" I might be of some help there . """
tr	10	""" I never thought to see you so poor spirited , Brogan ."
tr	10	She thought about sharing that part of her adventure on the blog .
tr	10	Did you guys see how she was looking at him ?
tr	10	"He said , "" Once they 'd lost complete surprise , they lost most of their courage ."
tr	7	She turned to him and buried her face in his chest .
tr	7	Finally , he too caught sight of the gambling man .
tr	7	Amanda left the motorway and followed the signs for the M20 South .
tr	6	""" You 're very busy , what with all that paperwork . """
tr	8	We took the prints and ran them through our own data base but nothing came up .
tr	7	", as many as your mind can imagine . """
tr	9	I heard my aide call to me hastily and I looked up at him from my desk in the mobile tent .
tr	9	Angelina was due to have her baby .
tr	7	""" Yes , yes of course , "" said Natalie nodding her head ."
tr	9	""" If you wish to go , then we cannot keep you . """
tr	6	""" Oui , it is I , "" she answered him rather breathlessly ."
tr	9	My chest tightened as memories from Pennsylvania rushed back .
tr	8	I suppose that means yes .
tr	7	And that woman -- that vile , joyless , noble woman -- had done the deed .
tr	6	' It 's a friendly warning , ' I said evenly .
tr	9	"To bad you didn 't tell me that the restaurant was invisible . """
tr	10	Despite the haze of pain and the blood loss that dulled my senses , I recognised his expert swordsmanship .
tr	7	""" Shadows and fire , this wasn 't here before , "" the girl cursed ."
tr	11	I realize you were trying to help .
tr	9	They didn 't have to ask me twice .
tr	10	Reggie looked at Anderson willing him to make peace .
tr	6	Way to not be cool .
tr	9	"Do I smell gumbo ? """
tr	10	She swung her mug in a small circle to keep the artificial creamer mixed in .
tr	6	Then the old man raised his hands and then put them down .
tr	7	It is only the power of the crystal that you see .
tr	10	She was being held captive by a group of Muslims .
tr	7	I am greater than a prince .
tr	7	Our next bullets entered the front grille of the Hummer simultaneously .
tr	10	Hard and beautiful he lay in front of her , his muscles still tensed after the strenuous work .
tr	10	""" Tell me what else I should know of your drums . """
tr	8	Gabe reaches for a bag on the floor .
tr	11	The pump hammered away , keeping barely ahead of the constantly seeping water .
tr	8	""" The Empress detests the weapon , had it not been for the Union we would not have one ."
tr	9	He pulled a box out of his pocket and stood stiffly in front of Nathan .
tr	7	On a bed , an athletic and black hair boy , was standing back towards the door .
tr	8	Evans ' head poked down out of the large opening in the ceiling .
tr	9	"I think they may be numbers . """
tr	7	Neil leaped onto the rock and shouldered Simon aside .
tr	5	""" Fairly small , though , "" Longbow replied , "" probably just fawns ."
tr	8	Andy noticed two security cameras in the main part of the hall .
tr	6	With a loud metallic shuffle and crack , the doors of the old elevator were thrown back .
tr	11	So far they hadn 't made the same dent Little Spirit had in Britain .
tr	9	There was movement at the corner of my eyes .
tr	5	""" No , Bo Peep , I don 't , "" I bit out ."
tr	7	Then maybe they could sneak out with no one following .
tr	10	""" You 're welcome , George , can I get you anything else ? """
tr	10	It was crazy , but I was actually looking forward to bonding with Zeal .
tr	7	""" Ready to go ? """
tr	9	As if on cue , a cluster of Trojan Devices rocketed over our heads .
tr	8	A host of angry replies came to Miriam 's tongue , but she bit them back .
tr	7	The roar of the engines increased and the cool night air rushed in .
tr	10	They sat there quietly for a few minutes munching on their lunch and staring across the water .
tr	8	"thanks for asking , "" she replied laughing , "" but there 's a couple of conditions ."
tr	8	She went to fetch another mug .
tr	8	She looked at her beautiful golden brown roast , shiny with herbs and basted with goat butter .
tr	10	He smiled at her , trying to be welcoming .
tr	7	Receiving a vague nod in return , she turned back to the assembled dignitaries .
tr	11	Everyone rushed with joy to free them from their fetters and help them out on to the bank .
tr	11	Nobody knows exactly what they are , but they don 't age like the animals they resemble .
tr	11	He spun to his feet once more , only to find the girl 's second dagger pressed against his throat .
tr	10	"The bitch will not live long enough to be a mummy , "" another chuckled out with mockery ."
tr	6	I almost spat the words out but held my tongue .
tr	8	In a matter of seconds , she and everyone on this ship could be blasted out into the unforgiving darkness .
tr	8	Clear of the fence he fell to the safety of the ground below .
tr	11	She had to see that I was alive and well .
tr	9	He was still licking the sweet sap , unaware of his peril .
tr	6	' It 's the eyes , isn 't it ?
tr	10	Edie May looked up from her desk at the far end of the room when she heard them enter .
tr	8	An unseen hand was pounding on the trapdoor , and a voice -- a beautiful voice -- followed .
tr	7	""" I was in her flat ... . ."
tr	10	You 're my sister , and I 'm going to protect you .
tr	11	It wasn 't like Mom was asking me to kill someone , but it was contact .
tr	7	"It may be from the old times . """
tr	11	"You know that style of bear is to kill enemy . """
tr	6	His eyes are wet , turned a warm honey in the sunlight .
tr	7	""" Why did you leave the documents out for me ? """
tr	10	Zoe strained to raise her head and look .
tr	9	The window behind the man with the gun quietly splintered and his head literally exploded in front of Robbie .
tr	9	he pulled a page from his folder and slid it in front of Jack .
tr	9	Ruth 's face resumed the colour of milk and her eyes dilated in horror .
tr	8	""" I have had enough for now ."
tr	6	""" Oh , that , "" Simon replied , relaxing ."
tr	8	Who am I to stop him ?
tr	6	I hit the wood with a muffled clang .
tr	10	She searched for something comforting to say .
tr	10	They shoved one canoe out then jumped into the second one and started paddling .
tr	10	Throwing the chest open , the boy is confused as he paws at the dark interior .
tr	11	Andy went back to the jeans and began to cut off the brass button above the fly .
tr	8	That would have to do .
tr	9	Roughly , this is how it translates into practice .
tr	8	"Puzzled , Miriam replied , "" At midnight , every night ."
tr	10	Each had a large letter painted in silver above the frame .
tr	9	Looking down , he found his hands were in fists .
tr	9	Ted lay on his back and stared at the wide expanse of stars overhead .
tr	6	Both looked back to the warrior .
tr	11	And its divine light will help your children prise your family 's Divine Star away from the robots .
tr	6	""" What about her grandmother ? """
tr	9	He watched as they poured through the gate .
tr	5	""" Oh hi , Mr. Wyndham , "" she said a little too loudly ."
tr	9	Mercedes offered our names and obliged us with introductions in return .
tr	6	"After a moment , he asks , "" So you got my messages ? """
tr	9	Behind the counter were other glass cases that Chris assumed perhaps contained some of the rarer items .
tr	9	"Are you waiting for Kalani ? """
tr	6	"So where are you from Tony ? """
tr	9	""" Well , let 's see what we 've got , "" Ted said ."
tr	9	"That 's where most of my stuff comes from . """
tr	10	She winced as the movement aggravated the sore muscle in her neck .
tr	10	I can 't do my job if I 'm pregnant and as huge as a house !
tr	8	Sylvia bit off the rattles at the same time with her sharp incisors , cutting through the muscle and tailbone .
tr	9	""" Why don 't you wait at the gate like everybody else ? """
tr	5	Worse , perhaps , than isolated apocalyptic cults was the larger political response .
tr	8	Within the hour the massacre was done and the beehive was overcome by the Killer Bees .
tr	8	""" The fighting was fierce , but when the warrior went down they dragged him over here . """
tr	5	Over the next two days Daniel spotted the Squirrels off and on .
tr	7	"Next , the two of you 'll be -- "" "" Oh come off it ."
tr	7	I suggest we get some rest . '
tr	7	He ripped it in long strips , clotted a few into the shoulder and wrapped the rest around as a bandage .
tr	10	Michael and Ben were overjoyed that at least one person shared their pity for the poor prisoner .
tr	7	Don 't say anything spiteful about the ballet teacher , for goodness sake .
tr	10	For once she wanted to leave behind something more than destruction and death .
tr	8	Seconds later Warrior 's spawn strikes the outside of Venom 's hull and rips into the interior of the ship .
tr	11	He knew that an F-16 afterburner would feel like child 's play to these beauties .
tr	11	I wonder what other titbits I 'll discover ?
tr	5	""" I saw him early this morning ."
tr	10	"This morning I can 't seem to keep myself out of trouble ! """
tr	8	When awarded a silver trophy cup with two golden scorpions on it .
tr	9	Mrs. Jackson scowled , raising one eyebrow for a question mark .
tr	6	Shaykh Saif 's look was dark , but he said nothing .
tr	7	He did his best and had you in surgery for over six hours .
tr	9	"I knew about your illness from a file ... "" "" Meaning ? """
tr	10	It was heavy , he struggled to lift it and carry it to the detector .
tr	11	We saw three trucks leaving with food filled up to the crest .
tr	7	All three of the skate zombies were still carrying their boards with them .
tr	9	""" I just can 't believe how fast she is , I 've never seen anything like it ."
tr	9	He sat leaning on the door and watched two more droplets race down to the bottom of the window .
tr	8	""" You know what I mean , "" said Sampson impatiently ."
tr	8	""" Nothing wrong with me , son ."
tr	7	""" Kid , you can refer to me as ' Beta ' ."
tr	7	"I don 't usually open up the shop much before ten anyway . """
tr	10	Gabe reaches out for the lamp on the table between our beds .
tr	10	He ignored the cries and sporadic battle sounds to concentrate .
tr	6	That , fortunately , was a wish and not a command .
tr	8	It ran between the outer gun mechanisms and the central core where the surgery , mess deck and magazines were located .
tr	7	From the floating bridge linking Heaven and Earth they stirred the primeval ocean with a jewelled spear .
tr	7	What if I lose Ruth ?
tr	8	I absolutely could not let Malcolm see me .
tr	7	A few moments later , they were on the highway , heading south .
tr	10	Secondly , Rick Wilkinson is on his own now in Nicaragua staying with Julio 's mother .
tr	11	I figured it out that Lars was a short name from Laurence , but he didn 't answer .
tr	9	Together , the two sprinted to the edge of the scaffold and dove into the crowd , weapons slashing .
tr	9	She appeared genuinely pleased to see me .
tr	8	""" OK , Georgie , that 's a chance we 'll just have to take ."
tr	9	"Try to bypass any resistance , you don 't want to get bogged down . """
tr	6	""" A runner just reached me with news from topside ."
tr	7	The East is lush and green ; the West flat and dusty , and the Northern border sports a wall .
tr	10	She 'd returned to the castle in such a weary state , she scarcely remembers finding her bed .
tr	6	Chapter Two An hour later , Kylie walked down the stairs with her backpack and purse over her shoulder .
tr	10	Why he is meant to suffer day after day .
tr	7	They slipped inside and were out of sight .
tr	10	Bethan threw her an apologetic look and went to stand by the tour guide .
tr	10	But you know a way around these things I 'm assuming .
tr	9	Trying to quash these worries , I peered out the window .
tr	11	It 's not that I don 't want to help .
tr	7	Was an unusual heat for me .
tr	8	He struggled to suppress his fear .
tr	8	She did not hear anything else around her .
tr	8	""" Let me finish unpacking and I 'll come , "" Tori said and Stacy left ."
tr	6	Gray Texas limestone , two stories , bay window , two-car garage -- pretty standard fare for the subdivision .
tr	8	As shouts of defiance and rejection arose from our side , I looked to the king .
tr	10	During the journey they discussed how Adam would be contacted and how often .
tr	10	Wouldn 't they want to be visible to rescuers ?
tr	6	"Gradually , perhaps in a few years ' time , his old memories might come back . """
tr	6	""" Tough talk , as usual , "" Navi jeers ."
tr	11	""" Do you think it went there ? """
tr	8	""" Anyone know about the Battle of Stalingrad ? """
tr	7	Rafe mouth was set grimly .
tr	8	It 's really all up in the air at this point .
tr	11	What was proper to do with her ?
tr	7	""" What do you see on Laurence ?"
tr	10	"Kas , what do I do ? """
tr	7	I lifted the Smith and Wesson and leaned out of the side window .
tr	11	Several IVs were hooked to her arms and a central line dangled from her neck .
tr	11	Perhaps it would be best if she did not meet Finan at all .
tr	5	All his power and the accumulation of frustration and hunger behind the thrust .
tr	10	"Elaina gave a little shrug and called out , "" Who comes , and what is your purpose ? """
tr	6	The needle plunges into my spine .
tr	6	""" A lot of people sigh . """
tr	9	It did make him pause .
tr	10	"Our orders are very clear : no evac until we have you secured . """
tr	11	She regretted having joined the lads in the pub instead of spending the previous night revising .
tr	8	Spaced between the tables several clay ovens , fired with aromatic wood , radiated cozy warmth into the dusk .
tr	7	Chapter Four The door opened and the old man stepped out of the car .
tr	6	""" Yep , kind of weird , though , since we 're not in the Being Nice business either . """
tr	7	Across the street , on the corner , was a branch of the American Subway restaurant chain .
tr	8	I said harshly , lifting a sterile needle and syringe out of a plastic wrapper .
tr	6	"And very quickly , heartbreakingly fast , he said , "" I could live just fine out here . """
tr	10	""" Did you see what that fucking thing did to Wayland 's ship ? """
tr	10	Connor was beginning to take her seriously , but still doubted the theory .
tr	9	He did not doze off until the wee hours of the morning .
tr	9	""" We are very pleased to have you here . """
tr	10	People stood in groups by the icon lamps lighting candles and occasionally leaving messages for the saints .
tr	9	But the Prince was certain there was something .
tr	11	Andy , and everything else that was loose in the cockpit , shot into the air .
tr	10	""" In the letter you told me to invest the money for you ."
tr	10	""" This very minute , a messenger is on his way to actually kill Phillip !"
tr	10	"They want to do a story about you . """
tr	6	"But ... "" "" I saw it too , "" I said ."
tr	7	The news had spread amongst them .
tr	7	He told her some stories or talked about his lectures and problems with the study material .
tr	8	"What do you want done with them ? """
tr	8	""" I was born in Canada , you know ."
tr	5	""" Oh , yes , it is , "" snapped Charlotte back ."
tr	7	There was a ten rupee coin , three five rupees , few two rupees , and many one rupee coins .
tr	8	It 's just hard to talk .
tr	9	"Let 's see if it continues down to the sea . """
tr	11	""" So-called singles nights where no one wants to pair up ."
tr	8	""" Looks like we have a new job . """
tr	6	Adele giggled again , but it was a nervous sound this time .
tr	8	""" Look , "" she said , motioning with her head ."
tr	11	We were talking about our first loves and wondering what happened to them .
tr	7	He raised his arms , and the room fell silent in an instant .
tr	5	But partly , this year at least , it was the whole Marya thing .
tr	7	They had once seen their followers at a great distance .
tr	9	""" The ones you turned out into the pasture ? """
tr	9	That was the most genuine smile he had seen .
tr	6	When we first met she had long blonde hair , like yours .
tr	8	She turned on her heel and walked away as steadily as she could .
tr	9	Have you ever seen a Viking with a helmet like that -- or carrying a bronze sword ?
tr	11	She smiled when she saw it was Hiro .
tr	11	""" Because they then have to pay for everything later , "" the two sisters thought simultaneously ."
tr	8	He was , before Yin , the most dominant Wolf the world had ever known .
tr	11	I let him open the door before I pushed the first button and blew the truck up .
tr	9	Dahlia tried to analyze why .
tr	7	"I will stay here a bit . """
tr	9	Before he could ask , there was a sound behind him , and they all whirled to face it .
tr	10	Chief Broken Bow was caught by surprise , as the visitors hobbled into his village .
tr	9	Someone who would hold me .
tr	7	Further explosions rocked the foundations of the building .
tr	5	In the lobby , the gunfire sounded distant and faint .
tr	6	She had long black hair , pale skin , and a pointed tail just like Bea .
tr	7	' On my heels , ' ordered Charlie , already striding up the stairs three at a time .
tr	7	Finally she reached her objective , shone the torch at an obscure angle and looked obliquely at the mirror .
tr	8	"she asked him , "" That was quite a show ! """
tr	6	"Chapter 5 The Mountains ren 't they lovely ? """
tr	8	Today , Dale had him working on drip paintings .
tr	8	I felt like everyone 's eyes turn to me , even though no one was looking .
tr	5	At the other end Amy 's eager grin spurred them on .
tr	10	"Cael 's going to get himself killed . """
tr	10	She had to know what happened .
tr	7	To his surprise the bear dropped back to all fours and sank to its haunches .
tr	8	Adele did worse than argue , she ignored .
tr	6	""" Yes , I 've heard the great news ! """
tr	9	"Why would he want to do that ? """
tr	8	Not only was she obviously a woman , she was black .
tr	9	No , he would finish what he started -- a bullet through my brain .
tr	9	"I don 't want the crew to hear . """
tr	8	Maybe to tailor the games to the clients ' needs ?
tr	10	""" Be quiet at once , all of you , "" Mana 's voice declared ."
tr	11	That was all that was said between us .
tr	8	' Can 't you just download all of it ? '
tr	9	The last exclamation was offered in exasperation as another interruption presented itself .
tr	10	The boy can 't help but wonder where he fits into such a balance .
tr	8	After Tony had sat down George fiddled around with the back of the little camera .
tr	10	Also , what was he going to tell the people watching ?
tr	10	Glancing up , toward the steeple , he understood then they were coming from the church .
tr	8	I ride up the elevator of the tallest building and step out onto the roof .
tr	5	""" Sorry Viv , there 's no smoking here ... ."
tr	9	"But I could see why you 're upset . """
tr	9	Using his other hand to shield the flame , he brought it in contact with the master fuse .
tr	9	She was at least three times larger than the rest of them .
tr	10	A glint highlighted by the lights above ; a shiny little sparkle off a device in Minister Drake 's ear .
tr	7	""" I have never done this before , Mr. Clancy ."
tr	11	He saw worry and apprehension , but could still only surmise at what these were directed .
tr	6	At the moment , the street was dark and empty under the glowing street lamps .
tr	7	"Do you mean guns ? """
tr	10	Kaori continued her video , making commentary as the others around the table gorged themselves .
tr	7	He took a few seconds to steady his erratic breathing and then rapped aggressively on the oak door .
tr	6	""" Dancing , with another couple , it sounds to me like a double date ."
tr	8	He would walk away from the dog but when he turned around , he was always right behind him .
tr	9	whispered Olmec , livid , while the others crouched in speechless horror .
tr	11	"I didn 't want to be tied to him . """
tr	8	"Drew started to explain but Dane waved him off , "" Did you get the information ? """
tr	10	""" I warned you not to watch anything in the future , "" he reminded her ."
tr	5	""" This morning ... and then later , after the reindeer rides . """
tr	9	Even as I struggle up , he is next to me , pushing me down , hard .
tr	6	""" Surface slice , "" she said , "" just need a stitch or two . """
tr	9	She got up , put on whatever she found and went to breakfast .
tr	10	By now the whole castle had crumbled leaving nothing but a crater .
tr	9	What he saw drove him to look at the others .
tr	11	""" I will be studying two fields at the Air Force Academy if they will allow me to ."
tr	7	He gave it to me just before he left .
tr	7	Hidden hydraulics took over , slowly swinging the door outwards .
tr	6	The Murano smells like blood .
tr	9	""" Anything I might help with ? """
tr	9	""" Why did you let her do that to me ? """
tr	5	""" Well , a friend , "" the young man acknowledged ."
tr	8	I hear a TV chattering in the next room .
tr	7	I 'm going to also .
tr	8	""" Guys , Alejo knows what he 's talking about . """
tr	7	They positioned three fingers above the eye and one under the eye , just above the cheekbone .
tr	9	She turned to face him and fell into the blackness of his eyes .
tr	7	Some sixty Hunters lined the edge of the clearing .
tr	11	Mia was surprised that he wanted to leave .
tr	11	"Are you ready to answer some questions ? """
tr	8	The man had a spear point protruding from his back .
tr	6	Malcolm entered , and I about peed my pants .
tr	5	""" At the time I had my reasons . """
tr	10	""" I seek the one who seeks the Light , "" the Prince gasped out ."
tr	8	' We haven 't got time to argue .
tr	8	He ran his fingers over the familiar cover like the face of an old friend .
tr	5	Chapter 6 May 8th , 2034 For a second , Sara couldn 't breathe .
tr	8	With another bow , he set a pile of towels by the tub and backed out of the room .
tr	10	"Drew stumbled over to where they were hidden , "" Here . """
tr	6	Canton looks down at her with a warm smile .
tr	5	she quickly agreed and trotted off upstairs .
tr	10	Throwing back the lid reveals what he should have expected , another small , silver key .
tr	9	His chipper grin died away at the look on Alejo 's face .
tr	9	But today , Cobb seemed strangely distracted , or at least uninterested in talking about it .
tr	8	""" You make me very happy , Finn ... "" she paused ."
tr	7	With the stiff over there , that 's four now .
tr	9	"Do you want any ? """
tr	10	"It 's still listed as owned by Commercial Property Management . """
tr	10	And so he felt no guilt about letting them face this threat alone .
tr	11	The passageway was then his to guard for the next three hours , until his replacement came .
tr	8	""" Is that how they found us ? """
tr	6	""" Jesus Christ , Layla ... "" I opened my mouth , but nothing came out ."
tr	8	The dagger , long as it was , pierced the thing 's heart , freezing it in place .
tr	5	""" Yes , this house also has its passion . """
tr	5	And , of course , there were puppet shows and storytellers .
tr	9	I might be able to help . '
tr	5	""" Listen , Simon , no more talk now ."
tr	6	""" Lovely , and your father was so dashing , and elegant , and sexy ! """
tr	6	""" Hmmmm , "" said the Commander thoughtfully , "" that 's actually a pretty good idea ."
tr	6	Back in the motor pool , the company crowded around their Captain .
tr	7	Earle nodded and smiled and took the order back to the kitchen .
tr	10	The cousins could see that the Angel was evidently disturbed .
tr	7	"Or , "" I tied him up but I didn 't shoot him ! """
tr	11	"Promise her that she would be reunited with her mate . """
tr	9	""" Something must be terribly wrong if you leave half your latte . """
tr	11	Her step-father told her it was the fireman coming out in her .
tr	8	""" Sounds like they fell down . """
tr	7	Lowering his voice , Rusty leaned forwards and fixed Paul with a sharp look , ' Ere mate .
tr	11	""" There 's one problem , though ; I have no idea how to steal a car . """
tr	9	""" So , Joe , tell me ... What 's the plan ? """
tr	11	""" Then we should get ready and find something nice to wear . """
tr	7	Lace 's eyes narrowed and she shared a knowing look with Natasha .
tr	10	He was almost gone when one of the guards called after him .
tr	10	I had been too excited to eat breakfast .
tr	8	Anna 's eyes narrowed when she saw the cigarette .
tr	10	I could tell he was enjoying this .
tr	8	""" It 's weird , especially that you ... you know . """
tr	10	I didn 't really know it would do that .
tr	7	""" The Spitfire was a famous British fighter plane from World War II . """
tr	10	The life threatening racoons were either gone or unconscious so the group continued moving again .
tr	7	""" Wake up , Eno , you lout , "" I shouted from my vantage point somewhere near the ceiling ."
tr	7	Wolf Eyes and Wounded Eagle were talking in conference with Proud Cougar .
tr	9	""" That 's what I told them , "" said Jim , "" but they seem serious about it ."
tr	8	Then I rejoined the A17 and was in Sleaford an hour later .
tr	11	""" Why don 't you just take all the clothes off of your bed so she can sleep there , Pigpen ?"
tr	7	""" Fine , fine , you scared me senseless . """
tr	8	One of its wings had been injured and was hanging uselessly by its bony yellow leg .
tr	8	"One here in the US and one in ... "" he glanced at his papers ."
tr	11	He was always one to thrive in challenging environments .
tr	8	Cease the attacks , stand down the military , and let 's talk this out .
tr	8	Once in the saddle , she could see the men were patiently waiting for her .
tr	6	I bought a dress though , just in case .
tr	6	   A month later , another storm hit them .
tr	8	Do you know how expensive a governess would be ?
tr	8	"He already has his staff working on a training plan . """
tr	5	""" Well , I remember my mission ."
tr	8	I relented and couldn 't help but smile .
tr	7	""" Thought I 'd find you here , "" a voice whispered in his ear ."
tr	9	But anyone behind us can only come in one man at a time , if they find this niche .
tr	7	Said he was familiar with the New England shore .
tr	6	""" A few power supplies , two DVD drives , an old graphics card , and a router ."
tr	8	I couldn 't help but let out a sigh of relief .
tr	11	They yelled that last year , but I was in the tree on the other side of the road .
tr	11	Ted dismissed the notion as though it was the most preposterous thing he 'd ever heard .
tr	9	Look what happened to Jesus .
tr	6	She milked the little goat daily and made bread dough every other day .
tr	7	They kept on , their speech but a soft whisper .
tr	7	""" See you soon , then , "" Alejo had said over her cell a week ago ."
tr	6	In her head , she formulated an escape plan : out the back door , into the woods .
tr	8	On the plain it merely froze on the ground in patches of slick ice .
tr	7	""" You may go , "" the sergeant stated and the boy and his brother bolted for an exit ."
tr	11	If they needed information from an informant he knew how to get it out skilfully , meticulously and with bloody results .
tr	11	He did not ride in the carriage , where all his things were ; a knight rode horses , by definition .
tr	9	Reid and I braced ourselves against the roof of the vehicle and the headrests of the front seats .
tr	8	""" I need to work and it 'll be easier in suburbia . """
tr	7	Meatball tore a piece from the pizza , rolled it around several wedges , and took a large bite .
tr	7	I told you , I 'm not a Muslim anymore , and I have left the organization !
tr	8	' I know , I was an idiot , ' Raphael said before changing the subject .
tr	9	He kicked his boots into the sides of his horse and was rocketed up the mountainside .
tr	6	""" I only discovered the truth yesterday , "" said his head with a big sigh ."
tr	8	Brigadier General Clayton ' Hawk ' Abernathy grinned as he interlaced his fingers .
tr	11	That meant she had to be powerful .
tr	5	"This young woman almost took down the entire Facility ! """
tr	9	""" What are you waiting for , Falcon , here I am ! """
tr	8	It was Tomas Godard who replied .
tr	9	""" The TDF brass will be shuttling up from Earth in about an hour ."
tr	9	The only sound was the wind against the tent , sneaking bitterly cold drafts around the seams .
tr	8	a voice from the front of the bus broke in .
tr	6	She has wide , brilliant blue eyes , a full , rosy mouth , and a soft , round face .
tr	8	Mike was the first to speak .
tr	11	said Maggie , who came near to Glock .
tr	9	Sirens blared in the distance when I came out of the house .
tr	7	I must have saved myself an absolute fortune .
tr	8	A young man appeared beside Sofia with a dagger on his bleeding hand .
tr	6	As she spoke , her eyes looked beyond me , through my skin , through the wall .
tr	7	Logan spoke before I could .
tr	9	Having won the fight , the king of thieves cannot understand why his body still quakes painfully .
tr	5	At the top landing , behind a reference desk , sat a tall , skinny assistant librarian .
tr	7	Apparently the need to focus did not rule out speech .
tr	10	No one deserves to be chewed to death .
tr	5	I need your help now .
tr	8	""" No , you 've given these a bit of a rest , anyway ."
tr	9	But cheap hostels didn 't ask for copies of your ID .
tr	7	The sun is now cresting the eastern peaks and the end of my quest is near .
tr	9	He set his rifle for semi-automatic fire and began to pick off the aliens .
tr	9	He questions without looking at her .
tr	9	"It 's the other factors I 'm worried about . """
tr	7	The next few moments were a blur of activity .
tr	6	Such a smarty pants , but then again , it was a dumb question .
tr	7	"My disappointment was real , not an act , as I said , "" I 'm also a perfect alarm clock ."
tr	9	His eyes opened and reality resolved into being around him once more .
tr	11	""" You will have to enter the City of the Dead alone ."
tr	9	The glow began to spread out over the heart .
tr	5	In the mirror , Gabe smiles .
tr	7	I wrap my arms around my body and weep .
tr	8	""" I need that bastard back here ! """
tr	9	""" We 've seen no movement , no car in the driveway ."
tr	10	Chapter 9 Scott awoke to what sounded like a distant rifle shot .
tr	5	""" In his cage , like a good little guinea pig . """
tr	10	""" I don 't want to hear about partial victories ! """
tr	11	Of the three men who Neil had just listened to , the guard had seemed to make the most sense .
tr	11	I went to bathroom and the first thing I did was a cold shower .
tr	5	The rain is a faint mist .
tr	10	""" I hoped you would say that , "" he said ."
tr	8	Sky settled into Claire 's lap and wrapped her arms around her neck .
tr	7	""" That was cute , "" Chase said and put his coat over her ."
tr	7	She smiled at Mr. Cantwell as she spoke .
tr	8	""" Those humans you created ... "" "" Go on , my son . """
tr	6	""" Mommy , "" he said , his tone suggested embarrassment and annoyance ."
tr	11	I spied another door at the rear of the room before turning my attention to the rest of the extensive space .
tr	10	""" Who ... who 's gone loopy ? """
tr	6	"Then , her face lights up and she says , "" Stupid . """
tr	7	"Lilly Ann grabbed his right arm and stood up , "" Ready ? """
tr	10	He grabbed a blanket and threw it over his shoulders while Lonnie headed for the light switch .
tr	8	""" You 're a brave lad , young John , "" Donovan said , nodding at John ."
tr	10	"He jumped up and yelled , "" Lilly , come on out , Mr. Geronimo is here ! """
tr	5	"What 'd you make ? """
tr	7	"We 're real American heroes ; probably get medals and promotions for this . """
tr	10	""" I came to warn you , because if you go any further , you march to your doom . """
tr	7	Business casual for dinner at some country club , and the next morning they would hit the links .
tr	5	""" Oh , hello , Detective "" the Wolf replied ."
tr	7	Jacob grinned while Eva spoke .
tr	7	""" Tola ... Adam , what just happened ? """
tr	11	I don 't want any misunderstanding who 's in charge here .
tr	7	He hadn 't thought of that .
tr	8	He just had a great idea , computing the thrust numbers in his head .
tr	9	All visitors have to sign in and sign a waiver .
tr	5	""" And now , Mr. Cross , Skill Four , "" the Vandy chirped ."
tr	11	Stories to Captivate the Imagination Welcome to the worlds of Saladin Ahmed A medieval physician asked to do the impossible .
tr	5	""" Yep , everything looks good here ! """
tr	7	""" May the Truth stay beside you and Peace watch your door . """
tr	11	He leaned against the wall , chest heaving , sweat dripping like he 'd just taken a shower .
tr	5	You , 006 and I are the main bargaining chips now .
tr	9	""" Germans , "" shouted Fredericks , and started to jump back in ."
tr	9	You 'll be sore for a week , but no real damage .
tr	5	""" Me either , "" Alex agreed ."
tr	10	The garden , for that was where he was , gave the effect of color , shade and great beauty .
tr	9	We wrapped ourselves in heavy coats and continued until the silver clouds swallowed the sun .
tr	8	The electric discharge at their touch could have lit up a room , it definitely lit up Taylor 's face .
tr	8	He was holding a gun to Anna 's head .
tr	7	Lonnie and Ricky pushed past them and ran for the canoes .
tr	10	Sneed 's house wasn 't where he thought it was .
tr	11	He fell silent , not knowing what else to say , feeling numb and empty .
tr	7	""" Not exactly , "" Mai smirks , clearly hiding something ."
tr	9	After watching the first phase of the operation , David had indeed proven himself to be a quite gifted surgeon .
tr	10	""" You are going to have to ."
tr	6	""" My name is Dagger , "" he states , angrily ."
tr	10	I 'm sorry I got a bit short with you .
tr	8	and forced himself to walk in .
tr	11	""" Storytellers -- dreamers like you -- have told me about what lies in the Darkling Wood ."
tr	8	As I was on my own I belched long and loud after I finished .
tr	8	It opened onto a small courtyard where several monks sat reading .
tr	8	' If we signed you I 'd find a producer and put you in a studio .
tr	8	""" You 'll be a party wrecker , Pat , "" Percy said ."
tr	7	I 'll be watching you !
tr	9	Soon the bright sky disappeared and they found themselves in some sort of grey fog .
tr	9	A new thing came to the space , a smell of heat .
tr	7	""" Maybe she likes you , "" Mai declares , her words always encouraging ."
tr	5	After a few seconds , the elevator bell chimes and the doors open .
tr	8	""" Majesty , we learned only this morning of a dangerous plot against you ."
tr	10	The flag actually bounced as it struck the surface of Asteroid DX 2014 .
tr	11	he heard Robyn ask before he dozed off .
tr	9	But I will do my best to ease your pain .
tr	6	""" And some The Technology Girl , "" now she spoke in perfect American accent ."
tr	7	Throwing myself under the blade , I swore .
tr	7	""" Listen to me , Miriam . """
tr	8	""" Everyone who enters the forest will be lost ."
tr	7	As the remaining families fled the burning building they were cut down by the automatic fire .
tr	7	Mr Brown walked quietly up to the old man and spoke gently into his ear .
tr	7	She reached out a hand picking it up .
tr	7	The hot sun beat down on his tan skin and his fish pendant necklace .
tr	9	Night was giving way to a sort of brilliant twilight .
tr	10	Gema nodded quite prepared to let him speak .
tr	10	every now and again it would flare up into an argument .
tr	9	Understand you caught a lot of flack over those , forced you into early retirement .
tr	6	It was as simple as that .
tr	9	I used to believe in honor .
tr	10	A hundred feet along the waterway , I skidded to a stop in front of a vertical grill in the wall .
tr	11	""" I 'm not going to let up on you , you know ."
tr	6	' I need a smoke , ' he explained at my stare .
tr	6	Only my mother , Great Uncle Ito and I should know this right now .
tr	11	"We 're headed down to join the army in Gonzales . """
tr	8	You 've taken much from me already .
tr	9	""" It 's you , "" he repeats as if this will clear things right up ."
tr	10	Lynn had just walked out of the building when the attack began .
tr	7	""" I checked in with my CO , "" he told her ."
tr	8	They came across a trail of blood .
tr	10	She wasn 't going let this bullshit go unchallenged .
tr	8	I tapped my finger over a second drawing at the edge of the paper .
tr	8	""" I thought that was your sister ! """
tr	10	He 'd recently expanded his business onto the continent and now had a regular truck running from London to Amsterdam .
tr	7	Two more agents bounded up , young and full of energy : Dante Roma and Lexie Pattison .
tr	7	"Though he was not so brilliant , Thomas was a strong lad and very trustworthy . """
tr	11	""" You 're going to eat all of that ? """
tr	8	""" That 's great to hear ."
tr	8	I needed to have the same conviction .
tr	10	If you attempt to hurt her anymore , then I can and will tie you back to the horse .
tr	9	Wilbur had no trepidation getting his hands dirty and neither did Taylor .
tr	5	And her hair was once again long .
tr	7	broke in Rafe as the silence lengthened .
tr	6	A man , alone , but he was a settler or a trapper , friend or foe ?
tr	10	Make sure they 're alright , she reasoned .
tr	8	"With Aria and the dragon out there , we have to move quickly . """
tr	7	I asked , dreading the answer .
tr	6	' An ounce apiece from the many doth far exceed a pound apiece from the few . '
tr	10	A wave of defeat washes over the group , cowering above the rushing torrent of water beneath the raised bridge .
tr	11	I nodded respectfully and it seemed to make him blush .
tr	5	""" Good morning , Gabe , this is Joey Beretta . """
tr	6	They eventually did , but kept their wide ridiculous smiles on .
tr	9	The scalps were displayed and carried by dancers around the fire .
tr	7	Gan whistled again , and the dogs dropped out of sight in the grass .
tr	8	""" You will see my appreciation at sunrise , "" he concludes , entering the throne room without them ."
tr	5	""" ' Call Me , ' "" said a young man 's voice ."
tr	8	"Are there any buses to La Paz tonight ? """
tr	8	He and Margaret had moved back into the Lodge down by the estate entrance .
tr	8	The light steadily increased in intensity and shone with all the colours of the rainbow .
tr	6	Occasionally , an upside-down glimpse of his face came into view .
tr	7	"She said , "" I think so , sir . """
tr	8	""" Have you even heard their Christmas in Harmony album ? """
tr	10	"Signed , Your friend ' ... And what 're we to make of that ? """
tr	10	"Sydney was the first one over and she took off running like a horse and yelling , "" Not it ! """
tr	11	"Do you know where it is ? """
tr	6	""" So what are you worried about ?"
tr	11	""" Unless you want to wait here and see what happens to us . """
tr	5	"Chapter 29 "" Maybe this is a good thing . """
tr	10	""" If we don 't go now we 'll have to put it off until tomorrow . """
tr	9	""" It is not our place any longer , since you spoiled with Laurence . """
tr	8	""" Captain , all the machinery on board , is in working order , at the moment ."
tr	10	Cade bit his tongue to keep from interjecting .
tr	6	I 'm sorry little guy .
tr	5	The smell of fire and ash , of blood and urine .
tr	9	He nearly fell through when Amy opened it .
tr	9	She turned to look at Liam .
tr	7	With every flash of brown hair , my heart leaped .
tr	8	The lack of emotion in her voice startled Brand .
tr	8	This time she did not seek , did not reach -- she commanded .
tr	6	I can 't squelch my surprise .
tr	7	""" Yes , sir , "" Hawk said and , saluting , dragged a still dumbfounded Hank with him ."
tr	8	"Preparing a carriage for immediate departure under the king 's business and orders . """
tr	8	"The underling shrank back completely , sneaked up to the boss and quietly whispered : "" We have some super-secret material ."
tr	8	""" I 'm very well , thank you , "" Miriam answered ."
tr	9	What 's going on with you two ?
tr	7	It was no one 's fault but her own .
tr	6	She looked at her grandfather with a faint smile .
tr	11	"Falconer said , "" They told us they 'd keep attendants here , Pastor ."
tr	10	"That 's when the audience began cheering , "" GO !"
tr	7	Victory , when finally attained , is not courageous .
tr	8	' He worked for the Order of the Bastian Hunters during the sixteen hundreds .
tr	9	Doctor Bobby Wilson stood pensively across the room watching in clear distaste .
tr	11	When she looked down again her smile was broad , on the verge of breaking into laughter .
tr	6	"Good pub , great beer and good food , and my family will still be there . """
tr	7	And what happened to Miriam ?
tr	8	""" I 'm so glad you asked !"
tr	8	""" No , "" he instantly refuses , shaking his head in a disgusted quiver ."
tr	10	The head wound - which wasn 't very deep at all - had closed up .
tr	9	"There 's plenty of other things to worry about just now . """
tr	10	Connor finally felt like he could let it go .
tr	8	At some point in between sleep and wake I jolted up in bed .
tr	7	Rick came back into the room a puzzled expression on his face .
tr	10	I lost nothing I regret losing .
tr	9	Uncle Jeff and Lex listened with rapt attention to every detail of Ricky 's story .
tr	6	The treasure chests were still there , but everyone was gone .
tr	8	"She said , "" Let 's stop at that bluff by the stream ."
tr	11	"Do you want to continue ? """
tr	5	Okay , now Jimmy was really worried .
tr	7	Fields stretched away behind ; a blanket of unrelenting brown , as yet unadorned by spring crops .
tr	11	"Now that I embarrassed enough , let 's do business , shall we ? """
tr	7	She cautiously stepped down the wooden stairs with her bare feet .
tr	8	Then I waited only a few moments before chasing you .
tr	9	""" Go back and look out for anyone while I get the diary . """
tr	5	""" What the hell was that ? """
tr	11	"Do you know what I thought ? """
tr	9	"As he approached he had to remind himself for the tenth time why he was here ... "" Pictures ! """
tr	7	"What if he 's still searching ? """
tr	7	""" If you are wolf , it will , hinder the change , though only for a short time . """
tr	10	Or dishes soaking to be cleaned ?
tr	8	Her sister Viv , now fifty five , took off when she was twenty or so .
tr	9	"I said , "" Morning Dennis , pour yourself a cup and join the party ... ."
tr	6	And then : ' Yes , your offer is ... interesting , ' said Dangerous Beans .
tr	5	' It 's just a stage kiss right ? '
tr	6	Besides the engines , the police cruisers , and the news trucks , four ambulances were on the scene .
tr	8	""" Is that a hole in his chest ? """
tr	11	I had no idea you were continuing with the injections .
tr	7	He wore a black bodysuit with body armor , night vision goggles , communications equipment , and submission devices .
tr	10	We serve as a framework for the nations of the Earth to work together .
tr	10	So , she will have to remove these shackles , and then she will have to die .
tr	8	When she opened her eyes and looked up , only Nick was there , looking down on her .
tr	9	A hundred stories to justify why they gave me away .
tr	9	Since he had seen her , he knew she would be the one .
tr	5	""" Some brothels and bars , farms , a trade ring , a smuggling business ?"
tr	10	He looked at Calvin and wondered if this had been a bad idea .
tr	7	Lived with his extended family around these parts as gypsies do -- under bridges , in caravans and tents .
tr	5	""" Did it have a crooked tail ? """
tr	6	""" Well , yes , she has quite a large farm and ... . """
tr	6	In fact , he and Vera would often take long walks together .
tr	7	In other words , time is tight and I cannot change the itinerary .
tr	11	"I want a Starbucks , I want to feel pavement beneath my feet instead of dirt . """
tr	6	One of the shapes contracts and changes colour , becoming green , brown , grey , blue .
tr	7	""" Relax , only a professional can resist with them . """
tr	5	""" Yup , see that large red cedar right there ?"
tr	10	""" Are they fol owing us ? """
tr	10	A stoic sort of evil resonates within the swirling quagmire , inviting her in with its sheathed claws .
tr	7	""" Yes , we 've got the ring , "" answered Ben 's disembodied voice ."
tr	11	I haven 't been able to talk to them since everything went to hell .
tr	9	""" What makes you say that ? """
tr	7	""" You seem out of sorts today , Mr. Neil . """
tr	9	""" Do you swear you can keep a secret ?"
tr	7	Chapter 10 Bill Jacobs entered the Sheriff 's office and pounded his fist on the locked security entrance door .
tr	7	The children were ragged , dirty , and rough but they were also stout , vital , and energetic .
tr	11	This was not what I wanted to hear .
tr	9	This was the part where Christ was mocked and humiliated .
tr	7	Rafe stirred in his chair ; all of the inactivity was frustrating him .
tr	8	No professional would leave any sign of his presence .
tr	11	The brothers pretend not to notice , but they pause each time I pull my hand out of the water .
tr	5	""" And a woman , "" Father Tomas stated the obvious ."
tr	10	Do not bother to return without her .
tr	9	He just shrugged after Sarah commented positively on his spiral .
tr	5	""" No , my Lord , I was not so empowered . """
tr	8	David 's soldiers would take out all the support troops and those tending the camp .
tr	11	Only then did Mariposa smell the man sweat on the soiled straw walls of the hat .
tr	6	""" Hey , you , "" the subject called out to them in English ."
tr	6	""" Let 's go and eat ."
tr	5	Luckily , Matt ' Doc ' Fletcher , my high school coach , also coached the Dolphins .
tr	6	""" Doctor Dresden , "" a deep but smooth mechanical voice utters ."
tr	8	"My dear , you will watch the coast for us ? """
tr	7	Len kept his eyes on the water when he answered .
tr	10	The feeling of being in Mike 's personal space triggered a strong sense of dj vu .
tr	9	' What 's illegal about buying vinyl ? '
tr	5	""" Yes , it 's probably a black man . """
tr	9	The years in hiding with her nursemaid were life altering .
tr	7	Rylan said nothing of the cold bitterness in his tone .
tr	9	""" Madame Secretary , um , is that what I call you , or ? """
tr	10	Frank wasn 't sure of the man 's rank as he was unfamiliar with German insignia .
tr	9	I tumble backwards , enfolded in night and shrill wind for a horrifying second before crashing into a branch below .
tr	8	He relished the rare chance to bring Rafe down a little .
tr	7	""" Your sister , however : like your niece , she sustained no injuries in the crash ."
tr	9	""" I 'll remember you said that . """
tr	11	"He walked in and said , "" The dock waters from that good cistern next the little caretaker house . """
tr	7	The beast stood about nine feet tall , his dense , dark fur , covering his muscular frame .
tr	7	Even if Megan were right , the skill of flying could also have positive sides .
tr	8	""" Abby , I wanted to thank you . """
tr	6	"Apply as much pressure as you can ... we must contain the bleeding . """
tr	11	""" Do you mean to give up ? """
tr	7	""" Yes , daddy , "" mocked Helen Spade , batting her eyes ."
tr	11	I managed to ask when my nerves came back .
tr	7	Now Alejo barely even knew who he was .
tr	10	Windows with curtains had been set into the wall to the left of each door .
tr	8	He looked up , halting his lurching walk around their campsite .
tr	9	I looked past Reid and directed a friendly smile at the large bearded man behind the front desk of the cafe .
tr	10	"Don 't underestimate him , "" she warns , struggling to focus her thoughts ."
tr	6	The tiny recording mech bobbed up and down silently , its little green light beeping , indicating it was still recording .
tr	9	I feel an explosion of cooling ecstasy .
tr	9	Not being a particularly well-liked person , Jonesy was quite surprised that anybody anywhere would actually call out his name .
tr	6	With a clink and a clunk , the door slid open and Hansen stepped inside .
tr	8	Hailey backed further without concern for her own safety .
tr	7	As a result General Bird - De Peacock intensified hostility towards his most dedicated friend .
tr	11	She remember how she had bargained the necklace with the dragon , Kali .
tr	8	The little boy 's shoulder strap was ripped and hung down across his chest .
tr	7	Without British or American military might for protection , New Zealand was vulnerable to a similar invasion .
tr	6	She lifted it again slowly , shook her head , docked it and opened the cash register drawer .
tr	9	""" This first rock is heavy , about the size of a baseball , and I have it in . """
tr	9	The Prince did so quickly as the other two came within earshot .
tr	10	She saw animals she 'd never seen before .
tr	8	""" Yes it is , but I 'll leave it on charge overnight ."
tr	10	""" Do you have anything else to add Junior Commander ? """
tr	11	He was no match for the Idol of the Great Mother , the barrow witch 's most prized possession .
tr	8	After throwing the remote on the coffee table he sat down again .
tr	9	""" He 's a Zombie , he 'll just stand there until someone picks him up . """
tr	11	His dust cloud kept Amanda covered as she followed him .
tr	9	The girl immediately felt sorry for him and offered the staff bathroom to clean up .
tr	6	""" Of course not , "" Velvet replied , "" but let him enjoy it for now ."
tr	9	Malcolm babbled on about espionage in a newbie sort-of excited way , something about night vision goggles .
tr	7	Because at this point the friendship part was hurting a lot more .
tr	11	A joyous giggle that came from somewhere deep inside him .
tr	9	The baby was able to grow up .
tr	6	""" It was a small black bear , "" he said in answer to the unspoken question ."
tr	6	To him it seemed more like a weak analog television signal .
tr	8	"Find its nature in yourself -- find your power . """
tr	9	In what seemed like slow motion , he put down his pen and lifted himself from behind the table .
tr	10	Her primitive instinct of direction led her unerringly along the route they had come .
tr	7	Blood was already seeping through it .
tr	10	Like many indie authors , Susan depends on the reviews and word of mouth referrals of her readers .
tr	7	Besides , I 've told you before .
tr	8	The last attempt on my life by the Hunters was in nineteen ten . '
tr	7	Most times when he opened his eyes he just groaned in pain and quickly fell back into the soothing darkness .
tr	11	"Apparently , I 'll even be able to read people 's thoughts . """
tr	9	His team snorted and pawed nervously , raising shingles from the roof .
tr	8	Some low bushes , some kind of thistles , and a handful of cacti were all that he could see .
tr	5	""" Amy 's future success and happiness is always my main concern . """
tr	9	The effort was too much to bear and again he faded away .
tr	11	Carlos finally stopped his fuming and walked around Josie , headed toward Kendall 's truck .
tr	8	Claire took a sharp breath of icy air and began coughing .
tr	11	He uses his newly freed voice to announce that he is hungry .
tr	7	The voice of his companion was familiar , but I couldn 't quite place it .
tr	10	They spent a couple of hours looking through the internet without any success .
tr	8	Nathan began to grow uneasy .
tr	6	The FBI 's telepath was in a coma .
tr	6	Snapped and cracked panels laid in odd positions all over the destroyed room .
tr	9	Adele bit her lip , feeling a sudden rush of pity for her betrothed .
tr	7	""" Come on , little baby , we 'll head back ."
tr	5	""" What are you talking about ? """
tr	8	Kurt made his way across , ignoring the family portrait on the nightstand , focusing on the shower .
tr	11	""" You sure you want to come along this weekend ? """
tr	5	CHAPTER THIRTEEN THE OLD BARN Over the next week , life 's pace increased tenfold .
tr	11	The teachers all said how nice it was to have me there .
tr	7	Without a word , I jumped on to the chair and pulled myself up and through the vent .
tr	9	The two men were riding through the forest , following the hunting pack .
tr	11	Calvin looked at Raphael who said , ' Probably not . '
tr	8	The passenger cabin was very chic and modern with metallic paint and sharp lined captain 's chair .
tr	7	""" I enjoy a nice song , I suppose , "" she replied ."
tr	10	Want to help me eat it ?
tr	10	""" I can 't believe how much progress you 've made , "" Chris said ."
tr	11	She looks up at the massive dragon towering before her with pleading eyes .
tr	9	They obviously had entered a world of learning and teaching .
tr	9	In a couple of minutes Sophia was already sitting back at the bar in her new dress .
tr	6	Like a wave , a ripple of something lush and spongy raced outwards from the epicenter .
tr	11	They struggled to keep their heads high while trying to do the same for their spirits .
tr	10	He told me not to do something foolish and to hide .
tr	5	Bryce 's dying cry was his only answer .
tr	7	A hidden panel in his office wall parted , revealing a darkened chamber within .
tr	5	"Even changed my own diaper this morning . """
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	8	' Nothing that won 't heal , ' Victor said gruffly .
tr	5	"With Manuel coming home , it 's all so much more immediate . """
tr	8	For Josie , standing behind Keen , it was simply unbelievable .
tr	11	""" I 'm sorry if you have misunderstood , Miss Cantwell , but it is very important to me ."
tr	11	I know it 's going to happen .
tr	10	- And did you ever help in such case ?
tr	6	He wrapped his wife in his arms .
tr	11	Seth doubted she even knew what she looked like .
tr	9	Someone who cared for her .
tr	9	They all sat quietly for innumerable seconds as the sound moved closer to them .
tr	8	Draining the last of her coffee , Claire looked at the blue sky and then at her watch .
tr	7	Spy Games was popular and doing well , wasn 't it ?
tr	5	' Oh , me , ' said the oh god weakly .
tr	11	"Do you need help with something ? """
tr	6	I hardly thought about it myself in all that time .
tr	7	He could change his physical form , but clothes needed cleaning .
tr	5	His fingers pound the keyboard .
tr	5	At that time , harmony and peace ruled the word .
tr	11	He selected files that he thought were important .
tr	6	""" Thank goodness , "" she said with relief ."
tr	8	The lines on her face seemed deeper , and her shoulders hunched over a bit more .
tr	7	""" You 're not exactly playing fair , "" she said ."
tr	9	he said once we were inside his apartment .
tr	9	' Show me where she is ' .
tr	8	Above the splintering and cracking noise , the stutter of a machine gun rose from the rooftop of the opposite building .
tr	10	""" I don 't know , "" Lilly Ann said slowly while reluctantly relinquishing the issue of the Chronicle to Taylor ."
tr	8	He moved to Flaherty 's side and motioned for quiet .
tr	6	She practically jumped out of her skin .
tr	7	"BP is eighty over fifty-five , pulse ox is eighty-five . """
tr	10	Kevin might not be particularly astute , but he was loyal and that wasn 't something you took lightly .
tr	8	They used sign language to be silent .
tr	8	""" I eat here because my life is empty . """
tr	7	He closed the door but did not bolt it .
tr	7	He didn 't include it in those papers . '
tr	10	"Why are you pushing shopping carts full of stuff home from Wal-Mart ? """
tr	9	He 'd wake me up at odd hours of the night .
tr	10	She could feel the sweat running down the corner of her face .
tr	6	Behind that mask , bloodshot eyes register confusion , then irritation with my question .
tr	11	"Any agreement that might be reached cannot be imagined to be anything but short lived . """
tr	6	He even took a few steps back for good measure .
tr	9	"Think you might faint ? """
tr	9	""" I 've got to make some calls ."
tr	8	""" That remains to be seen ."
tr	9	Softly she got to her feet and walked over to him standing near the window .
tr	5	' Oh oh , it 's the party inspector ! '
tr	5	""" Mrs. Streeter , Mr. President , "" the reporter corrected ."
tr	6	A set of cross hairs slide down and blink over the distant dock doors .
tr	9	""" And I see you still have matches and a jug of kerosene . """
tr	6	And the party had not helped ; there were party food and streamers and burst balloons everywhere .
tr	8	Rafe looked down at the sword in relief .
tr	5	""" An increasingly common one , unfortunately , "" Cyril said soberly ."
tr	8	In the elemental blaze of the barbarian 's eyes she read an intent deadly as her own .
tr	9	""" You said you wanted this , "" Stacy said ."
tr	6	The first year I lived in Cochabamba .
tr	9	""" But she 's not your life partner , is she ? """
tr	9	""" I don 't want to kill the dog ."
tr	10	""" I 've been trying to reach you all morning , honey ."
tr	8	Follow it before it grows cold .
tr	7	Even if it was found , a sign warning of snakes discouraged entry .
tr	10	In fact the only thing electrical at all that Andy recognised was an ancient radio in the corner .
tr	8	""" In the trunk , "" Robbie thought for a couple of moments ."
tr	11	We headed for the one that faced onto the cul-de-sac .
tr	8	He fumbled for words , playing with the coins absently .
tr	10	They struggled to put boots on and stumble out of their tents .
tr	10	""" Well no ... she wasn 't there so ... "" "" What ?"
tr	7	What happened to Amelia Earhart ?
tr	11	Warrior , now released , quickly dives through the event horizon , which collapses behind her .
tr	11	Nathan had fought to keep the thought just below the surface that his family might die slowly before his very eyes .
tr	9	Riesling felt it too , the screaming in his lungs for air .
tr	9	David turned to look at her face .
tr	5	""" Well , we ... we ... "" Serena furrows her eyebrows ."
tr	7	Harry chucked the first aid kit up the slope , then grabbed his gun case with both hands .
tr	11	John 's room was empty , too , so Bradley suggested that they waited .
tr	5	In the dark , she would pray .
tr	9	They emerged hungry and found a cold lunch buffet waiting for them .
tr	7	""" Now , Joseph , what is the meaning of all this ?"
tr	11	""" The guy on the radio said everyone thinks you 're dead . """
tr	7	All eyes were already on the door when it opened .
tr	7	The grove failed to appear .
tr	8	Miriam scowled as Mana left the room .
tr	7	""" Yes , I was just as terrified as you ."
tr	8	The more I thought of it however , the more this seemed a disadvantage than a boon .
tr	8	Back at Jimmy 's truck , Mark climbed into the cab , sitting in the front passenger seat .
tr	11	My lungs were screaming when I finally stopped near a bench and sucked in air , doubled over .
tr	7	The forest immediately enveloped him , not only with sights and sounds , but also with strange smells .
tr	9	~ The sound of motors faded as the boats moved further from shore .
tr	9	A coin lay at his feet , and he bent to pick it up .
tr	9	But the moment they left the fever once again swept through the group .
tr	11	Anna stared blankly , considering all he had said .
tr	8	Nothing can prepare a man or woman for such responsibility .
tr	9	He nodded and she proceeded to click away .
tr	11	How does a bird know when to fly away for the winter ?
tr	7	Virgil rushed to the fireplace and applied the poker and tongs .
tr	9	Will you help me show them round Cambridge ?
tr	8	"That 's as heroic as it gets , "" he said passionately , "" around here at least . """
tr	10	"Then he said what she never expected : "" I can see ."
tr	8	Now she was sweating and nearly as upset as the chicken .
tr	10	The apartment on the second floor was as dark as when we had left .
tr	11	She opened the little stove door with an oven mitt and wedged in another couple of sticks of wood .
tr	5	""" To the brave , there is no difference . """
tr	6	"Tek said the same thing , but he was a mental patient . """
tr	10	One of the men I grabbed just happened to be a midget .
tr	10	It was so good not to be spied on !
tr	7	""" Well , of course they do , "" VIN drunkenly replied accepting the umpteenth beer ."
tr	7	There were some five hundred odd names on it .
tr	10	Seconds ticked by as she acclimated her aura to the uninviting wilderness .
tr	8	""" I have found the will that your father left ."
tr	7	The tunnel was clear for the first ten feet .
tr	9	""" I 'll take care of it , "" she announced ."
tr	7	I can kick my feet , and I can move my arms .
tr	7	The group had no choice but take a trip through a dark and twisting alleyway .
tr	5	""" You 're the brother ? """
tr	8	We didn 't bother entering them .
tr	10	""" Honey , I 'm just worried that you 're working too hard ."
tr	9	"Sitting in the bar overlooking the first tee and the eighteenth green Harry said . """
tr	9	To a man , they referred to Fuchs as royalty , even though they all knew the truth about his disguise .
tr	6	Beneath the clouds , closer to the ground , dark twisters of burning ash rose in the wind .
tr	6	""" But - "" "" Go , "" Magnus said , a dangerous tone to his voice ."
tr	7	Everyone else is up for a review process based on their criminal convictions and behavior as a prisoner .
tr	6	Kevin slowed down and answered Mrs. Stark first .
tr	8	Mrs. Cabot was still unconscious in bed , but Mr. Cabot was there also then , standing over her .
tr	11	The Sergeant Major cleared his throat and began reading from another sheet of paper .
tr	10	""" First , tell me of the rumors you have heard ."
tr	10	as have those running for office .
tr	7	""" Maya , get to an escape pod , they are right down that hall ."
tr	8	Roberto fumed , clenching his fists and stepping forward .
tr	8	She knew it was wrong .
tr	10	Neil moved forward to take the cup of tea .
tr	8	"Consider this as part of your spy driver training module ! """
tr	8	Turning on his heels , leaving one slipper behind , he ran back into the sanctuary .
tr	6	For three hundred and sixty degrees , in every direction the foothills of the Blue Ridge spread out below them .
tr	10	But I didn 't even care anymore why Malcolm asked me on the date .
tr	8	In the morning , both horses had hobbled out into the surrounding pasture and the rain had stopped .
tr	5	And this year , as a crime scene , it technically didn 't yet exist .
tr	7	""" The tunnel actually extends about thirty feet into the neighbors ' property . """
tr	9	She lay motionless in the darkness , waiting for the awful sound to stop .
tr	8	"What is going on with Simon ? """
tr	8	It was covered in slobber , but it was there .
tr	8	""" We own this complex ; we own hundreds of these complexes . """
tr	8	""" Let 's get out of here . """
tr	7	Eben , Red , and Stella followed him across the way and up the slight slope toward the inn .
tr	9	His thoughts were interrupted by the approach of someone from behind him .
tr	6	Like at a discount garden store , flowers were everywhere , some real , some silk , some faded and plastic .
tr	7	He wasn 't knocked over , but it was a near thing .
tr	9	It felt good to relax my feet , the man 's nags pulling us along at a decent clip .
tr	10	And no efforts by the forces of darkness would be able to prevent this .
tr	11	Was it possible to change your way of thinking within a day ?
tr	9	He grabbed the camera and took several pictures of the girls , capturing their complete bliss , overflowing with pride .
tr	7	""" You can have it all . """
tr	7	"So with some trepidation he asked : "" Are you all here ? """
tr	8	She looked at the thing as if it were poison .
tr	10	Here is what is to come .
tr	11	His gray eyes searched my face , moving from my eyes and lingering on my lips .
tr	9	He did not mix well due to his abrasive personality and rudeness .
tr	8	"When he rose , he said , "" Devils , "" making it a curse ."
tr	8	A scar carved a jagged path from the corner of his right ear all the way down to his mouth .
tr	6	Around me was a flat desolate landscape , part desert and part wasteland .
tr	5	""" I mean , the guy 's a total cult leader ."
tr	9	Shortly after he finished eating , Babushka and Andre woke up and Lena served them .
tr	5	""" Good morning gentlemen , "" said Nathan ."
tr	9	He dashed out a short email describing the high points of his analysis .
tr	8	His rational thoughts leaving him for the moment , Ganondorf succumbs to the temptation and ventures another step closer .
tr	7	The question caught him off-guard , but the answer came surprisingly fast .
tr	11	Adele gulped , trying to bring her tears under control .
tr	11	The thought that I will be abandon on the beach , scared me .
tr	8	Your pledge has in part come to pass .
tr	7	""" You and your men will make a welcome addition to our force . """
tr	9	It was Drake who answered the disembodied voice .
tr	6	Alfred could see but no longer hear the action .
tr	11	He woke in a cell with four men in uniforms different from the mosque guards ' .
tr	8	Her sword was on the stair behind her .
tr	6	He gave a thumbs up , and we entered .
tr	7	The two men entered the side door of the Gordo 's .
tr	9	""" I 'm gon na kill you . """
tr	9	The young woman tried to use another spell but her strength was not enough .
tr	7	I stopped , my foot in midair .
tr	6	"There were too many broken bones . """
tr	11	This allows her pilot six seconds to direct her to her correct climb attitude and angle of atmospheric exit .
tr	11	""" Nah , "" she squealed shaking her head that her hair flew all around her head ."
tr	9	Once in the car , Whisper gave Agent 5D a map of Treviso and asked him to memorise it .
tr	11	said Franois who was close to them .
tr	11	""" When you 're strong enough , I 'll show you what to cast to bind yours to you ."
tr	6	At our speed , the transition between countryside and city was instantaneous .
tr	11	""" I think we should put the books in this , "" Daniel said ."
tr	8	He heard a snapping noise and the boy was free .
tr	9	Henrik 's eyes narrowed as he looked at Gunnar .
tr	9	Had enough to live forever .
tr	8	After the noise of the crash the place sounded quiet for a moment until my ears picked up the alarm again .
tr	9	""" I 'm telling you and I know I 'm right ."
tr	10	They now could only hear the voice of Black Scorpion as he talked with the Devil Spirit .
tr	10	When she had gotten herself put back together , Melody started wandering back downtown .
tr	10	Suddenly the suggestion he had made seemed almost ... he struggled to find the right word ... almost ... indecent !
tr	9	"asked Candice "" I can make sure he does ."
tr	6	So much for my 007 act .
tr	8	I grabbed a hold of Alita 's shoulder for support .
tr	8	""" I love her to much to leave her here . """
tr	10	What is strange is that they have no history of secular activism .
tr	11	- Are you sure you have nothing else to say ?
tr	6	I searched his face for any recognition .
tr	7	' Pick me up in twenty . '
tr	7	Only the bartender glanced up from his Us magazine and smiled .
tr	8	Surprising , searing fear flooded into his mind as Cade dove forward .
tr	11	""" So , if you were in our shoes , what would you recommend ? """
tr	9	They noisily entered the next tunnel and pretended to head on .
tr	10	' Come on fella , that 's enough . '
tr	11	He also knew that Billy was better connected than he thought .
tr	10	Ryan looked unhappy leaving Capitol Hill , but inside he was satisfied with two years of bartering .
tr	8	He could definitely feel his hair getting a bit drier .
tr	7	It 's a simple route from here .
tr	9	""" I 'm sure he 's fine . """
tr	6	She hated him for it .
tr	6	""" Yes , I think so , "" Emelia said , her arms shaking ."
tr	11	Johnny brightened as if having found a partner in crime .
tr	7	""" Maybe I deserve to die . """
tr	6	""" Captain , Blade is correct , "" Doctor Hartman replies over the speakers ."
tr	6	They , too , held rocks and rubble with a solemn look in their eyes .
tr	6	""" That 's the second close call this morning , "" he said to no one in particular ."
tr	7	""" This shouldn 't have happened , "" he says ."
tr	9	Thank you , weather gods , for giving me the perfect excuse .
tr	6	A moment later , an image of a tall , lean man floated into her head .
tr	10	He was going to take this guy 's head off .
tr	7	""" Or snapping my fingers , ' Miriam said ."
tr	10	""" Just tell the front desk Maria will pick them up later this evening ."
tr	9	""" What possible reason could he have for killing you ? """
tr	6	A new and dark awareness is awake inside of me .
tr	11	"You 'll never know if there 's flying creatures or four legged aliens . """
tr	8	Even a self-absorbed professor from the English Literature department could claim a seat and smirk to his heart 's content .
tr	8	Aloysius Fuchs looked the same as he had months before .
tr	10	It was followed by irate yells and the ricochet of bullets bouncing off the back of the Volvo .
tr	6	""" The elves release their magic , show their societies to the world , and there 's human panic and genocide ."
tr	7	The pinpoint accuracy of the punch , delivered with maximum ferocity , knocked the chubby kid out cold .
tr	6	And now the moon , full or not , causes your nocturnal affliction or your bizarre dreams .
tr	11	""" Ah , what are we doing here hiding out under the leaves and sitting in the muck like kindergartners ? """
tr	9	""" I can 't believe how long this room is , "" Melody said ."
tr	9	Seven released the pressure and his friend gasped in denied air .
tr	8	he said , with a look from the corner of his eye .
tr	6	Joshua made up his mind and called his two team leaders together .
tr	9	He insisted the information be held secret until the proper moment .
tr	9	""" The war with the WTR has ended , and a peace that I pray will last is secured ."
tr	9	It wasn 't much in the way of news .
tr	9	Taylor had some difficulty not to get impatient .
tr	10	   It was a clear day with brilliant sunlight .
tr	7	A moment later the little door closed and Tommy spotted the footprints returning .
tr	9	The coroner 's van pulled into the yard followed by the crime scene investigation unit .
tr	10	How heroic I am to fight you !
tr	10	She turned to lead them to the exit , but Sky remained as if stuck in quicksand .
tr	10	""" He would have made us slaves to the West !"
tr	7	""" Wake now , dear friend , the time is at hand ."
tr	5	"Let 's try and combine business and pleasure . """
tr	6	' Always mind your surroundings , ' came the brother 's unexpected answer in unison .
tr	11	"Do you know what scavenge means ? """
tr	11	From there they laid their plans to travel to the southern reaches of the Dream Valley .
tr	7	"That 's about it , "" Chris answered ."
tr	9	""" Bet you didn 't see that coming in 1962 . """
tr	7	At first glance one might call it a desert , but even that was far too healthy a title .
tr	10	Josie helped Jimmy set out the rest of the food .
tr	10	"I am so glad both of you are saved . """
tr	7	Eyes wide , I stumbled back on the cold stone floor and fell onto my bed .
tr	6	The late afternoon was perfect , the wind cool , and the salty air refreshing .
tr	7	She looked at us at the table , searched our heads and then frown lines creased her brow .
tr	11	Even way the hell out here , there 's a lot of lives to go around .
tr	7	Miriam shrugged and turned back to the window .
tr	11	They spoke of some sort of stirring within them .
tr	7	""" Why , what did you see ? """
tr	11	He didn 't want to squander it being unprepared .
tr	9	His voice was jocular but the words cut directly through to Claire 's groin .
tr	9	' You 're not saying it 's true ?
tr	9	He flipped down the newspaper and gave me the eye , suspicious that I even cared .
tr	9	The packet of drugs I found had a tiny imprint on the cellophane in one corner ... .
tr	6	Philosophy of Persia , Nobel Prize winners in mathematics and techno music .
tr	11	Perhaps if she knows how to find them , they could help us .
tr	9	Dane grabbed his arm and pulled him into the shelter of the bank .
tr	7	""" So perhaps it is a little uncomfortable ... "" Eda snorted ."
tr	7	Rodney sat in the back , his eyes wide with fear and his face bruised and bloody .
tr	9	She ate until she was full , the delicious food a welcome treat to her palate .
tr	10	The vision was somber that had taken her heart .
tr	6	He laughed , a deep belly laugh .
tr	10	"Now it 's your turn to learn something different . """
tr	10	We are a private company permitted by the state and the federal government to do business .
tr	7	I paused for some moments , only breathing .
tr	10	""" Captain I 'll be done in a couple of hours . """
tr	10	"I 've seen few men to equal you with a sword . """
tr	11	Nero nodded and Wang detonated the charge , blowing a circular hole in the roof of the building .
tr	9	He gave a fleeting glance then continued on to the other side .
tr	8	The land was too rich , the scents too crisp and clean to concentrate .
tr	7	If conditions are , right maybe , take the chopper and have a look around .
tr	9	""" I 'd never do that sort of thing , Sir "" "" Of course not , "" Mr Brown said ."
tr	6	It wasn 't her , she told herself over and over again , it was Sean .
tr	10	"Bad news -- you 're going over to bunk with Benjamin . """
tr	8	Again and again the two swords crossed in parries and flurries of blows .
tr	7	"Wouldn 't it be faster ? """
tr	9	In an instant he and Michael were also running under these wonderful shining droplets of rain .
tr	10	Sky turned as she reached the line of trees .
tr	9	I was on a roll , and there was no stopping me .
tr	11	I became a street kid sleeping in alleys and begging for food -- you know , normal childhood stuff .
tr	6	A young woman left the fortune teller 's shop with a worried look on her face .
tr	7	So you choose that , no harm done .
tr	10	I swore and shouted a warning as I raced for the exit .
tr	7	This is how we work .
tr	6	""" We weren ' after a prize , boy ."
tr	8	I trust you slept well .
tr	9	She took the medicine silently , draining half a bottle of water .
tr	11	""" Will you not indulge me with your company this night , my King ? """
tr	8	""" Did any of them make it inside ? """
tr	9	It was almost out of sight when the first lightning of the season struck .
tr	11	The giant looked her up and down , taking in her skinny , vegetarian 's body and her manly haircut .
tr	8	Of the many guns Ted had stockpiled in the house , this one was his favorite .
tr	9	""" Wolf Eyes , "" said the chief , "" there may have been other survivors or captives ."
tr	10	"I 'd also like to talk to ... "" Beau stopped suddenly and reddened ."
tr	7	""" He has a good heart , "" Francesca says , and her voice softens ."
tr	8	How did he get it done so fast ?
tr	6	Gabe catches my stare and smiles .
tr	9	"He smiled encouragingly and yelled , "" You 'll be Ok . """
tr	9	"Alejo winked again and then said a little louder , "" You did it ."
tr	7	Hot coals might not make her say so , but the understanding was in her .
tr	9	Leaning against the shelves , one could almost imagine it was sleeping .
tr	6	As he spoke , the statistics appeared in colorful displays all around the two reporters .
tr	9	""" You know what I still don 't get it ."
tr	10	The flutter in my chest had told me great things would happen today .
tr	7	I took the seat at the oak desk and studied the monitors on the wall .
tr	9	""" Let 's eat some of those pouch things ."
tr	6	""" But I am your Watcher -- "" he began ."
tr	5	""" The Council finally lost their minds ! """
tr	9	Simon and Steve , both balancing on the sides of their bikes , locked into close combat .
tr	7	Maybe they had mistaken him for someone else .
tr	5	' Here , kitty , ' I said self-consciously .
tr	5	""" No , I don 't , "" she said and then coughed ."
tr	10	"Chase began to spoke in a fretful tone , "" Speak . """
tr	9	Technical equipment , similar to that in the control centre , filled the chamber .
tr	9	The general stopped , and at last she followed his gaze to the four of them .
tr	8	A team of paramedics rushed onto the field as the ravenous crowd grew silent .
tr	7	Although tired we carried them weak and exhausted after the last encounter .
tr	7	""" I 've learned my lesson , and learned it well ."
tr	9	Link roars , thoroughly tired of the boy 's ceaseless attempts on both his , and Zelda 's lives .
tr	11	""" So , I believe you were asking me about my story , "" Ted began ."
tr	7	One of John 's dogs lay dead in her path .
tr	9	"We 'll stop off at Norwich to break the journey . """
tr	11	Extra points for the team who could name the double agent .
tr	8	""" If we had not been there that night , his son would live still ."
tr	8	Scott looked down at the little girl 's face and saw pleading there .
tr	6	It 's a very nice country .
tr	11	"Neither of those things is going to help us get off the planet . """
tr	5	""" But , you 're ... "" "" A foolish gossip ? """
tr	10	"She lowered her head , "" Sorry , I am glad you care ."
tr	11	"Guess that was his voice we just heard . """
tr	8	""" I 've another captive if we have more rope . """
tr	9	""" I am glad to hear that . """
tr	7	The poor chap even smiled to himself at this thought but immediately covered his mouth with his hand .
tr	5	So , the iodine is still there , fresh and stored .
tr	10	She thought she 'd be a kung fu master or something .
tr	7	With these simple words she slipped a plain wide band of silvery metal onto Taylor 's finger .
tr	10	Too many were of a similar size and shape and appeared to have unusually squared corners .
tr	6	Part I Road Town , capital of Tortola , British Virgin Islands , 1708 .
tr	9	But spies don 't stop in the middle of a mission because their fingers hurt .
tr	6	After a moment or two , Bethan 's face lost its rigidity and she took a deep breath .
tr	5	' Sometimes the obvious answer is the only answer . '
tr	6	"The wraith 's voice was still a whisper , "" I need your help . """
tr	10	While I searched for maps of the CNRS campus , Reid looked up the NCIC database and Interpol 's site .
tr	7	""" Who spoke of fear ? """
tr	10	""" I heard your dad is still out of work . """
tr	6	Air brakes deployed ... one second ... two seconds ... air brakes in .
tr	11	"He wouldn 't let something like that get out to the general public . """
tr	9	We need to cheer for Specter .
tr	6	""" As you command , Your Majesty , "" the minstrel finally responded in a deep voice ."
tr	9	She looks over at Aria , her eyes becoming glassy , her mouth agape and drizzling blood .
tr	11	""" Because I wanted to talk to you , "" it responded ."
tr	11	We stepped swiftly through the gaping frames , broken glass crunching loudly beneath our feet .
tr	8	ordered Jeff , a tank of a boy and the senior cadet on campus .
tr	10	He had been the one that climbed the vine .
tr	9	And the scotch he had been swilling wasn 't helping matters .
tr	9	"I think you should stay the whole time . """
tr	11	He turned and spoke to a young man who was waiting nearby .
tr	6	""" It 's all right , "" Mana said ."
tr	7	Then with sudden understanding , the dog let its protective instinct take over .
tr	6	"And then , I mean , John , you pretty much brought me back to life . """
tr	8	The old woman will tell him in a day or two .
tr	9	She seemed to be happy and relaxed .
tr	9	Listening to the puffing and groaning around him , he knew he wasn 't alone in his discomfort .
tr	7	The cowboy tipped his hat back on his head , and gave Matthew a doubtful look .
tr	9	""" What if the Brits tried to invade India now ? """
tr	7	He stands in a boxing ring , and two lions prowl behind him .
tr	9	What he saw was of over 30 men running towards them firing their weapons .
tr	10	These seemed to have some sort of fantasy about walking away from their situation .
tr	11	I gripped him tightly and dodged a further spray of bullets .
tr	7	The wool blanket covered worn , striped sheets , and she ripped back the covers and fell inside .
tr	7	""" We have to , "" Gabe says ."
tr	7	Blood streamed from her shoulder and Roberto gasped softly .
tr	9	To make matters worse , I didn 't bring enough food or water , so my energy reserves were pretty low .
tr	7	The driver saw Andy first and threw the car into a skid .
tr	9	Andy passed over a thermos flask of hot coffee and then a sandwich .
tr	6	Aren 't there any tourists around ?
tr	7	""" When I looked up they were standing there . """
tr	8	Then , without waiting for a response , the man vanished round the side of the house .
tr	8	her porcelain fingers glided from Elaina 's temple to her chin in a familiar caress .
tr	7	Furnace studied one corner of the desk .
tr	10	""" So who 's playing who ? """
tr	8	As far as Mason could tell , Kurt was traveling alone .
tr	7	From outside the boathouse came the sound of outboard motors .
tr	8	""" Oh my God , oh my God , oh my God ... "" "" Johnny ? """
tr	9	We moved silently aside as she crossed the threshold , her head cast down .
tr	11	Kaylie proclaimed as she sat down to take off her shoes and socks .
tr	8	For now , he sent his fox into the room , and he heard her yip of greeting .
tr	8	Adam turned to face her .
tr	6	Half a dozen cars behind the watcher keyed his mike again .
tr	10	Though Stu said little he seemed more regular Katherine thought .
tr	9	Matthew wondered what she meant by that .
tr	11	Rafe noted that Adele 's voice was roughened slightly and he heard Eda moan softly .
tr	8	Like so many other places I 'd visited recently , darkness swallowed us .
tr	7	He was leading the sheep by a rope .
tr	9	Then she said we would have a son .
tr	8	' I lied ' , I said , and suddenly the room was full of deaf people .
tr	7	Despite his violent nature , Joe could be a very patient and meticulous person .
tr	9	Her dark hair was dry and dishevelled , but that made her more appealing to him .
tr	11	He put down his beer as he decided to do a little detective work himself .
tr	10	""" Is that what I think it is ? """
tr	9	Neil rolled his eyes , but he couldn 't help grinning back .
tr	8	There was some caterwauling from one or two of the kids , but eventually the fisherman returned with four buckets .
tr	8	His pulse quickened at the thought of a magic softness shielding Earth Heart and its secrets .
tr	6	She and John met him in the frontcourt .
tr	11	After securing a small lunch from a nearby vendor , I walked along , avoiding all contact with those that remained .
tr	6	""" Don 't worry , I wouldn 't even try . """
tr	7	"You won 't be in any danger . """
tr	8	She squeezed his shoulder , gave him a quick kiss on the cheek , and rolled over to sleep .
tr	9	His throw carried it up and away , where it disappeared from sight .
tr	8	Her feet flailed and drummed on the Cherokee 's floor and one shoe fell off .
tr	9	He 'd spilt blood in God 's name and would do it again in an instant .
tr	6	"The cheap plastic melted , all the little components inside bubbled and the hard drive turned all black and warped . """
tr	7	The blade sank deep into the man 's back .
tr	10	Josie slid in next to Mark - much to Jimmy 's dismay .
tr	5	Neither his dreams nor the inflexible sleeping surface provided him any comfort .
tr	6	""" Half an inch , huh ?"
tr	5	""" With the freedom , with the strength and power , comes pain and sacrifice ."
tr	8	Therefore , I ran to my room crying the hell out .
tr	7	"Taylor surfaced from his contemplation , "" Oh , I 'm sorry , love ."
tr	9	He fumbled for his rifle as the crouching man fell onto his side , twitching but already dead .
tr	6	It was a small boy , probably no older than about six or seven .
tr	8	""" Don 't just stand there with your finger up your nose , boy ."
tr	6	""" See that trail past the last cabin ?"
tr	9	Why did he want -- ?
tr	7	I am weak with pain .
tr	10	To secure his own safety before lashing out in vile premeditation .
tr	10	"She needs to be put into justice ! """
tr	6	Apparently , she wasn 't asleep and she kept her breath in longer than before .
tr	11	My grandfather would have thought he dreamed it all .
tr	10	The sky was blackened by her very presence , just like the sky is around Lucien today .
tr	10	Her voice was tight and shaking with the effort to remain controlled .
tr	5	""" No but I took a space survival class ."
tr	11	An explosion rumbled loud above the winds and Pierre , who was the closest to the stairs , heard it first .
tr	5	Oh , yeah , he noticed me all right .
tr	9	""" Look at me , look what they did to me . """
tr	7	But at the same time , the moment is ripe for change .
tr	7	Or maybe it was more formal than that , Chris thought .
tr	9	We paid and they didn 't give what they promised .
tr	9	I had to keep moving .
tr	11	"I need to take care of mum first "" replied Simon after thinking about it for a while ."
tr	7	Jacob took a long sip of wine before speaking .
tr	11	They waited in silence for Lillian to lead them back into the darkness of the ceiling .
tr	10	"But I 'm going to keep the rifle handy . """
tr	6	Before the jump , Ted had his doubts , but he needn 't have .
tr	11	He got his wish when he went inside to get his money .
tr	5	""" Ah , yes , can I help you young man ? """
tr	10	' We heard what happened from the Bastian Hunters , ' he said gruffly when we walked through the doors .
tr	5	""" Wherever you went , it was not the Deeps . """
tr	10	It was only a small bag of rotten fish skin that he had hidden on his person .
tr	8	Running Ganondorf through with his sword etched his name into Hyrule 's history .
tr	9	* * * The hours lapse upon each other like large , slow waves .
tr	10	If suggested that it might not happen .
tr	8	""" Should we see if there 's any information ? """
tr	8	Malcolm didn 't look at me but mixed his paints .
tr	5	Copyright 2012 J. C. Allen All rights reserved .
tr	10	Suddenly his mind caught hold of the discussion going on about the electrical problem .
tr	5	A dirty , desperate tactic , but I had no other choice .
tr	9	The stag didn 't move at the sound of her voice .
tr	7	""" I don 't think so , "" Brand said ."
tr	9	Ellen stood and shrugged her left arm into her coat before switching the phone from her right hand .
tr	8	They hadn 't heard another voice for weeks .
tr	8	"Sorry , old habits die hard I guess . """
tr	9	Sitting under the glow of a spotlight , it dominated the room .
tr	8	"He just jumped on his wife and started ... "" Melody shuddered , "" eating her . """
tr	10	She had fallen on the bedroom floor , Mrs. Thompson 's gun and the phone close by .
tr	6	""" Only five percent and the wheels are bouncing off the ground . """
tr	8	""" Nothing 's going on with them , "" Simon said ."
tr	8	"Sampson slapped his hand down and snarled , "" They wouldn 't dare ! """
tr	11	"Don 't want to feel all sleepy during the exams next week . """
tr	10	""" Just let the club do the work and slow down , "" had been his advice , he should know ."
tr	8	No one got on the bus with her and there was no sudden activity in the traffic pattern .
tr	6	Without a cry , the man dropped to the floor .
tr	10	"Although I am currently unable to pinpoint their precise location . """
tr	10	To his horror he suddenly realised that his fingerprints were now all over them .
tr	7	""" I , er , look , let me give you my email address ."
tr	6	""" You don 't know the way back . """
tr	5	""" The two are not necessarily mutually exclusive , Countess . """
tr	10	Josie said , stepping in front of Jimmy .
tr	11	Some refused to be separated from their dead friends and had to be pried away by force .
tr	7	"Which reminds me , how much is he paying you ? """
tr	10	I can hear the faint hiss of the highway in the distance .
tr	7	""" Oh no , "" Trae murmured to himself , almost in sobbing tone ."
tr	8	""" You were saying ' Gabriel , take my hand ."
tr	9	Keep trying until I break ?
tr	6	His features were sharp and pointed , and his skin almost grey .
tr	9	The same man who had hit David set his gun aside and held David from behind .
tr	9	"Freeing her seemed right and the best way to harm them in one . """
tr	6	""" Here man , "" said Gardener , handing Jamie a pair of soft , leather work gloves ."
tr	9	Bullets flowed out of his gun like water from a hose and unleashed a wave of destruction .
tr	11	Alejo held out his hand as Mr. Cole reached forward to shake it firmly .
tr	5	Well , why are you there ?
tr	9	""" You 're the one I heard about ."
tr	8	To back out , I would lose all credibility , and all of my writings would become drivel .
tr	7	"Breaking into a run , she dashed out of the room , shouting , "" Virgil !"
tr	7	Josie began firing her pistol .
tr	9	The shadows began to appear one after another , chasing them in swift movements .
tr	11	He was excited that he could finally call it quits .
tr	9	"But wearing a suit would make me a target to petty thieves ! """
tr	6	Like Dr. Redding 's office , this area looked more like a large living room than a waiting room .
tr	6	"Without moving , she answered , "" I won 't , why not ? """
tr	7	This kind of behavior was very unusual for him , but he ran out of ideas .
tr	6	""" Okay , I 'm sorry , I 'll shut up now . """
tr	10	"Besides ... perhaps they aren 't willing to die just for you . """
tr	5	In fact , everything was now much , much worse !
tr	9	' You get us in there and I 'll have your baby , or maybe even two ' .
tr	8	He was massive for his breed , and sleek , powerful legs carried him onwards .
tr	11	Sam reached out and took back his cigarette , taking a drag while he thought through the briefing package .
tr	10	The Prince moved forward swiftly , kicking the man 's curved dagger away with his boot as he passed it .
tr	7	Beginning slowly , but gradually increasing its pace , a consistent flow of water works its way up Rift 's body .
tr	11	"It feels so good , sometimes I don 't even want to stop ever anymore at all . """
tr	10	I pressed into his warmth , but my thoughts stayed on the fact that I 'd gotten shot at twice .
tr	10	He had come home on leave after completing his basic training as a Paratrooper .
tr	10	Rand ran his hand over his head and , grasping a handful of hair , gave it a sharp tug .
tr	7	But you asked about the Werewolf story origin and it began the very same night .
tr	5	""" By the way , I 'm Mary . """
tr	10	Shannon looked like she wanted to laugh .
tr	8	""" We will go to palace and get it ."
tr	5	""" Oh ... my ... gosh ! """
tr	8	Even though the doctors had sent her home , she still looked exhausted .
tr	11	The water was clouded with blood leaking from the shapeshifter 's battered body .
tr	10	On either side of its fuselage , just aft of the parasol wing , the Catalina had a large glass bubble .
tr	9	Sarah stood up from the porch step where she had been sitting .
tr	6	This payment , in the end , caused all the problems .
tr	11	""" Having seen her I should say she will not disappoint in that duty . """
tr	8	All of a sudden the room reverberated with the sound of a shrill scream .
tr	6	Chapter Three The downpour continued into the next day .
tr	7	He lowered his seat into a comfortable position and closed his eyes .
tr	11	How would Foal know what 's happened to her ?
tr	6	On her high forehead , just below her hairline and above each eye , were two small , fleshy horns .
tr	7	""" Okay , then Sara , it 's your turn , "" Isis said as Sara smiled and Kara frowned ."
tr	8	There was a dagger on his high collar ... what did that mean ?
tr	11	""" I was afraid you 'd say that , "" he smiles , resuming his trek back into the temple ."
tr	10	But you and I both know we can 't fight Lance without magic .
tr	9	In Leeds train station before noon Amy stood by as Katherine hugged her mum .
tr	11	"Are you ready for al this ? """
tr	8	In every conceivable situation , an acceptable human form would add to the unit 's effectiveness .
tr	7	Instead , a core connection with the void showed her a world without chaos .
tr	9	""" By ' north ' what do you mean , Honduras , Guatemala ... where ? """
tr	5	he cried , his voice far too loud .
tr	8	""" Rise , "" he commands , eclipsing her in shadow beneath his massive frame ."
tr	8	They watched the radar as the second craft rapidly closed the distance .
tr	9	"He has a knack for weeding out the dead wood . """
tr	6	Not his favorite foods , he would admit , but they looked darn good right now .
tr	10	""" Do you need help with anything ? """
tr	6	Every now and again someone was killed .
tr	8	"I am of a noble house and deserve better . """
tr	10	""" I think the air down here has gotten to you . """
tr	9	In the nose of each of these bulges was a dark mass .
tr	10	I can 't think about any of this right now , she thought .
tr	5	""" ' Tis close enough ! """
tr	11	"You can find me at the camp when you are done with your frolicking . """
tr	8	Not past , but around her in a tight circle .
tr	7	Miriam picked up her pen again and sucked the cap thoughtfully .
tr	6	"I don 't know , he seemed a little dire about the whole thing . """
tr	11	"The name of the family that built this place , "" Daniel said ."
tr	11	""" Knew who Melissa was when she entered his office . """
tr	9	I saw several men , lawyers by their attire , arguing over some point .
tr	8	he asked into the microphone of his headset .
tr	9	He found the large man in the thick of frantic activity , and reported to him .
tr	11	Of course , he would have to do something about the warrior first .
tr	6	What kind of trouble could a pastry chef get into ?
tr	9	he asked Crane , looking over the girl 's shoulder skeptically .
tr	9	"You are celebrity but ... you must to be very careful . """
tr	9	The passage on the other side of the ventilation shaft extended another eighty feet before stopping at a rusty air-tight door .
tr	7	Toby stripped off his clothes and handed the accelerometer suit to 006 .
tr	11	"Kiara stated , in an attempt to cheer up Simon "" Thank you ."
tr	9	the old doctor asked , now warming to David a bit .
tr	9	That 's what 's so amazing ; they actually learned to be patient .
tr	10	Beau made a mental note to come back and lock up the keys and the fuel .
tr	9	They finished lunch and went through the rest of their classes .
tr	8	And corrupt Brand 's morals they did .
tr	7	Before the ceremony he approached Reggie and gave him the other quote he carried with him everywhere .
tr	8	""" Sorry sis , there have been a lot of changes ."
tr	9	Was it possible that they had been ... attached in some way ?
tr	5	""" It 's a nice bed . """
tr	6	""" Chalky 's wife is an awful cook , "" Archie said with a wry grin ."
tr	8	Reaching out , Chris grabbed his ankle and the boy put up no further resistance .
tr	11	The River now rolls like a flood Its waters turn from blue to blood .
tr	9	We had not had time to study it yet .
tr	10	"She 'd be proud to hear one such as you praise her . """
tr	8	Although she owned a few dresses , she generally opted to wear loose hemp pants and t-shirts instead .
tr	9	"It is hard to believe "" , said Whisper to himself ."
tr	10	She picked up the phone , already dialing Mason 's number as Jack walked away .
tr	9	The renegades managed to take over the living room and pushed us down into the basement .
tr	9	Its contests of swordplay and piety act as arbiters between us and help us find our leader .
tr	9	""" You know you killed a little girl during that last robbery ?"
tr	7	""" You brought me great joy as a young mother , but I must preserve my own livelihood ."
tr	7	Riki darted forward and shoved more food onto a dish .
tr	6	"My brother , your Archduke Phillip , has been murdered . """
tr	6	What a fool I was .
tr	6	""" We 're stronger and smarter ."
tr	9	Somewhere in the crowd , Ken Goodspeed was suddenly swamped by a pack of protestors .
tr	11	""" He 's gon na chase us out of the school , "" Sarah said ."
tr	9	"Just give me the box and we 'll get ya patched up . """
tr	10	"Glad to have you back and thanks for the visit . """
tr	9	"I 'd rather stay the night in a RAF base than in the desert , wouldn 't you ? """
tr	10	' Victor and I have both personally researched the extensive genealogy of the noble families of our two immortal societies .
tr	6	""" Papa will be fine , son . """
tr	7	Hopefully it wasn 't drugged with truth serum .
tr	9	They were swearing an oath of dedication to the Devil Spirit of the underworld .
tr	9	I think I 'll stick around all the same .
tr	8	I would be alone with my two sisters and our rather austere , disciplinarian of a mum .
tr	9	From time to time , he chuckled richly to himself , especially after singing a particularly nasty rhyme .
tr	6	""" However , you are immune , my Fuhrer , "" he said quickly ."
tr	7	The girl was dressed in a new black dress , despite her protests .
tr	10	Where 's the floor , your cupboards must be empty ? '
tr	7	Tuck was also not starting , and his anger at this was not hidden very well .
tr	7	In one of the smaller bedrooms ?
tr	7	Alex and Christy , I want you two to lead .
tr	11	"If it 's attached to a wall read it out loud , "" Tori said ."
tr	7	I was none of these .
tr	10	"I would like to show you a web . """
tr	7	I raised the blankets up to my nose and a slight smile grew on my face .
tr	10	Its tantalizing notes grow louder and louder , tingling down each nerve and building up heat in my hands .
tr	8	""" You should , no one 's reported either man missing "" replied Vivian ."
tr	11	Someone had managed to light the lamp above the woodstove .
tr	8	As Finan spoke he was pulling his sword free of its sheath .
tr	7	"Robinson replied with a grin , "" Just us mates , here , "" she said with a wink ."
tr	7	""" That takes us down to the sea , I believe . """
tr	8	""" If you care about you life , then I suggest you to obey . """
tr	9	He didn 't get an answer but heard the paper bags being pulled out .
tr	11	That was the Carter McCord that Ethan had expected to meet .
tr	11	It was something I had forgotten on purpose .
tr	9	I had to get his nose out of the newspaper .
tr	10	""" But I thought were a young debutante at the very least !"
tr	9	Moving to an ideal spot in the clearing , Link stares at the ocarina for a nostalgic moment .
tr	9	""" Of course , "" Daniel said and picked up two of Tori 's bags ."
tr	11	David asked , unsure if his Ivy League alma mater wouldn 't raise even more suspicion .
tr	6	Eventually the tears ceased and life once more penetrated the tight group .
tr	6	"You stupid bitch , I 'll kill you here ! """
tr	11	All Claire wanted to do was find a quiet corner , get out her iPad , and write .
tr	11	""" I thought you wanted to head south ."
tr	8	Captain Erik moved to open it .
tr	11	They looked at each other and realizing there was no way out , reluctantly agreed .
tr	7	His hair was longish and he didn 't look pleasant .
tr	6	"Changing the subject , he asked , "" So , are you a doctor ? """
tr	9	With each step he felt assured that it had been all a test .
tr	7	This person was no servant ; he looked every bit the warrior .
tr	8	"Cause other than a pretty light show , we aren 't doing much out here . """
tr	10	She had said help would find him .
tr	7	It was the smell of freedom .
tr	6	""" He will hate me . """
tr	7	The conversation was becoming a little too complicated , too difficult .
tr	11	That evening they decided to go to a local restaurant for a relaxing dinner .
tr	10	""" I understand from my chamber boy that I will not be served any meals ? """
tr	6	In the more adult life , it is called a cold shower .
tr	6	""" Eda , look ; the rain has stopped and there is even a little sunshine ! """
tr	11	"I 'm heading to his office after I get off the phone with you . """
tr	10	Simon sat numb with grief eating away within him like a cancer .
tr	7	She scowled , her sensations a tangle of conflicting emotions .
tr	6	"It was gruesome to behold , as sparks really leapt neatly out of its little black eyes . """
tr	9	"It seems plausible that they might follow us further . """
tr	11	"I think I have just the right place for Hailey to move her family . """
tr	5	This time , I raised my cup and toasted , ' To yesterday . '
tr	8	""" You 've had a pleasant night 's rest , I take it ? """
tr	8	But part of her well caved in and she can 't repair it on her own .
tr	7	Gabriel was a godsend to Walter .
tr	5	""" Blah blah blah , rebellion , blah blah blah , let 's fight back ."
tr	8	There was little sense in simply reversing the leash .
tr	11	That was all she could say to me ?
tr	10	It was so low the windows of the car vibrated and rattled in their frames .
tr	8	Behind him Tyler wreaks havoc with the rear particle canon , cutting into bulkheads and controls randomly .
tr	9	Except for keeping Zoe happy .
tr	10	Where was his unknown ally , the one that had covered him ?
tr	8	""" I had noticed , and I am glad of it . """
tr	10	""" We created a weapon that would cripple our own power supply ?"
tr	11	""" Was there suppose to be more of you , "" he asked ."
tr	8	The thin boy looked rather nervous when he saw the assembled company .
tr	10	Why do they follow us if they mean us no harm ?
tr	7	The transformation continued , the giant 's huge body turning red , swelling , growing scales .
tr	9	Riki gave her another huge whack and flashed Neil a brave , if somewhat watery grin .
tr	11	"There was no other land on which to build the bridge supports . """
tr	6	He nodded and grabbed Debbie , Kyle , and Sydney , and ran .
tr	9	She turned to look up at him .
tr	8	As he ran , he looked down at the palm of his hand .
tr	9	"printed on it and announced in big letters , "" Nothing is more important than that I feel good ! """
tr	10	Teel had started crying as she spoke .
tr	7	""" Right ... "" Jimmy said , nodding his head slowly ."
tr	8	"Anna considered her answer a moment before answering , "" Four . """
tr	5	Nothing garish , not like those bright parrot tulips you got the other day .
tr	9	If they 're smart they 'll all park out on the street ... . .
tr	5	A fourth , and then a fifth explosion rattled The Aurora .
tr	9	I hope we don 't bring him any trouble .
tr	8	I hope the flag doesn 't flutter .
tr	10	Deadly shards filled the air when it separated from the hinges and struck the wall of the stairwell .
tr	7	""" Yeah , but the dance is in four days , "" Stacy said ."
tr	5	""" Lars , you are the driver . """
tr	9	The words floated , hovering nearby , but I couldn 't quite catch them to speak .
tr	10	' I 'm disappointed you 've not had more press interest .
tr	11	"Top of that ... it 's those damn army wives , have to be nice I suppose . """
tr	11	""" Well ... it was almost like he was runnin ' from the devil himself . """
tr	5	And the dragon gave the beast his own power and throne and great authority .
tr	10	I had no doubt that serving under Jim and Herb would round off any remaining rough edges .
tr	7	The ones you think should stay in the wild ?
tr	8	""" I 'm sorry ... "" "" We were broken into last night !"
tr	8	While the mate was doing that , the captain addressed the bridge .
tr	8	He and Dominic stood in place while the others filed out .
tr	8	The landscape was flat and muted like a sepia photograph .
tr	8	""" They said Santa Claus is awake !"
tr	10	"Want to tell me what this is all about ? """
tr	6	In here , with him , there were no problems ; there were no worries or fears .
tr	7	"Mariam starts slowly , "" The only thing our desperate times did was add more and more babies to their clan ."
tr	6	""" He 'll be just peachy . """
tr	7	""" Well , these weeks past ... one of the women in town , she ... she 's a witch . """
tr	6	After a few moments , the message bearer drew a deep breath and started his tale .
tr	5	""" But in other ways , the ways that matter , no ."
tr	9	As he was dying he had managed to get out a war cry .
tr	6	""" Your plan won 't work , "" Lance declares confidently ."
tr	8	The Prince nodded and turned to go .
tr	8	They walked out of the hotel room and were immediately escorted at a distance .
tr	10	""" Why don 't I find that hard to believe ?"
tr	6	""" Everybody in the car , "" Mrs. Collins yelled from outside ."
tr	7	"Or maybe it was a dare of some sort . """
tr	6	Her last words to her mother had been a promise .
tr	11	""" I was starting to become fond of her ."
tr	6	A different kiss from last night , not a passionate , groping kiss , but a beautiful tender kiss .
tr	7	He shouted , kicking wildly .
tr	9	One of the drivers slowed down slightly to take in the little scene .
tr	9	""" Is that any way to treat a lady ? """
tr	9	""" Do you believe in the wind ? """
tr	11	It had collapsed into itself creating a pile of blackened timbers and ash .
tr	11	He laughed like he thought I was stupid .
tr	8	If only he could have helped deliver a couple of kicks to the suspect .
tr	6	What can be so terrible ?
tr	10	"Guy goes off to pee in the woods , doesn 't come back out . """
tr	8	He goes where he wants , he does what he wants and he takes what he wants .
tr	10	""" Mother , you sound as if you were in the last century ! """
tr	11	"Do you have any idea why ? """
tr	9	He cautiously looked around ; all was quiet , except for the moans of the wounded .
tr	8	Sweat ran down Neil 's face into the loose collar of his tunic .
tr	10	"Elaina cried , "" I won 't leave him to those men , I can save him ! """
tr	5	The handgun , a .38 snub nose , loaded , was very much a surprise .
tr	7	Nathan arrived early , shook hands , and talked to old friends .
tr	11	King Ine was looking disturbed , his eyes troubled , and a droop to his shoulders that worried Lord Brogan .
tr	8	The hammock swayed with the gentle movements of the ocean .
tr	9	' The kind of news that requires several stiff drinks ? '
tr	9	Going to make us scream ?
tr	10	One tried to touch her but she slapped him playfully and chuckled when he took his hand away sheepishly .
tr	7	The Hunter licked his lips and paused for breath .
tr	8	She did not mind so she waited .
tr	10	""" You will not try to get up , will you , Finan ? """
tr	9	"I hope you 're recovering nicely ? """
tr	10	I wish I had thought of that .
tr	9	""" Get a good rest on top of the door and squeeze the trigger slowly and smoothly ."
tr	8	When he got to the end , he let go of her hand and dove into the water on a whim .
tr	6	She flinched in pain , sniffing .
tr	11	I need to contact the CDC in Perth and brief them on the situation .
tr	7	"Despite his recklessness ... "" He peered around the boy 's thick glowing hair , seeking out his eyes ."
tr	9	"However , remember what I said to you earlier . """
tr	8	All told , we had been the butt of the whole ordeal .
tr	8	I will remember all my life that horror episode .
tr	7	Standards had slipped , he 'd ranted , and the acting head teacher was responsible .
tr	11	The doctor continued to ramble through an array of statistics and trivia .
tr	6	It was there -- and then , well , yes , it wasn 't .
tr	9	Every couple of months , the staff were sent down the mountain for a few days to clear their heads .
tr	8	""" Do you have -- "" "" Yeah ."
tr	8	Ever vigilant , safety catches off , they walked towards the ruins of the Longhouse .
tr	7	At the bottom of the well , maybe fifty feet down , the pale green glow of the grate shimmered .
tr	7	""" My wife speaks of you fondly , "" Harald said ."
tr	9	In the back of his mind was a hoarded fantasy of cities frozen in time .
tr	6	His head fall forward and he let out a long , slow sigh .
tr	8	""" If you do not take Hilda , "" Gunnar said , "" then I will serve you half-heartedly ."
tr	10	I don 't blame him because most of me didn 't .
tr	9	Dave and Rob reached the cellar of the stone cottage and struggled to open the trapdoor .
tr	9	They were long and contained an artful memory of King Martin , as well as a passionate haranguing of the Faith .
tr	6	""" So , you just had tea and a pleasant chat with a major demon ? """
tr	11	Sally shrugged -- she didn 't believe Preston had just pegged it .
tr	8	In order to avoid any unnecessary unpleasantness I suggest you answer my questions quickly and truthfully .
tr	9	Josie also was wondering what to do .
tr	10	Harald snapped his head toward her with bared teeth , his eyes filled with rage .
tr	8	"My end is at least twenty grand for the four plus any expenses of course . """
tr	6	""" Can we talk about it on the road ? """
tr	7	' I swear to God , I didn 't know .
tr	10	This was as close as he had ever seen his old friend to genuine fear .
tr	6	""" I mean , I can 't do anything well ."
tr	9	I voted to keep going .
tr	10	she asked , already knowing why we were there .
tr	6	Melody 's scent and Ted 's movement had stimulated the zombie .
tr	10	""" You were being groomed to become Commander ."
tr	7	All my dreams of college , becoming a rock star , and someday baking the perfect chocolate chip cookie disappeared .
tr	8	""" I hate when people do that . """
tr	10	"This hotel is funny about keeping things private . """
tr	10	""" Fear is not an emotion to be disparaged , it breeds a dangerous power ."
tr	5	A large , expensive white vanity table took up the opposite corner .
tr	9	My son will confront them then , with the entire tribe to witness .
tr	11	I knew I needed to shut Dexter up .
tr	5	Mind and heart racing , Kali eased off the sofa .
tr	7	Blaming someone with a brain tumour would do nothing but cast her as the evil sister .
tr	8	No-one had yet got out of the Mercedes-Benz and I couldn 't see inside the vehicle .
tr	8	At our feet was an old stone well with no water inside .
tr	7	"That makes about eight points this season , you score fifty every week ! """
tr	10	"So are you sneaking past security and onto my private channel for another free show ? """
tr	5	In the firelight , the little children 's eyes grew wide .
tr	10	It never bothered the older man in the slightest , and the younger knew better than to mention it .
tr	6	""" We can wait a bit then . """
tr	5	""" What 've you got ? """
tr	6	Grabbing the pup , she dried off his feet , removed her boots , and cleaned up the floor .
tr	9	Seth moved the receiver away from his ear , holding it to his chest and clearing his throat before answering .
tr	8	He raised his mouth in a half smile , and his green eyes regained some of their sparkle .
tr	9	No wonder Ruth is always complaining about being skint .
tr	5	""" My sweet , sweet Dagmar , "" he said softly , seductively ."
tr	10	They had been out in the mountains for twenty two days , but this was the coldest night by far .
tr	8	What 's more , a new treaty was being formulated with the Austrian Empire .
tr	10	""" Mr. President , there are a few organizations out there advocating the use of airships to get into orbit ."
tr	10	Simon asked , quickly realising that they were both injured .
tr	7	The injection worked in coordination with an Imp , and Mac didn 't have an Imp .
tr	9	"Not a great time to be looking for paid employment . """
tr	10	""" I am pretty sure you can roll this back ."
tr	6	""" Abby , can you put those glasses on the table ?"
tr	7	"The woman , peering at him for a few further moments , volunteered succinctly , "" Name 's Betsy Wilkerson ."
tr	7	"At least do it for once in the life time ... At least for me . """
tr	9	"Anyone caught engaging in such activity will be fined heavily . """
tr	8	As they leapt up rocky cliffs and ascended steep inclines , Brand occasionally thought of running away .
tr	5	""" Well , his son and somebody else just drove away ."
tr	9	He pulled a cell phone out of his jean pocket and punched in the number for Manuel , holding his breath .
tr	10	The man plodded into the camp , past tents filled with sleeping teenagers .
tr	9	She is the sweetest woman you can ever imagine .
tr	8	"I don 't know , she just seemed so into it , "" Jon said by way of excuse ."
tr	6	The answer to that question turned a corner and came down the street a few minutes later .
tr	9	"He will fight me and when he does , it will be the end of him ! """
tr	5	""" I love you too , Laurence Mill . """
tr	11	He had hoped she would have forgotten that .
tr	8	""" Well , all right then but let 's go there in invisible mode . """
tr	10	If he was right , the consequences would be grave , not that it would change anything .
tr	5	""" Aria , the great , the famous , the WHORE !"
tr	9	For a moment there was no reaction , the two Exiles staring incredulously at the Prince .
tr	11	The only things that mattered to them were the make believe things in their mind .
tr	8	He returned within minutes and settled in the driver 's seat .
tr	8	She saw that he loved her .
tr	8	"By the way , hell of a kid you have there ! """
tr	10	"What took you so long to come to town ? """
tr	10	It was difficult , because Marina refused to move .
tr	6	It was haunting and frightening , Courtney Cole 9 With My Last Breath , Book Three a desolate , barren place .
tr	7	Reaching in he drew out a short bamboo tube .
tr	10	the Vampire I 'd heard so much about but never met replied .
tr	10	Adele continued to watch him , her expression the same .
tr	5	"In the latter , however , it 's a "" Major Good . """
tr	8	It 's hard to explain .
tr	11	"If there 's a tie there 'll be sudden death like last time , gorgeous day for it . """
tr	11	Praying for guidance , for relief from pain , for hope that her boy was alive .
tr	6	Together : May the Lord be with you !
tr	6	""" Okay , okay , just give me a minute , "" responded Beau ."
tr	6	Jumping up swiftly , I grabbed Paul up and maneuvered a few yards away .
tr	6	My voice sounded weak and raspy even to my own ears .
tr	11	Three Baskets designated that tomorrow morning would be the time for Red Talon to come by her house .
tr	8	He pulled off the cardboard box to reveal a military looked ammunition box .
tr	8	Luminous eyes blink , curious at my plight .
tr	9	""" At least you 've answered one question for me , "" she said ."
tr	10	First , they found out how to get to Peter .
tr	7	The bay window is painted black by the night sky .
tr	10	""" Looks like we have a small puncture in the transverse colon ."
tr	8	She heard their cries of agony , their grief and their pled for mercy .
tr	9	I remembered the fear in Mom 's eyes when she talked to me at the Eiffel Tower .
tr	9	"I don 't want to say this twice . """
tr	10	""" Wolf Eyes , I knew you would come back , "" she said ."
tr	11	At least it was warmer on the plain that it had been in the mountains .
tr	11	""" You can 't scan this and determine what 's inside can you ?"
tr	7	I hook my arm in his and swing him around roughly .
tr	7	After an hour passed , the ceremony was concluded and a proud servant of The Shimmering One lay dead .
tr	10	Edwin grinned as he realised what Stubby meant .
tr	9	Bryony continued to point at Stubby .
tr	10	Claire looked around but couldn 't see anything to explain the noise .
tr	9	He scribbled a name and address on the label and stuffed it into the pouch on the front of the envelope .
tr	8	It would have to do .
tr	9	It meant he was in trouble .
tr	10	"How good is she going to be in combat ? """
tr	9	""" Anything to set my lady 's mind at rest . """
tr	9	The challenges you will face will be great , and the loss even greater .
tr	6	""" In my hair , in my office , in my desk , in my face , in my way ."
tr	7	The day had come to an end .
tr	10	' But first , we have to consider the small matter of logistics . '
tr	10	I got there to find the being waiting for me .
tr	7	The silver tabby crouched low on all fours and arched its back in a threatening pose .
tr	8	The bloody man keeps the staff running to and fro , carrying meals and fetching books .
tr	8	"I don 't expect we did . """
tr	8	Like he wanted to kill someone .
tr	8	""" I 'm gon na win ."
tr	7	Valerie is greeted by silence .
tr	10	Navi calls , growing even more concerned about her companion 's state of mind .
tr	9	It would soon be time for them to leave .
tr	11	I 'll give you something else to think about , see the swing set behind those trees ?
tr	10	' That still doesn 't change the fact that you 're a jackass , ' said Reid .
tr	6	Rising , I drew out my own blade and looked about once more .
tr	9	She slung her backpack over her shoulder , hopped on her bike , and sped off to practice .
tr	5	Did Rick Walker , professional womanizer , just profess his love ?
tr	9	"How exactly do you propose to reverse this whole situation anyway ? """
tr	11	He stood and began to pace the length of the Hall restlessly .
tr	8	Everything had to be perfect .
tr	10	I had to stop doubting him .
tr	5	""" As long as it 's my lucky day too . """
tr	5	And even then , there was no proof .
tr	11	Susan decided she liked this even less than Creepy Distracted Stare At The Monitors Jacobs .
tr	7	' We like a laugh but there 's a time and a place . '
tr	8	We are the best of the best , che .
tr	7	""" What on earth happened to you ? """
tr	11	It seemed they entered into a world of the dead .
tr	7	It had weighed heavily on his mind .
tr	8	An eerie sense of premonition crept into the back of my mind .
tr	11	""" Do you want to see her again ? """
tr	9	""" After Grand captured you , tortured you , why would he just let you go ? """
tr	9	Forced to face him , Claire saw his hand held out in greeting .
tr	10	It was gum , all right , the same flavor he had been chewing .
tr	7	""" Show him in Paddy , "" said Mason ."
tr	5	His skin , hair , and teeth were all the same unpleasant yellow .
tr	6	At that moment , Mike reached his door and hauled on the handle .
tr	6	What do I tell him ?
tr	5	~ ~ * ~ ~ The day was a long , long one .
tr	6	He dropped like a stone through the air , directly toward the straining telepath .
tr	8	Selecting a bottle of apple juice out of the collection , he carefully lowered the basket back into the pit .
tr	9	Lance sends forth his power while gritting his teeth and laughing insanely .
tr	7	For once in my life I 'm not acting .
tr	9	""" We 're going to find it together ."
tr	7	The troops flew through the door and raced down the hallway .
tr	6	""" Well , ' fought ' isn 't quite the right word , "" the priest said , sighing ."
tr	8	Loving her subtle sense of humor , Rift fakes a step forward .
tr	5	"So , yes , asshole , I 'm goddam sure . """
tr	9	But when the war ended , Ivan decided to return to teaching .
tr	6	right in this very pub , drugs , guns , girls , boys ... ... anything .
tr	6	"Barton said , "" Maybe , but right now it doesn 't matter ."
tr	6	I could not blame her .
tr	7	Child after child wrapped in bony arms and drug down into the earth .
tr	8	That was one of my few blank answers but I should have got that .
tr	7	And what would her parents say of this sudden marriage ?
tr	7	The sun broke across the mountains and washed the sky with a brilliant hue .
tr	7	Maybe she 'd land on her feet .
tr	11	I blinked and coughed dirt out of my mouth before looking around slowly .
tr	10	This wasn 't going to be blog material .
tr	10	A shower of sparks shot through her skull as Alejo grabbed her hair and tilted her face upward towards his .
tr	11	Hang the cost , get er done ; petroleum was expensive when it was first introduced into the marketplace .
tr	8	""" We should go , "" I said , looking at the watch ."
tr	10	Harry gestured with one hand while holding Laura with the other .
tr	9	"Where is it you 're heading ? """
tr	8	""" Arise , "" he growls , staring daggers at the woman ."
tr	9	She was apparently unaware of the dramatic tension in the room .
tr	8	As far as Taylor could see there were no women present .
tr	11	Please tell Zoe we care about her , and our grandchild .
tr	6	He 's moving - he 's moving ... well , you better come and see .
tr	7	Then the priority would be regaining health .
tr	7	' Of course he 's not his bloody horse , Missile is mine , got it ?
tr	10	He knew there was more to this .
tr	11	"I can see this is not the way of the Northlands . """
tr	10	""" I 'm all ears , "" said William , draining his Scotch , then standing to pour another ."
tr	11	The company seems to be concerned about terrorist incursions but more the possibility of kidnap .
tr	9	' It doesn 't appear on any maps of the area .
tr	9	""" By the time they know we 're here , there 'll be fewer . """
tr	7	""" Killing her , killing us , killing the king !"
tr	6	""" Open it and see . """
tr	10	Brazen 's little sister was dead , caught in the crossfire of rival gang activity two blocks from home .
tr	9	However , I still had a lot to do tonight .
tr	8	""" We should have gone with him ! """
tr	6	""" My partner and I stopped by your condo an hour or so ago . """
tr	11	Mark knew he had to say something .
tr	7	""" Finan , please ; she has brought you this far ."
tr	8	"I thought , "" she pauses , her breathing becoming more and more sporadic ."
tr	6	"Anna simply glared at him , "" Fine ! """
tr	8	I haven 't felt her presence for some time now .
tr	9	""" You know as well as I do , "" said Andy ."
tr	8	Harald demanded as he knocked aside another quick cut .
tr	10	The Prince of Ravens realized with a spike of fear that he was being toyed with .
tr	8	""" You know , Mark , maybe my company can have a great benefit from this . """
tr	8	""" Why are you making so much worries , Abby ?"
tr	9	""" I think we 'll be okay ."
tr	7	I see right through you Nathaniel .
tr	9	Mercifully , his mind shut down as he collapsed to the floor .
tr	7	""" After all this time . """
tr	7	He sheathed the blade and started toward the door at a jog .
tr	10	You , my young braves , see that it was a fight to the death .
tr	10	""" You have something that belongs to my employer ."
tr	7	""" Oooh , must be precious , "" the woman said ."
tr	10	They stayed there for a long while , waiting for the changing of the guard .
tr	11	That 's all we had to do .
tr	8	She reached her left hand out and felt up and down the bark of the tree .
tr	6	Through blank and pallor faces , some stared out into nothingness as shock deadened reality .
tr	6	' Point taken ' , change of subject .
tr	9	Another couple and their bored looking teenage son were doing some window shopping outside one of the galleries .
tr	7	After they left Tori took out her phone and dialed her dad 's number .
tr	10	The emitter timer sounds at almost the same instant his calculations are complete .
tr	6	Roast turkey , a separate pan of walnut stuffing , bread pudding .
tr	5	Later , in our bedroom , Henry and I didn 't speak .
tr	11	Hailey recognized the sound of a small body being dragged deeper through interior passages .
tr	7	Gavin spoke to her again , this time louder and closer .
tr	8	I 'll talk with Joseph , hear his next move , reconvene with you two , and go on from there .
tr	6	His second smiled and continued with the conversation .
tr	8	He would be a good husband to her .
tr	10	But we believe we 're better than our demo . '
tr	9	Ted thought he must be hallucinating .
tr	11	The gypsy strode into the bedroom and threw back the door where it crashed into the wall with a bang .
tr	10	Miriam whispered something that was too quiet for the governess to hear .
tr	11	Before any of them had a chance to speak , a single shot rang out , then another .
tr	9	The thought was cold even while the words made his blood hot .
tr	9	"He will take care of you , "" his father informed him ."
tr	10	The Roosevelt Island was a splash of autumnal red and yellows against the dark waters of the Potomac River below .
tr	9	He was afraid to touch her .
tr	10	He sat on a bench , towel over his shoulders , listening to the crowd roaring .
tr	9	""" This just happens to be the late Archduke 's special friend . """
tr	7	Kevin took two water buckets to the lake and filled them up .
tr	5	""" No , "" Rick waved her off ."
tr	8	The metal was cold and he felt the chill of naked metal against his skin .
tr	11	Suppose we ought to invite him over ?
tr	10	"A murmured exchange followed , during which the word "" procedure "" was repeated several times in German ."
tr	8	""" And thank God for the trees , or the moonlight would have given me away . """
tr	6	Instead , he grabbed her hand , pulled her in , and claimed her lips .
tr	9	He decided the bare truth would work best .
tr	9	She was feminine , full of light and laughter but at the same time she could be a real tomboy .
tr	8	All in all his face was , she thought , very expressive .
tr	9	to his escaping companions and to those still running and jumping crazily who didn 't have sense enough to run away .
tr	6	""" I am officially giving my resignation ."
tr	6	In human form again , Sadie made her way cautiously down toward the main floor .
tr	9	He was sure she wasn 't OK .
tr	10	They had emerged from the belt of leaves , and stared down into the lower reaches of the forest .
tr	8	""" This is where you found her ? """
tr	7	The best misdirection always had a grain of truth in it .
tr	10	""" Sorry , "" she repeated flatly , tears rolling down her face , "" You didn 't look sorry ."
tr	9	I 'll have to remember that one .
tr	10	I was pretty certain Zeal would harbour no such concerns .
tr	6	"he asked curious and callously , "" Hopefully it 's deadly ."
tr	9	Reid cursed as he slammed into the door .
tr	11	""" I 'm sure they did send attendants , and that something happened to them . """
tr	9	replied Giorgio , surprised that such a question came from his friend .
tr	8	There was complete silence , except for Jake 's growl .
tr	6	He studied the small , pudgy Major Pan , his little hands , his appeasing voice , his benevolent smile .
tr	7	She gave him another angelic smile and tipped his chin up with one cool fingertip .
tr	11	Ed shouldered his way past to see Burt and Hank wrestling on the ground .
tr	8	The enemy 's legs were weakening , and he began to stumble .
tr	10	The keep was built over several .
tr	6	His eyes were cold , his face was relaxed , his arms did not tremble .
tr	8	The Turks were nearly frightened to death and immediately leaped from the boat into the water .
tr	8	Logan cried out , blood flowing from the wound .
tr	7	We 'll see about that .
tr	7	Then , embarrassed at last , he looked around sheepishly and fell silent .
tr	7	So far , Sebastian didn 't have any long-term girlfriend and his relationships were not deep .
tr	9	However it had happened , most looked as if they still wore clothes from the donation bin .
tr	8	And I think I will follow .
tr	9	""" How many times you going to practice that one line , anyway ?"
tr	9	She said you would save me .
tr	7	Any similarity to real persons , living or dead , is coincidental and not intended by the author .
tr	10	A text message sent to all military personnel flashed on Mac 's Imp .
tr	5	Behind me , through my open window , I heard a bum singing drunkenly .
tr	11	I don 't remember ever pretending to be a bride .
tr	5	And near the fireplace , there was a blackened armchair .
tr	9	Hailey jumped to the ground from the planter and turned to look back .
tr	11	A dim glow surfaces upon turning a corner , a torch , freshly lit but barely burning .
tr	5	""" He loves it . """
tr	5	""" Yes , they also eat oats , straw , carrots and apples . """
tr	6	""" I suppose so , "" the governess replied ."
tr	11	Because she hadn 't expected it to be here .
tr	5	""" But he never came , Mom . """
tr	7	An expensive looking microscope was off to one side .
tr	7	Neil felt a bolt of excitement shoot through him .
tr	9	""" What is the best way to get there ? """
tr	6	""" So , why doesn 't our car work in Ireland ? """
tr	11	The second SUV swung around the smashed up vehicle with a sharp squeal of tires .
tr	11	They came at me and I ran at them , and all was silent save the sound of us running .
tr	9	"No other religion has a god who gives grace . """
tr	7	He was conserving his energy , but his breathing sounded controlled and even .
tr	6	Any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , business establishments , events or locales is entirely coincidental .
tr	6	' Oh , it really is you , ' said a sharp voice behind her .
tr	10	What kind of father would I be to leave my girl in their hands ?
tr	6	The piece was ancient , massive , and profoundly thick .
tr	7	""" The Vault of Echoes has failed , its guarded secrets loosed upon the world ."
tr	9	""" How the years have gotten away from me , "" she sighs , remembering her early childhood ."
tr	6	' Doesn 't look all that special to me , but then I ain 't a geography man .
tr	7	With a moderate climate and good soils , western Oregon became the center of population for the large state .
tr	7	"The Angel replied : "" The gondola is itself an Angel . """
tr	8	It 's Rafferty ... . .
tr	10	It was dry , however , where she was sitting , and Neil squatted beside her .
tr	10	"You deserve a beautiful lady young as yourself , healthy and scarce of years . """
tr	7	I unbolted the metal cover , moved it aside silently and peered carefully out of the hole .
tr	9	I don 't care what day it is , two cold beers .
tr	8	""" The tests from yesterday show the swelling is down ."
tr	5	""" I know , but ... "" "" Besides , I can 't ."
tr	6	From beyond the blast door came a strange skittering noise .
tr	8	""" Mike Donovan said he was the village school teacher . """
tr	11	""" We 're headed home , to be with family , "" said Nathan ."
tr	8	"Something you could have written a brief on and faxed to me "" ."
tr	8	""" Think how proud your father would be ! """
tr	8	He hadn 't touched her in months but she didn 't really mind that .
tr	8	They insisted I stay overnight .
tr	7	""" Bring it to the bench , "" ordered the judge ."
tr	10	The happiest of these men stood erect at the bow of Clem Johnson 's fishing boat .
tr	7	The little girl grabbed at it and pushed it back down .
tr	7	"I heard an interesting question this morning on the way to class , "" he nodded at Christy ."
tr	9	Trying to calm myself , I took a long moment to breathe the crisp air around us .
tr	7	He fought tears of his own .
tr	8	The leather cover had a scaly feel to it , and the front was etched with weird , angular symbols .
tr	6	""" I need this more than you . """
tr	8	"He waved a salute and said , "" name 's Charlie . """
tr	10	I nodded , pretending to be grateful .
tr	9	Followed by the time that the same stranger arrogantly threatened him at the hospital .
tr	7	Friedrich nodded briefly as he approached .
tr	5	And the Angel gave them both an enigmatic smile .
tr	7	I put my gray duffle bag on the bed nearest to the window and unzip it , curious of its contents .
tr	10	""" Forgive me if I don 't ask for seconds . """
tr	7	Curling into a defensive position , he stares at the Queen with timid eyes .
tr	11	It would be close enough to get to easily .
tr	11	""" I can 't believe the government has a telepath - and a sorceress , "" Josie said ."
tr	9	Kai tried to ease himself off the table .
tr	6	"Colby popped open the glove compartment , removed the oversized hand gun and slid out the door . """
tr	6	It wasn 't too big or too small .
tr	8	A ghost to tell his address , where he lived .
tr	8	For hours she heard only the nylon scrape of her feathers as the shifting wind tweaked her graceful wings .
tr	11	Beyond the transparent walls , lights glowed and winked on instruments sitting atop the work surfaces of a lab .
tr	6	"But then there is Ishmael , our boss . """
tr	7	Beside the stairs for the next floor , was in the left side and a brown dirty carpet on the floor .
tr	8	"I can put a smile on your very face , "" the man rants with a chipper tone ."
tr	7	The remaining Death Dealers engaged and peppered their foe with small arms fire .
tr	10	The noise were deafening that Sofia can barely hear her .
tr	7	' We 'll deal with Marcus later .
tr	10	We entered the candlelit interior ; it was like stepping back in time .
tr	6	Captain le Roux came to the couple with questioning brows .
tr	9	"He looked at Miriam again and asked , "" And who might you two be ? """
tr	8	He had friends there , and he would have been told .
tr	10	That they had to avoid certain things , like direct cannon fire or anti-tank rockets .
tr	10	""" It 's about your plans to end your pregnancy . """
tr	10	Being a teenager , he loved the attention it drew from young girls his age .
tr	10	We 've been getting along pretty good since I last wrote you .
tr	8	I leaned close , whispering into his undamaged ear .
tr	9	"Wait ; is it just me or do those look a little familiar ? """
tr	10	How am I to manage it , would you please inform me of that , Mrs. Williams ?
tr	5	""" But I can - "" "" Clearly , you can 't . """
tr	11	For her part , Mercedes rushed forward and hugged Logan , whose face broke into a wide grin at her touch .
tr	5	' Yes they can , ' Ding Dong told him .
tr	7	I gather up my clothes and escape to the bathroom .
tr	9	I frowned as I stared at the black chopper landing on the lawn .
tr	8	The curtains were drawn and the lights were off behind the large French windows on the second floor .
tr	7	She glanced up at them , with their glowing , tanned , skin and happy smiles , and felt ancient .
tr	10	He let this proceed for a good two minutes before weighing in .
tr	10	Johnnie wished he had a rifle with him .
tr	11	I found it hard to argue with that point .
tr	6	' Yes , yes ; she drove off -- I was too late . '
tr	9	""" She thinks you 're stalking her ."
tr	8	He spots the dead rabbit sprawled on the floor .
tr	9	""" If it is a greater power than that , our mission is in grave danger indeed . """
tr	8	Andy was shocked by Archie 's outburst .
tr	11	She hoped there wouldn 't be more than one or two knowledgeable helpers .
tr	6	""" Traveller , can we really win this war ? """
tr	7	"With your troubles , do you have any luggage ? """
tr	6	He thought dejectedly , but there is no other choice .
tr	10	""" I thought they would execute you , "" Brand said ."
tr	9	Which , of course made sense , because only he could see the illusion .
tr	6	""" Um , no , I 'm not a Legacy , "" Scarlett lied ."
tr	8	Minister Drake stood in the middle of the chaos awaiting our arrival .
tr	8	""" Honestly , "" she answered , "" I 'm just looking around , killing some time ."
tr	8	"But your desire to help the child was like an immediate summons for us . """
tr	7	At the entrance of the ship , Atticus squished his body inside a drainage vent .
tr	6	""" Gema ... it 's me George ."
tr	10	Hailey had always been the best of jumpers in her family .
tr	7	No , there 's no way around it .
tr	8	""" Come on , there isn 't much daylight this far north at this time of year ."
tr	10	After a few minutes she came out and ran to Anubis House screaming from excitement .
tr	8	Questions poured through her , bringing her back to reality .
tr	10	"Is it going to live ? """
tr	9	He would be awake when she got back .
tr	6	""" Of course , I am , "" snapped the little girl with offence ."
tr	7	He crossed to the stone and put a hand on it .
tr	8	""" I knew this 'd happen ."
tr	7	""" The crowd seemed less than pleased about today 's address . """
tr	9	"She will make you suffer for your crimes against us ! """
tr	10	""" Okay , that 's where I 'm coming up with the problem ."
tr	8	At least that 's what she told herself .
tr	11	For keeping all of this from me .
tr	6	""" The matter is delicate , "" he replied ."
tr	10	The variety of dishes that were served was fantastic .
tr	5	Jimmy 's gray shirt was rumpled and sweaty .
tr	9	I walked all over the house and the yard calling for everyone by name , but no one answered .
tr	7	""" No , son , just a man who has walked the path and understands much more . """
tr	10	""" Damned glad we got a four by four , "" Steve chuckled as they bounced across a small hill ."
tr	11	Jane didn 't seem to have heard Bryony 's confession .
tr	10	Indeed , Fate itself had predicted the situation , though the result certainly remained to interpretation .
tr	7	""" Especially if you are a wanted man "" Sheena added ."
tr	5	The driver handed the old man a small box .
tr	7	Harold unconsciously reached up and rubbed the patch and then smiled at Nathan .
tr	5	""" Okay , sure why not , "" I say ."
tr	8	I 've memorized most of my history textbook .
tr	8	"A dark red , fairly new , Chevy Impala , "" All we 're missing are the dogs . """
tr	9	A man in all black stepped forward and grabbed him around the neck with one enormous hand .
tr	6	He didn 't say anything .
tr	6	Danger is so close and they don 't know .
tr	8	"You thought I would not know ? """
tr	11	So why would he have turned to Rafe for help ?
tr	11	""" How ' ya going to light it ? """
tr	10	""" I think that he sounds like a most unusual and interesting person . """
tr	10	She had to go to sleep .
tr	8	"What 's it gon na be ? """
tr	8	Several figures staggered out in a billow of black smoke .
tr	5	""" Come on , Reynolds , have a little imagination ."
tr	8	The sugary smells made me feel sick .
tr	11	"It could have been them who attacked us . """
tr	9	"We need to get moving . """
tr	8	Does she resent having steel when she has the pillars ?
tr	11	""" It wouldn 't be right to name names , "" he said with an air of casual dignity ."
tr	8	""" They salvaged the wreckage of our fleet , "" Aria replies with surprised disbelief ."
tr	11	""" We should have tried to get everyone out of the park last night . """
tr	8	He knew that they had him .
tr	9	He wondered if David 's soldiers were fairing as well .
tr	10	He felt suddenly that a whole area of his education had been passed over .
tr	5	""" Neither are books . """
tr	6	""" Did you find anything else ? """
tr	6	He picked up another sandwich and bit into it .
tr	7	It slowed down , backfired like a shot , and stopped right past the gate .
tr	7	And Otto I 'd met once or twice at court functions .
tr	7	His face was flushed from the cold .
tr	8	I decided to follow him .
tr	6	""" Many reasons , love , magic , adventure ... , "" the old man could not finish his sentence ."
tr	8	The business transaction had been profitable to both parties .
tr	10	Flaherty shook his head to clear it and felt himself being hauled roughly to his feet .
tr	7	Their mutilated bodies were often found within days .
tr	10	Heard what I wanted to hear .
tr	5	Lord Brogan looked his lost foster son over slowly .
tr	11	It would roast the girl and the meddling agent , then see how the man of stone and water liked fire .
tr	8	She was still there , facing the wall , huddled inside the long sleeves of her black sweater .
tr	7	I followed him , out of sight , one morning .
tr	8	He follows the trail to the windy and rainy city of Manchester .
tr	9	The hermit heaved the door back in place , cursing the lot of them under his breath .
tr	7	Jacobs slowly pushed himself to his feet his lower lip quivering .
tr	11	She sits in her chair and starts typing onto her keyboard , presumably to start a trace .
tr	9	He roams the streets of his small town like a living god .
tr	11	Raymond gripped it in his hand as he crawled to make an attack .
tr	6	"They don 't exist , only the solutions do . """
tr	9	""" He tried to rape me , "" she finished ."
tr	5	""" Why can 't we ride ? """
tr	10	Chapter XIV Eva moved the pistol back and forth , aiming the barrel at each guard in turn .
tr	8	""" They 'd hardly understand the delicate nature of our Concern ."
tr	10	"Fortunately for your father , freelancing work did make him a lot of money . """
tr	6	Not even a second later she heard a ping from the nightstand next to her .
tr	7	""" That 'd do the trick but we don 't . """
tr	7	"Don 't forget the cookout Sunday afternoon and for your information , there will be real beef steaks ! """
tr	10	He wanted him to beg him to reconsider .
tr	8	She came closer , opening herself to him .
tr	7	I 'd been through the wringer .
tr	10	Nothing 's going to happen to you now , ok .
tr	8	He stared at her over the blazing Orb in confusion .
tr	5	""" Hello , Inspector , gentlemen , the crime scene guys are almost done ."
tr	11	It 's not permanent and can be removed once the crisis is over .
tr	6	First off , her skirt was constricting -- she missed leggings .
tr	7	""" Cross my palm with silver my beauties and I will tell you your fortunes . """
tr	7	I said harshly , stilling his hand .
tr	11	I need to find the courage he has .
tr	7	The twit looked surprised , but flashed him a smile .
tr	8	Din , peerless in strength and will , relishes in the concept of power .
tr	10	"I did learn to fly and was going to take the test ! """
tr	9	I closed it back in the case and shoved it to the bottom of the box .
tr	11	"If the weather is nice we 'll be able to go to the beach . """
tr	7	Her eyes held a hint of fear .
tr	5	""" Like us , "" his mother said ."
tr	6	In a bowl , I combined some ketchup , horseradish sauce , garlic powder , lemon juice and Worcestershire sauce .
tr	9	""" How pleasant to see you ."
tr	7	He heard the back door slam and quickly went back to his room .
tr	8	It was a small three-pronged dart , made of steel with blackened tips .
tr	8	You ought to visit sometime .
tr	11	"I 've never been anything but a puppet in Olmec 's hands . """
tr	6	Normally the temperature in the house was hot and dry , but not tonight .
tr	6	Outside the box , Chris rolled his eyes and shook his head .
tr	10	Do a Filomena shook her head slowly , thin gray braids scratching her worn sweater .
tr	5	Lots of pink among the girls .
tr	7	"I was that knight , "" he reveals , the statement radiating regret and remorse ."
tr	7	- You know , I always celebrated Easter with my sister and we prepared everything together .
tr	11	""" You be the first to strike the cloth in quite some time . """
tr	6	""" Snipers , "" someone yelled and all the troops dropped into their holes ."
tr	7	That way if there is a problem I can deal with it now .
tr	11	""" Are you qualified to operate that station ? """
tr	6	"So , you see , it 's more than friends . """
tr	8	""" At the moment , we must make do with hired rooms . """
tr	10	She never met her parents but she still thanked them for risking their lives for her .
tr	7	Fire licking up the insides of my bones ... .
tr	8	The shade moved back and forth in the breeze , hitting the windowsill and making a slight click each time .
tr	8	"At this point , I think we 're all insane . """
tr	10	With willing hands and no threat of detection to slow us , we worked feverishly .
tr	10	I watch the scar move as he speaks .
tr	6	"Only God can ... "" The old hermit casts his eyes downward ."
tr	7	Stalin set her backpack down on a flat rock by the stream , and then motioned to Gabriel .
tr	11	Kylie turned to see who 'd spoken .
tr	11	Matthew excuses himself and goes to the truck for a big bottle of bleach .
tr	6	she sang and reached for the empty food basket .
tr	10	""" I think you did a good job , son , "" the officer stated ."
tr	7	""" We will be in unfamiliar terrain ."
tr	10	The most notable thing about him though was the short knife he held in the other hand .
tr	8	' Why have you never spoken of this before ?
tr	7	There was a pause and another puff of smoke wafted their way .
tr	10	"Col said , "" She died the night after Gan was born ."
tr	11	Long ago Adele had decided that Lord Rafe must be a rather shy man .
tr	7	""" And what if one of us breaks something ?"
tr	7	Nathan again decided not to lie .
tr	9	Chapter 5 Do I See a C-5 Galaxy Over There ?
tr	11	It was that which had puzzled him , and Rand 's explanation made everything clear .
tr	8	Get hold of him on his mobile ... ... he might need a hand .
tr	9	"Are you familiar with it ? """
tr	9	With a tired groan , the driver shifted into gear and pulled back into the never-ending flow of traffic .
tr	6	""" It would be too late . """
tr	9	""" These hills ... did you notice how small they are ? """
tr	8	In under a minute , it was just Josie , Mark , an unconscious Jimmy and twelve men in black .
tr	9	""" I 'll persuade the prisoner to talk ."
tr	11	However possible it is , there 's very little chance they 'll find us again .
tr	9	""" My people tell me that the NRA website has crashed , "" she continued as the President nodded ."
tr	6	""" The branch ... , "" I whispered , "" it 's pierced his chest . """
tr	6	A full second later , a new sensor in the lobby reported his arrival .
tr	10	I walk away with my hand in the air waving goodbye .
tr	7	""" That will not be necessary , "" she intoned ."
tr	8	The two guards with the giant 's body wheeled it out .
tr	7	""" Losers at life don 't get rewards , "" she had told him ."
tr	6	""" "" Coons die , dogs die , all things livin ' got a time and a place ."
tr	11	""" You 'll find out just how real if you stick around much longer , kid . """
tr	6	The bear and coyote are with her .
tr	7	There 's been no sun today or the day before that .
tr	7	""" I 'm so sorry , "" I mumbled , then rushed past him ."
tr	7	Political machinations , bad investments , war , and other factors had led to their downfall .
tr	8	"There had to be something more to convince those first settlers . """
tr	10	The number was barely above the statistical average , but it was enough to draw her eye .
tr	6	Picking up the data pad , he queued up the audio file .
tr	10	""" No , Nathan , if you do that they 'll just feel like broken toys ."
tr	7	She turned away and a brief glimpse of the man popped into her head again .
tr	9	I sprinted down it and up the small set of stairs .
tr	10	He thinks the Empress , the Tyrant of Lucia , is the only solution .
tr	8	""" See how easily this pulls away ?"
tr	9	Josie lay unmoving in her tent , listening .
tr	11	"Are you planning on going inside ? """
tr	8	I thanked the two Poles for their help , slipped them a tenner , and then got behind the wheel .
tr	5	Ryan cold and dead and alone .
tr	8	This place was larger than I originally thought .
tr	10	' Would you care to elaborate on that ? '
tr	6	""" Your claim , while formerly sound , is no longer obviously factual ."
tr	7	That also ... ' He pointed to the bow and arrow protruding from Spike 's bag .
tr	7	Before he made the final push , he reached into his pockets and cuffed her hands with shiny metal .
tr	7	""" Maybe somebody 's poaching out of season ."
tr	7	Not now but within a few days we would be attending her funeral .
tr	10	You could presumably never die , ' Reid had argued with his customary logic when I told him this .
tr	11	She said all she could see was violet . '
tr	8	"I can 't remember anyone to call . """
tr	11	"Do you want to go ? """
tr	10	""" Glad to see both of you . """
tr	9	She stepped into the hall , certain that he would follow her .
tr	11	"You don 't even know what I 'm talking about "" Stephanie hissed ."
tr	5	She was his prisoner , right ?
tr	8	The river and streams were high as the spring runoff had begun .
tr	7	Marching directly at him , Dark Link 's enigmatic style baffles both Rift and Mai .
tr	9	To see if he 's following .
tr	7	And so , like a market outside a Roman fort , over time all of these appeared .
tr	11	There was corroborating evidence of sorts for his explanation , and it did make sense .
tr	8	The people who took it changed .
tr	9	She knew Miss Julie was also a first born .
tr	5	Please , Stella , I really need your help this time .
tr	7	They focused on their beloved idol and their own safety .
tr	7	A shiver ran down my spine for the second time that day .
tr	8	The recently collected rocks kept it from falling over .
tr	8	""" Are we done here ? """
tr	7	Danny looked at her but she shook her head ; message received , message understood .
tr	10	They both became very thirsty and needed to get out of the hot sun .
tr	7	It was too late , the floor beneath his feet vanished and yet he did not fall .
tr	10	When a situation of turmoil presents itself , you look to people of authority for support and guidance .
tr	11	So they shun us as those who turned their back on the land .
tr	10	They had no choice but to obey my father 's command .
tr	8	she said with as much enthusiasm as she could fake .
tr	9	The possibility of being kidnapped and tortured obviously added a new dimension to the projects .
tr	6	""" Be there in twenty minutes , "" he stated , and with a click he was gone ."
tr	7	To the left , taking cover behind a makeshift barricade , were Victor , Anatole and a dozen Bastian Hunters .
tr	8	Even though at times he 'd freak me out , I still loved my brother Eden .
tr	8	The shelves were lined with everything from Robert Burns and Oscar Wilde to H.G. Wells and William Shakespeare .
tr	7	""" But I honestly can 't ... "" Simon lost interest in the conversation ."
tr	7	"The crystal should not fall into the wrong hands . """
tr	10	God is with you , for ' God smiles on all men , but smiles on the righteous man twice . '
tr	9	Rivers would erupt from bare rock , cutting an army in two .
tr	10	""" Vivien ... neither Kate or I have seen or heard from you in over 20 years ."
tr	7	Her lips pressed together , but her eyes stayed on the road .
tr	9	But it took us some time to come to that place .
tr	6	For all his privilege and nice hair and confident shoulders , he was no better than me .
tr	10	"We would rest there when we played in the harbor . """
tr	9	At last , at last he was starting to get somewhere !
tr	8	He chuckled , the sound trembling through her and she clenched her fists as he continued .
tr	11	Roberto was so relieved that he grabbed her body in a fierce embrace , kissing the ice-cold face with desperate kisses .
tr	7	""" What an excellent question , one I have asked myself constantly over the years ."
tr	9	He felt the danger of their plan hum in his blood .
tr	11	But Osiris kept them coming until I quieted down to a chuckle .
tr	10	""" Well , I guess I 'm not as reckless as you are . """
tr	11	He didn 't know what to think about that .
tr	5	""" Yeah , well , parents aren 't guaranteed . """
tr	10	""" I can see the bonfire , "" Melanie stated , but she made no move to get up ."
tr	10	""" I 'd bet you a day 's water that they came from home ."
tr	6	On the first day , he cried -- but this was not uncommon .
tr	6	' Look , I wouldn 't go that far .
tr	7	"Turn off the engine and keep that rifle handy . """
tr	8	The insistent buzzing of the intercom on her bedside table brought Jen out of her sleep .
tr	8	""" Of course , dear fellow , "" Virgil said , sloshing liquid into his own glass ."
tr	10	I would have done nothing different with one of my own .
tr	6	With these thoughts , he walked the short distance from the Palace to the Tower .
tr	10	Old Claw might have an idea how to unlock the script .
tr	9	They nodded and he counted down with three of his fingers .
tr	7	Its long arms stretched out and plucked the screaming man up and lifted him up to its mouth .
tr	11	That 's all you have to say ?
tr	5	""" Was it ... "" she stopped herself ."
tr	6	The last known location of the Black Fossil was in Central Europe sometime .
tr	9	He turned away , surveying the place for any probable danger .
tr	7	Then they heard movement to their right and the RPD opened up again .
tr	9	When Gabe speaks again , his voice is so low I almost miss his words .
tr	8	There was nothing for us to say .
tr	8	""" Yes that 's true ; at least it has been till now . """
tr	8	Your father chose it on his name day , when he turned eighteen .
tr	7	""" Why does Grand even care about me ? """
tr	7	Then he looked down and watched his chest wounds silently heal .
tr	9	""" Just needed to talk to a friend . """
tr	11	They reached an opening where several huts stood close by with a larger one in the middle .
tr	8	"His playing became less zealous , and more frazzled , when suddenly , "" POP ! """
tr	10	As he started to climb the ridge , the motor sounds stopped .
tr	10	You have to keep pressing on .
tr	11	I think we all need some rest , probably Mike more than anyone .
tr	7	""" Please forgive me , Theo , but you were about to faint . """
tr	10	He cleared his throat , and Zoe braced for the rebut she expected .
tr	7	"Now he is all wrapped up like a present . """
tr	8	' Pay till the end of the agreement , ' Calvin said without missing a beat .
tr	6	I wandered back and forth in the dark common room .
tr	11	"Do you want me to demonstrate ? """
tr	9	She flicks her wrist , sending out just the slightest tinge of energy .
tr	10	Then there were teammates that retaliated for a team member .
tr	11	Although plans were hush hush so as not to arouse more scavenging , Lucas himself was in the loop .
tr	9	It looks clean , about 300 yards in front of your crater .
tr	8	"You can learn how everything works . """
tr	9	He watched the fiery trail run slowly up the dune .
tr	6	""" And when did you see him last ? """
tr	11	She used the time for trying on different clothes for this .
tr	7	She caught her breath , then slid from the bed and made her way to the bathroom .
tr	10	""" It looks like this morning he sent you out to get eaten ."
tr	6	I 'm not antisocial ; I rather enjoy a stimulating conversation .
tr	9	What it all comes down to is that they 're stupid , and we 're not .
tr	11	He touched Taylor 's shoulder to let him know that he was ready .
tr	11	""" I 'd say you have it figured out just fine . """
tr	5	First a very loud , keening , almost static like sound filled the air .
tr	6	"Bloody Japanese , "" he muttered under his breath through clenched teeth ."
tr	7	The boy drew back slowly with Stephanie and the former cardinal took painful steps towards them both .
tr	9	""" Well don 't get used to the idea , "" said David , "" it won 't last too long ."
tr	7	Saladin lives near Detroit with his wife and twin children .
tr	6	' I need some passports for him , amongst other things . '
tr	11	Reggie couldn 't get a feel for the number of people there , but it seemed to be rather large .
tr	11	The barrier sensed no dark presence on the creature that it let the bird passed through .
tr	8	No one asked about that and Des checked his watch and suggested the band head to makeup .
tr	9	Snow Job was wondering aloud as much as he was asking .
tr	11	"I 'd like to address everyone in town if I could . """
tr	9	""" Doctor , how are you feeling ? """
tr	5	"You , Rhys , Galen , Frost , and who ? """
tr	9	"And if they don 't , I 've fielded a dozen other requests , with more coming in daily . """
tr	7	""" You are a king , and a proud , noble beast . """
tr	7	And then a stupid looking boy sheepishly walked across the space and sat next to the skinny woman .
tr	11	""" Is that my hairbrush you 're using ? """
tr	6	"She gave a tremulous heartfelt smile , "" Merci , Monsieur . """
tr	5	"In difficult times , in dark times , some people shine . """
tr	7	Unspoken words filled the silence between us .
tr	9	The jeweller sat down and reached over to his bottle of wine .
tr	7	A dark emanation flowed out of it : malice , anger , bitterness .
tr	11	By late afternoon the sun began to slip behind the mountains as they days grew shorter .
tr	8	Already descending at the halfway mark , he hears Mai call out to him .
tr	7	""" What 's going on ? """
tr	5	And Rhi 's panic and anger together were not a good thing .
tr	9	There was a large , black , metal cylinder on the south side of the garage .
tr	8	And then the cousins heard a language very similar to their own Bulgarian .
tr	6	""" Those puffy little clouds coming up there , "" Marie starts a sentence , and trails off ."
tr	7	A moment ago the place was miles and miles off , now it 's almost in my face .
tr	11	For endless seconds he remained silent until he felt Adele 's soft hand cover his own .
tr	5	"At the Heaps Open , "" Marcia told the black Heap door ."
tr	5	Brown hair , brown eyes , medium looks , medium height , medium build .
tr	7	I understand it now , but as a baby , it was beyond my comprehension .
tr	5	Arcadia 's receptionist was a bright woman , always smiling .
tr	5	""" You remember him then ? """
tr	6	He caught my wrist inches from his belly .
tr	6	He switched off the motor and got out .
tr	11	""" I 've grown used to not feeling lonely . """
tr	6	Even back in the golden time , dragons vied for power against the different races .
tr	7	""" Yeah , me too , it 's so isolated , but so close to town ... "" Kaylie agreed ."
tr	10	"Course by then , the crew had taken the ship an ' Sykes was the new captain . """
tr	7	""" I don 't like this place , "" he asserts , shuddering briefly ."
tr	9	Here , another man came over to make his acquaintance with her .
tr	9	Then I used the diner 's toilets to freshen up .
tr	8	"Honey , what 's wrong , are you ok ? """
tr	5	' Hello , Mikael , ' I said coldly .
tr	10	They stumbled and felt their way around the corner then flattened themselves against the rock wall and waited .
tr	10	Sighing at the meager proposal , Link decides they are wasting time with such childish endeavors .
tr	6	It was all just a bubble , a dome , a fake and a fraud .
tr	8	"In a manner of speaking , this burden , and my life , have been chosen for me . """
tr	6	' So it seems , ' said Faramir , slowly and very softly , with a strange smile .
tr	9	There was more to the Tate person than the awful destructiveness of her weapon , he was sure .
tr	8	""" You can wait 20 seconds , "" she replied , dragging him by the hand through the kitchen ."
tr	9	""" You were telling the truth , "" the Prince said blankly , "" they were trying to kill me . """
tr	9	He seemed to be enjoying this .
tr	10	How stupid could she be that she had believed his lies !
tr	8	"Why were you on my ship in the first place ? """
tr	11	It didn 't take long for my imagination to kick in .
tr	10	The other was someone she loved named Scott .
tr	11	Who would leave an injured man in the desert to die ?
tr	6	' If he did , he never told me of them . '
tr	8	""" Your bitch has killed one of my men ! """
tr	9	He could feel the dogs ' attention riveted on the door .
tr	11	"It is now clear to me that the goal was to abduct the representative . """
tr	8	Wounded Eagle saw this , and his heart began to jump .
tr	10	Amy glanced towards her flatmates and smiled at Calvin who watched .
tr	9	OK this is getting out of hand for a simple case of mistaken identity .
tr	8	""" Jim asked , "" Ready to resume command sir . """
tr	7	""" I 'm going straight to the Roman Empire ! """
tr	6	As they climbed , the tree swayed back and forth from their weight .
tr	7	I am happy for you both , honestly .
tr	8	Ellen opened the driver 's door and looked inside ; the keys were in the ignition .
tr	9	Maybe we would 've dated and gone to the movies or for ice cream .
tr	9	The laughter was directed at Mr. Fleece Hat instead of me now .
tr	7	"And ... they know where all your families live . """
tr	7	I twisted at my torso , back and forth , and there was no longer any pain .
tr	8	""" I 've heard of the Anasazi , "" Jan brightened ."
tr	8	Charlie said , as he gave the jeweller a vicious shake .
tr	7	""" Let 's get out of here quick , I will explain everything on the way . """
tr	6	It became flat and monotone , void of any feeling or emotion .
tr	11	He was truly sober for once which was rather surprising .
tr	10	Red Talon was anxious to get back and to see Three Baskets .
tr	9	""" Rumors are elves still do ."
tr	6	He rubbed the red marks on his wrists from the ties .
tr	9	The shapeshifter walked to the rear of the small two-door , and opened the trunk .
tr	9	The display was of the administrative receptionist 's area from 007 's perspective .
tr	10	It seemed to him that he stood there an eternity , and in truth his wait was rather lengthy .
tr	9	But you didn 't know that for sure , did you ?
tr	10	She was trying to be quiet , but cooking with heavy metal pans over the fire simply wasn 't quiet .
tr	8	And that meant clearing out of the city .
tr	10	""" Are you aware of evidence beyond what was discovered at Oxford ? """
tr	6	Ten days later , David still hadn 't come back .
tr	6	The angels tug on the leashes .
tr	8	""" Neil , are you still thinking about food ? """
tr	10	It was the generally accepted way of things and now was no time to start experimenting .
tr	10	I 'd love to have smashed his face in .
tr	11	She hesitated a second , wondering it was the proper time , and then finally spoke her mind .
tr	9	No smoke from the chimney and it was certainly cold enough to warrant a fire .
tr	11	It was going to be a hell of a fight .
tr	6	All seventy-five of his fired shots had found their target .
tr	11	There 's something I need to do .
tr	9	""" I understand what you are saying , but I am not sure where we are headed ."
tr	10	""" Next time tell someone you 're leaving , though ."
tr	7	When he approached the animal the horse responded in like fashion .
tr	8	As she made her way back from the roof , Delilah 's unease and confusion turned to anger .
tr	7	He didn 't realize Thane 's motives .
tr	6	"* "" Interesting sort of bloke ."
tr	11	I wasn 't going to get through to her , so I turned my attention to Tork .
tr	8	""" Talking to you is a waste of my time , "" Dagger declares ."
tr	10	""" You will send that governess to me instantly , do you hear ? """
tr	8	""" We have now achieved one reentry from 300,000 feet ."
tr	8	He bandaged them with strips of his shirt under much protest from her .
tr	6	I returned the nod , threw my ceremonial robe off , and raised my staff .
tr	8	If this was an alien ship , and the war was real , he would be under attack by now .
tr	8	David asked , looking about the store .
tr	9	As he opened one of the huge doors , Neil nearly tripped over Riki .
tr	9	""" Hurry , Toby , "" called Victoria , "" we need to leave soon . """
tr	8	I slipped coming down the fire escape and twisted my ankle a little .
tr	7	She closed her mouth and edged back slightly into the doorway .
tr	11	"I 'd have stopped him had I known . """
tr	7	""" I 'm so proud of you . """
tr	7	His heart was still racing , but he was on his way to a normal condition .
tr	10	""" I think I 'll move him over by the garbage drums ."
tr	8	There was a series of cracks , and the man let out a gasp of surprise .
tr	6	Lilly Ann interrupted him with an impatient gesture .
tr	8	""" Do you still believe that ? """
tr	8	The darkness ahead grew lighter , distracting me from my grim reflections .
tr	8	"But I 'm here on Elder Crane 's orders , so I need something now ! """
tr	8	They lectured us hard about the nuclear winter , about the radiation dangers , about the probable pestilence .
tr	7	She said , gaining my attention .
tr	10	Captain Tompkins filled him in on what was happening .
tr	8	""" Our duty is to serve , my Empress , "" the muffled dull voice of the operator intones ."
tr	5	""" I-I 'm not looking ! """
tr	6	Their trunks were huge and gnarled , their branches twisted , their leaves were dark and long .
tr	9	Everyone was overjoyed to see each other .
tr	11	""" Did you hear what I said before ?"
tr	5	In addition , among all this Julian almost made her cry .
tr	10	""" Oh I have big plans for you , my pretty little bitch ! """
tr	5	""" Does some super-secret evil villain live here ? """
tr	6	David examined the broken fence by the eastern pasture .
tr	9	Help is a sign of weakness , weakness a sign of unworthiness .
tr	9	Chapter Two ~ Arthur Cobb was feeding his cat when the call came in .
tr	8	He wasn 't Rick 's first choice for the job , nor his second or third .
tr	11	Hi Josh , lovely to hear from you .
tr	9	Bethan didn 't seem to hear her .
tr	10	George took a number of shots , from different angles and a close up of the tattoos .
tr	11	' We 'll give ' em a sec to warm up . '
tr	7	Light and the sound of laughter and music spilled through the door .
tr	9	Well , he probably was a security guard , dressed in dark colors and wearing sunglasses .
tr	8	What will happen to her ?
tr	10	And for him the biggest punishment of all was to be barred from his computer .
tr	11	' These look like they 'd get turned away from McDonalds . '
tr	7	The forest was a misty twilight place of black shadows and dim vistas .
tr	8	She would pick several baskets of corn .
tr	7	""" If it is not enough , then what possibly could be ? """
tr	10	She thought she saw one eyebrow twitch upward at that and a blush spread across her face .
tr	6	""" Sarah , he doesn 't need me ."
tr	8	I moved towards the wall , pulling down a forester 's outfit .
tr	7	He slapped Malcolm on the back .
tr	7	They spent every moment together , often very close together , but the affection from a week ago was gone .
tr	11	Friends , at what time she goes to sleep or she wakes up , what movie she watches ... everything .
tr	8	Mike smiled and got one back , so he proceeded with his idea and put an innocent question to him .
tr	5	"Like this place , not like a big city . """
tr	5	In a heartbeat , the earth stilled and the room grew quiet .
tr	9	""" The pistol came out , the sniper called it in and before anyone could do anything , Chuck was down ."
tr	5	You 're a grown woman then , huh ?
tr	11	""" I presume you have yet to view your reflection . """
tr	9	""" That 's what I thought ; I just wanted an expert opinion , "" Rick revealed ."
tr	6	The car started again and moved quietly forward , then stopped again .
tr	6	""" It 's Travis Jackson , "" she said , "" and he 's not alone . """
tr	11	He already knew her face before he even had to know her .
tr	7	The corn was new seedling , just breaking through the ground surface .
tr	5	On second thought , I 'm a writer writer right now .
tr	6	""" Oh hey , there is a little crack here , "" Donny pointed ."
tr	11	It 's something of a curiosity that we haven 't caught a hint of trouble sooner .
tr	7	""" Do you know something ? """
tr	5	Kaylin , Mom , Dad , Joey , Tuck , and Sadie .
tr	10	He spun her around to face him , her hands in his .
tr	6	""" Thank you , Captain ."
tr	10	It was just not enough to coax the dog out of its prison .
tr	9	From her lips it had the sound of someone summoning a servant .
tr	9	""" It is an unfortunate truth , but secrets must be kept for the greater good . """
tr	11	I left them alive and that was all they could ask for .
tr	10	""" We 'll start with that as soon as we get home ."
tr	10	The town stirred about me , and I was required to greet several passersby .
tr	11	David ran towards them just in time to see them look up in panic and fear .
tr	10	"For a second I thought that other crowd had caught up to us . """
tr	10	' After all , Marcus , you tried to kill his only son and successor . '
tr	10	Regardless , Harold liked it and laid to rest previous worries about John Downing .
tr	6	""" But you 're still going , right ? """
tr	8	Excepting it wasn 't James that I shot .
tr	9	This man screamed out his terror , his eyes bulging with abandoned terror .
tr	8	I left a guy half-naked by the Eiffel Tower last night , alone and bleeding .
tr	6	"She knew that , and we know that . """
tr	5	He was her best friend .
tr	9	""" Did you notice what Parnell said about our technological contribution ? """
tr	11	They both sat down on the floor and leaned forward to have a closer look at it .
tr	10	Geography should be hard to get to .
tr	8	""" If we can warn them first , they can run . """
tr	9	It had to do with safety .
tr	7	The third figure sitting at the table finally stirred .
tr	9	"See you in a couple of months , "" Mr. Collins said and closed his camcorder ."
tr	9	""" What are those boys doing getting in my van ? """
tr	8	I guess you know your cars .
tr	11	Each slash he survived increased his confidence .
tr	9	""" I don 't care what your name is , "" Sarah said ."
tr	10	In fact , he was sure he 'd heard it countless times .
tr	6	""" Oh , no , no , no , "" the waiter said , "" it is on the house . """
tr	9	"I asked , "" Did you see anybody else along the river ? """
tr	8	""" I 'm not sure that I know Sergeant ... ."
tr	8	""" Reggie , we 've only got a few minutes left ."
tr	8	Jim kept moving and taking quick looks over the edge .
tr	8	She sat back down and kept one eye on Neil .
tr	6	A few old skeletons and some piles of poisons and lots of traps , boss .
tr	9	There was nothing he could do .
tr	6	"Speak , she-wolf ; or can you only bark and bite ? """
tr	10	Ben would have known what to do .
tr	7	After the obligatory introductions , Davy Crockett stepped up onto the walkway and began an impromptu speech .
tr	10	""" I guess that 's understandable considering the circumstances . """
tr	9	""" Tate 's right ; we have to chance it ."
tr	8	Its body was roughly the same size as the house , with wings that big again and a long sturdy tail .
tr	9	Now his duties were about to change again .
tr	5	""" Oh , sorry , "" Joe B. backed away a step ."
tr	8	She will not earn the respect of her people with a speech .
tr	7	I don 't like ' oh ho 's ' , especially in the dark .
tr	9	"I didn 't mean to kill him . """
tr	7	The third , a blue and white oval featuring a red trident , was from a Maserati .
tr	8	""" It 's okay , you saved me again , "" Rift conveys , getting back to his feet ."
tr	9	He had to get going .
tr	7	He didn 't offer any other explanation , and , for once , she didn 't pester him .
tr	9	"Dane regained his composure first , "" We have to release that tourniquet . """
tr	5	""" Good morning , sir , "" the captain greeted him ."
tr	9	If you had remained with me , the Hunters would undoubtedly have found you again .
tr	5	""" Well , she better not succeed , "" I say ."
tr	11	""" What 's ... "" I felt like a child who had only basic verbal skills ."
tr	9	Valerian was close behind her as she let herself down among the leaves .
tr	8	The aged Spider squinted to listen over her own labored breathing .
tr	5	""" Oh , not a dog , I hope . """
tr	9	Standing with his back to the hero , the figure boasts an air of confidence unlike Link has ever seen .
tr	9	""" Are they going to talk ? """
tr	8	"You must be good and say hello to her . """
tr	6	""" It 's all taken care of . """
tr	10	"That 's what I intend to do . """
tr	6	""" Please father I 'm innocent , "" I screamed out loud with tears ."
tr	7	Maybe I should hide in the closet ?
tr	11	But how to do so without giving Bax a start ?
tr	5	""" Here you are , Sir Horace , "" I said ."
tr	6	Six hundred feet below , we came to a stationary lift cabin .
tr	8	There were at least a hundred webs springing from the Orb .
tr	11	""" But it didn 't destroy what it was meant to ."
tr	9	"It was made in Finland , "" He continued as he tossed the ax into their cart ."
tr	8	""" You know you 're right Harry ."
tr	10	Hey you 'll love my yacht won 't she Katherine ? '
tr	6	"Yeah , they 'll believe that . """
tr	11	The smile jumps right back onto Gabe 's face as if it was only taking a breather in the wings .
tr	9	That leaves Sgt. Dreher in charge of his old platoon .
tr	10	Rift asks , failing to mask his nervousness .
tr	6	""" I admit , that will be a challenge ."
tr	8	You have to calm down .
tr	6	Somewhere far off , something barked , perhaps a dog , or if not that , then a large bird .
tr	8	These pictures were the only reminders of his family that Ted had left .
tr	6	* * * Nearby Raphael said , ' Hey Danny , Amy looks amazing .
tr	8	He 'd smiled and invited me into his world , his life .
tr	6	"Believe me , this is better . """
tr	7	Two stumpy horns protruded from its flat forehead , and each of its feet consisted of three razor sharp claws .
tr	9	The machine gun stuttered again : bullets ricocheted off the floor behind me , raising chips from the concrete .
tr	8	""" Was he mad at Aimee too ? """
tr	5	Some paper - letters maybe - a few rings and other plain jewellery .
tr	6	Accurate and neat - mid-range distance , maybe , and not even a sniper was used .
tr	8	He kept his tone reasonable , yet there was confidence behind his words .
tr	8	All eyes were fixated on the woman and the captain .
tr	11	The smooth , distasteful voice that had offered surrender earlier spoke once more .
tr	5	Alejo 's tone turned bitter .
tr	8	Lilly Ann looked at Taylor in utter amazement for his logic .
tr	11	""" Oui , "" Aimee whispered , inching toward the door while holding my arm in a death grip ."
tr	8	Her voice added a new timbre with weight and purpose to its repertoire and her laugh had found knowing and truth .
tr	8	"It was Latin and roughly translated into "" power to the people . """
tr	10	It seems that our times are not so different to Shakespeare 's .
tr	7	At one point her legs collapsed under her in pure exhaustion and we still had two days walk left .
tr	9	""" If I can I will come after you , but you are not to wait . """
tr	6	""" I just got here , "" she answered ."
tr	11	She smiled big and knew what she was doing to me .
tr	8	""" If you do not eat it , you will be hungry , there isn 't anything else . """
tr	7	Again , he rinsed out the interior of the wound with ' moonshine ' and his makeshift saline solution .
tr	10	Banner of black hanged upon the wall with a portrayed of skull .
tr	10	""" ' Foolishness is tied up with the heart of a boy , ' I have out grown such things . """
tr	7	The other members of the volunteer army were already out there , camped somewhere along the river .
tr	8	Jimmy pouted and resumed eating his fries .
tr	7	""" We must warn the King , "" Mal stated , following Camden 's lead ."
tr	11	"We captured many women and children that were hiding in the woods . """
tr	7	"I asked , "" What 's it about ? """
tr	8	"You have done well , "" he muttered , eyeing the ornate object with wide eyes ."
tr	9	"After you had planned of killing me ? """
tr	5	* Chapter 23 The classroom 's neon lights instantly died .
tr	5	At the time , we were juniors .
tr	6	"Stacy , actually , "" She said and sat on the opposite bed ."
tr	8	You acted to save my life .
tr	6	Men in uniform rushed at me from all sides .
tr	7	""" Mr. Richmond , you are employing disgraced Air Force pilots as well ? """
tr	8	The only way to see her was to get over there himself .
tr	9	Noah climbed to the top of the backyard fence and began to walk its length downhill .
tr	9	"Next to that is the L , which stands for Lima , in Peru . """
tr	8	My mind mused over the idea that he had proposed .
tr	11	""" I thought they were here to rescue me ! """
tr	9	Encouraged by the discovery of the first house they grew even more curious of other homesteads .
tr	11	This is the first emotion he 's allowed across his face .
tr	8	"Hey man , it 's not so bad , you 'll get used to it eventually . """
tr	6	It was already getting dark .
tr	8	The wolf backed away and began scratching again .
tr	7	Using the drawstring on the GPS pouch , Ted deftly flipped the unit into his palm and pocketed it quickly .
tr	7	The golden retriever puppy panting at his side stopped in its tracks and turned towards the approaching boat .
tr	7	Martin was whoring himself to the masses .
tr	10	I 've been trying to call you .
tr	11	' Well thank you kindly son , oh , and you wouldn 't do me a favour would you ?
tr	11	"I have to go back tonight after we have dinner . """
tr	6	Though , of the three children , Veronika knew Ruby would one day find it the hardest .
tr	11	She knew they would only quarrel if they talked .
tr	9	The captain must have seen Chris eying them .
tr	6	As it was , I knew only a bit about the man .
tr	7	Julie had been the golden girl , loved and cherished , a friend and her future at her side .
tr	8	Neil groaned and squeezed his eyes shut , more against his rushing thoughts than the burning sun .
tr	5	""" You know , I saw a bird the other day . """
tr	5	""" And a good job , too , "" said the admiral ."
tr	10	asked the detective , reading from one of the texts .
tr	10	These were people who had become my friends .
tr	6	""" Such insolence enthusiasm , "" the fox mumbled in an angry manner ."
tr	8	She slowly scrolled through the shots again and zoomed in on one particular one .
tr	11	Of course , it had been Phillip 's light that we saw from the grounds earlier .
tr	9	"Do you love him ? """
tr	11	""" William is busy and is sorry he could not see you this morning ."
tr	5	or rather her mother 's heritage .
tr	7	"Enter the city , Rift , "" he instructs with a newfound tone , only slightly friendlier than before ."
tr	7	Taylor mockingly stood at attention and snapped his right hand to his temple .
tr	6	A haggard , yet finely dressed man entered the game .
tr	10	Sleeping Beauty , Snow White : Both wait to be rescued by a handsome prince .
tr	5	Surprise and joy filled his face .
tr	6	Burning bricks , wood and smouldering debris drifted down slowly around the clearing .
tr	7	""" Morning , "" she greets with a chipper , but rushed tone ."
tr	7	Although only a few days had passed , it felt like cycles .
tr	6	Most were humans , two thousand of them donned in sparkling , polished full plate mail armor .
tr	9	Find a pilot from anywhere and get up there as fast as you can .
tr	9	Chris asked , unconsciously running his fingers along his once rubbed red raw neck .
tr	6	""" It 's the High Priest , "" the ugly man whispered hoarsely to Andy ."
tr	9	He considered making a run for it .
tr	8	She wore the biggest smile with the whitest teeth and the bluest eyes , Lex had ever seen .
tr	7	I rubbed my hand across her chubby face as her cheeks blushed .
tr	11	We 're not even supposed to be speaking to each other .
tr	6	After a turning , I saw Abby crying , bleeding .
tr	6	""" So we wait and watch , "" Hawk replied over the secure telephone ."
tr	7	""" How do you feel , Mr. Clancy ? """
tr	9	"Do you have objections ? """
tr	10	Ali ignored the out-of-date message , kept his gun trained on the creature .
tr	9	Dr. Warner asked as he worked on the kidney .
tr	11	And not just like I 'm struggling to recall something .
tr	9	You know where to get your fuel and supplies .
tr	6	""" They 're dead ... They 're ... dead . """
tr	6	Obviously , in here , no one gave a damn about the no smoking laws .
tr	9	He was not bothered much when she answered his grin .
tr	10	""" You have no need to explain yourself to me . """
tr	6	Eventually , the sun had dipped , and blackness fell .
tr	7	Waving Willow began to explain .
tr	7	"I 'll fetch it real quick . """
tr	10	Through the haze , he could make out movement , more shadows flickering in dusty windows .
tr	7	He pulled forward a few yards , and then killed the ignition .
tr	7	Malcolm 's warm hand pulled me forward , and I stumbled in the dark .
tr	9	""" That 's what I 'm sayin - "" Atticus said before I cut him off ."
tr	6	"Other lives too , in hurricanes and earthquakes and all that other stuff you warned us about . """
tr	7	""" Because I tremble you mean ? """
tr	8	"Who had access to the blades ? """
tr	11	I stared at the glass wall , uncertain how I felt about that statement .
tr	8	I sat in the living compartment , savouring the moment to myself .
tr	10	They want to throw back diet pills instead of running .
tr	7	I swung to the left and took off down the street once more .
tr	9	"Look , I know you haven 't exactly had it easy either . """
tr	9	Nathan stood and looked out the window as the boys walked away from the building .
tr	9	Nathan even recruited the camp leader and his thugs , but their duty was mainly to run the shrinking camp .
tr	8	"Jacob took another drink and continued , "" Alfred made all the arrangements ."
tr	11	She must have passed them by without drawing their attention .
tr	5	"' Once more into the fray . ' """
tr	8	He leaned forward , almost standing out of the throne .
tr	8	Alejo grimaced at the back of the couch .
tr	10	He went around the other side of the car and saw that the tall man had already bled out .
tr	5	A little punishment 's not a bad thing .
tr	5	Heart attacks all around so far .
tr	8	He looked deeply into the eyes of the white wolf .
tr	9	The long walk made them work up a sweat and the sudden lack of movement caused them to cool down quickly .
tr	9	"That is no reason for him to lose it . """
tr	9	"Regardless , we have business to settle first . """
tr	9	Your mother thought you must be dead .
tr	9	He had to keep going .
tr	8	They died from lack of oxygen .
tr	6	""" The head bleeds a lot , "" said the museum 's first aid lady ."
tr	10	Come where there is lots of space .
tr	7	When Lumpkin left , Sal called his security chief , Danny Zamir , and summarized the last twenty minutes .
tr	8	""" Tell me again , you ignorant wretches , what is the fate of the key ?"
tr	10	She wondered how to turn herself back into a fairy .
tr	10	Normally I expect bands to bring at least twenty people , fifteen minimum . '
tr	11	"I thought you meant to harm Carolyn . """
tr	9	Claire opened the door to her room , then stepped out to double-check the number .
tr	10	She would not allow him to have us tortured .
tr	10	"Wasn 't the plan always for Davin to assume the throne as heir ? """
tr	9	""" You don 't have to be , "" Mai chuckles , sensing him slowly coming around ."
tr	7	He leaned forward and threw another log onto the flames .
tr	7	Eda moaned and pulled the cloak up over her head .
tr	10	This is even better than viewing a space movie at the IMAX theatre .
tr	6	The thick smell of freshly prepared food reminded him of his grandpa .
tr	10	She whirled around to see Rudolf leaning way , way too close .
tr	11	I feel bad about the people I 've killed .
tr	7	""" I know where that is . """
tr	6	Somehow , this latest news hardly came as a surprise .
tr	11	Did you tell her that to wear it on the left is an acceptance ?
tr	9	Good to know she can .
tr	9	""" Think it might be Geography . """
tr	9	You have to get going .
tr	7	I gave the note to the couple and sent them back to the kidnappers .
tr	6	Apparently all the hours of practice were paying off !
tr	10	He heard another low throaty growl and knew the bear was close by .
tr	7	The government listened to the human explorers , read their documents , watched their drawings , and made a decision .
tr	11	""" Forgive me , "" he said , "" but I believe the cup belongs to this young gentleman . """
tr	10	""" It seems that you have forgot to knock , young Missy . """
tr	7	The accident that he had caused .
tr	7	Every bit of this power was possible thanks to the curse energizing his evil hand .
tr	6	Better still , a stand of trees and overgrowth screened the little marina from the road .
tr	9	This was a rather complicated maneuver , as his hands were tied as well .
tr	10	This was a US protectorate and it was our obligation to help out its people .
tr	5	The tallest was a beefy black man .
tr	6	He paused for a moment .
tr	8	He could have covered it up as simple curiosity .
tr	10	How to do any of that .
tr	7	""" You know , "" she told him , "" you look like a stereotypical Australian . """
tr	9	That was ok for about six hours , and then I got cramp in my leg .
tr	9	Then she set about serving the boys some food .
tr	8	Behind him , Ted could hear Joe 's feet pounding the pavement .
tr	6	""" Let 's throw the ball , "" Tuck said to me ."
tr	10	My face turned from hopeful to hopeless and my body felt the need to throw up .
tr	10	In his mind things appeared to had turned chaotic .
tr	6	""" Somehow , after a really long time , I got my hands loose and untied my feet ."
tr	10	Further along under the wall was a dog that was also in a terrible condition .
tr	8	It was her cave ... ... her sanctuary .
tr	11	He grabbed a collar and put it under her neck to help open her airway .
tr	10	His clothing completed the somber appearance : robes dyed midnight black after the color of his office .
tr	7	I open the door of the SUV .
tr	10	The calf appeared to be a little premature , but not much .
tr	6	A hundred feet away , Felix Thorne stared at me from the second Bell helicopter .
tr	9	I realize that he 's testing me .
tr	6	The thought spread warmth through his soul .
tr	6	"A cloak , a mask , and some fine clothes , and he didn 't think twice . """
tr	8	He 'll be chained up now , and two guards sleep in the room as well .
tr	10	I should have waited until it was calmer .
tr	8	Chapter XX Again , the scent of pines rushed at me as I entered the home .
tr	9	They began to grow bright red then burst into flame .
tr	9	' This isn 't the end of the matter , is it ? '
tr	7	Hell , maybe grandpa was in on it too .
tr	8	She 'd never been this close to a man before .
tr	11	""" And with Madame Zombie Eyes waiting to greet us at the top ?"
tr	5	""" Why , Mr. Vassar , that was my only bikini top . """
tr	9	I stayed silent , suddenly aware of how close we sat .
tr	6	""" So what are you suggesting ? """
tr	6	Tracing her features , at once so like Persephone 's and yet so very different , he allowed himself a smile .
tr	11	""" And the whole thing fails if someone 's in the great hall at the time ."
tr	9	""" You are funny when you become nervous . """
tr	10	Now it was Ben who was in danger .
tr	9	She knew people were watching her .
tr	11	It took twenty minutes to get her ready for liftoff .
tr	11	You gave me your loyalty until this crisis has passed , and passed it has .
tr	11	The only other sound was the hum of unseen insects and the slight lapping of water on the lagoon 's edge .
tr	10	""" I can 't risk endangering all of us ."
tr	9	Mike jumped as Colonel McCutcheon 's voice suddenly appeared at his left shoulder .
tr	6	""" Figures , "" Jack said , "" No respect for the gay Jewish black dude . """
tr	9	""" But ... I ... I don 't know . """
tr	7	I rode the rest of the trip in peace .
tr	7	No , it 's just as well she never learns .
tr	5	""" Well , for one , I 'm definitely too young and inexperienced ."
tr	7	Again she was filled with outrage .
tr	9	He seized it , took out a pocketknife , and began to sharpen the point .
tr	5	""" Yes , kind Seor , "" she chuckled ."
tr	7	Suddenly his wife , Mary , got out of the room and returned with a cherry pie from the fridge .
tr	11	I know when I have no chance to win .
tr	6	"Her scream made her intentions well-known . """
tr	10	He 'd had to brave the same scornful torrent as her .
tr	6	""" It doesn 't even hurt now ! """
tr	7	""" It 's not my instructor of course ."
tr	9	As curious as he was , it wasn 't his business to ask .
tr	6	"The prices drop , stop loss orders kick in and a train wreck results . """
tr	7	What if they 're really the bad guys ?
tr	7	Sidney had taken them in and raised them .
tr	9	Indeed he marveled at the unity of mind and body and his soul seemed to rejoice !
tr	9	This C-5 was the ugliest chicken she had ever seen .
tr	6	But damn , those eyes ... they were dark and hard and almost , well , empty .
tr	7	""" I believe so , my lord . """
tr	10	The man frowned , his eyes catching the glint of the Glock at the end of her arm .
tr	6	The particles formed a human being , or at least a creature in human form .
tr	8	007 could be seen over his shoulder .
tr	9	I looked away from his probing gaze and stared blindly at the dark tower at the end of the avenue .
tr	10	"Ryan said , "" Let 's hope that 's all Zinger wants ."
tr	8	She saw something glistened and gasped .
tr	8	You 'd think by our age , a six-year gap between us would be irrelevant .
tr	6	She lifted her free hand to rest upon Adele 's .
tr	7	Terry Bayliss , a single man , took up residence in an old storeroom in Bank underground station .
tr	7	An hour later , as darkness was falling , Shock returned to his unit 's patrol base .
tr	9	Once the church was packed , every seat taken , Father Jonas started the ceremony .
tr	8	""" Why hasn 't anyone ever asked about me and my family ? """
tr	11	' That 's right Sally , what do they do ? '
tr	6	Beyond the doorway , narrow stone steps spiralled downwards into darkness .
tr	9	"Wait till we get into my truck . """
tr	11	""" I 'm glad they got out in one piece , "" said Edwin ."
tr	6	My biological father died during that storm .
tr	10	She hated the feeling of being around Mia .
tr	7	""" You 're right , "" he said softly , "" Angelique 's wellbeing is more important than ours . """
tr	11	She was a lover of nature which was an obvious thing on her .
tr	8	"Were you intending to take off ? """
tr	10	Malcolm sipped his sparkling cider , which I promptly whipped away from him .
tr	7	""" Frostbite and Sleet on rear security ."
tr	10	It must have been attracted by the lights or my scent .
tr	11	He turned and started towards the Delta ticket counter , leaving the Kiwis to enjoy their newfound vehicle .
tr	11	His sweat slicked the hilt of the sword , making it twist in his hand .
tr	9	They all waited in silence as she was dragged inexorably forward .
tr	10	Even if they are there I 'm not going to see them through this .
tr	7	I huff to the bathroom and slam the door .
tr	10	He stirred and groaned as I knelt to him .
tr	6	' Speaking of the doctor , ' Edwina resumed , ' how is the poor man ? '
tr	8	""" Your dearly departed Dr. Harland was a criminal . """
tr	7	""" Alas , I don 't expect so , "" the captain answered sadly ."
tr	6	His mouth was gentle , the kiss playful , and his tongue stroking hers felt absolutely divine .
tr	7	"He turned back to the phone , "" Well , Mr ... ? """
tr	7	"It helps keep my mind sharp ! """
tr	10	Just imagine their amazement when they got to their table and found it with its full complement .
tr	8	I doubt it was aliens .
tr	10	Assessing the remaining wounds inflicted , the hero finally begins to understand the severity of the situation .
tr	8	""" Two days ago , "" and he snickered , "" but don 't you worry , we will get him ."
tr	6	Gabe turns his head in my direction .
tr	10	"We don 't have time to wait for backup . """
tr	5	"A printed card inside read : "" The Frank E. Campbell Funeral Chapel . """
tr	8	I folded the paper into a small square and gripped it in my hand before anyone noticed .
tr	8	After all the fuss to get here , it was hard for him to simply wave and walk away .
tr	6	They sounded rushed and upset .
tr	8	His teeth were yellow , signalling his unhealthy lifestyle and an ugly grin was on his face .
tr	11	"Connor , if you 'll excuse us for a while ... thank you . """
tr	11	Are you sure that you want to do this ?
tr	6	Why had Dad let him in ?
tr	6	Growing up , Rachel and her brother Seth were almost always together , despite their two year age gap .
tr	6	As always , her onion stew was filling , and the bread was delicious and warm .
tr	7	His palms became slick with sweat and a roaring sounded in his ears .
tr	11	""" Yes , but guess what ... . ."
tr	10	Tork was treating me like a prisoner under guard rather than an aid to Minister Drake .
tr	7	Anna frowned and glanced from the immortal to the screen .
tr	11	He whipped the rod back and forth a few times keeping the light line airborne while steadily extending its reach .
tr	5	""" You see , this wasn 't a real pass or fail test ."
tr	7	Head down , Amanda wandered back to her car and sat on the hood .
tr	6	""" First we find Americus , and then we find your Mr. Chen . """
tr	7	Half way through the ships interior , Tyler cuts a critical reactor component .
tr	9	""" No , it was strange too , because I saw the crashed pilot 's brother . """
tr	8	The door opened again and Miriam burst in and went over to Mana .
tr	9	""" I didn 't realize I looked so young ! """
tr	6	""" I clamped these lids on tight last night ."
tr	5	""" I do kiss random guys ... usually teenage boys ."
tr	8	""" What I intend to do ? """
tr	10	He didn 't want to be with me .
tr	11	A cocktail of emotions befuddled Amy 's mind as she tried to ascertain the situation .
tr	8	My friend was not in the best of moods .
tr	5	""" I love you too . """
tr	7	He unbuckled his sword , rested his back against a tall pine and spread his aching legs towards the fire .
tr	7	The first one made sense to Sky , but the logistics of the second had him at a loss .
tr	7	' We mustn 't let them leave ! '
tr	8	She felt tears trickling down her cheeks , dripping onto his shoulder .
tr	7	The co-pilot above him pushes a button , reeling Jay and the cage back up to the helicopter .
tr	8	The tune was as catchy as the words were blasphemous .
tr	10	Anastasia heard the sound of hurried footsteps , several men coming her way .
tr	10	When they arrived back at the logging camp , the pair unloaded the supplies then Scott hurried into the kitchen .
tr	6	A boy , about twelve , stood with his hands placidly on his hips .
tr	6	""" Hey , Bryce , "" Suzannah 's sultry tone purred at me through the phone line and I groaned ."
tr	9	There was something else he thought and then he had it .
tr	6	""" Oh , I du n no , "" Gina replied under her funny , floppy rain hat ."
tr	5	""" Yes , "" he replied ."
tr	11	He wanted to get as much information from the Adventurous as he could .
tr	7	Sarah heard the noise behind her and instinctively turned toward it .
tr	5	Their limbs were bloodied and sore , scratched and torn .
tr	7	That should contain the reaction and pretty much vaporize their bones .
tr	9	"We can snipe at their rear some more , "" said Aaron one of his two snipers ."
tr	5	The same for all levels of the accelerometer interfaces and language interfaces .
tr	5	Fourteen Several months later a storm , a Seattle cloudburst , woke Charlotte .
tr	6	' Oh , you mean my little Coup 650i SE , ' Ben Taylor said , and grinned .
tr	7	His words were barely audible above the muted explosion from a nearby building .
tr	9	But the way I recollect it , the spell that she cast was irrevocable .
tr	10	I had been given a room on the ground floor at the back of the main lodge .
tr	7	She was his bride and she was lovely ; not just in form , but also in spirit .
tr	6	Up ahead , Bruno cried out and almost fell .
tr	7	Her voice came back with a more focused and deliberate timbre .
tr	11	""" I was in a lake , and I couldn 't swim even though I can in real life ."
tr	8	"The next village is days away by foot -- "" "" We 're with our father ! """
tr	9	It was unusual , but not unheard of when an agent was deep undercover .
tr	11	Probably he wanted to tell me about his illness , not knowing that I already knew about it .
tr	10	Oh , and be nice you came close to shooting them . '
tr	8	Flipping her long brown braid back over her shoulder , she studied the situation in front of her .
tr	5	Average height , average brown hair , average gray eyes , average looks .
tr	7	The other two members of Callum 's inner circle nodded their agreement .
tr	8	"Getting on an elevator is a huge risk ; those two guys with Alfred are expendable . """
tr	7	""" I mean , I am capable of it . """
tr	7	The conversation dwindled , and Malcolm asked in a threatening voice .
tr	11	My mind wandered during the times without electricity and I started imagining that we were all alone .
tr	8	A larger office had become vacant in our building and we had moved premises a week previously .
tr	8	Jason moved the corrugated piece of rusted iron to one side and exposed the gap through the wall .
tr	10	She never dare to glance at the ground where Sofia fell .
tr	8	"Even worse , "" he continued in a cautionary tone , "" it could one day be used against us . """
tr	7	""" Let 's move on ."
tr	9	Still , he 's one of the few folks in the Society that I can stand .
tr	8	He was the one always telling her she should get out more .
tr	6	The Angel skilfully landed the starship in a shady secluded spot .
tr	8	Nathan turned and resolutely climbed up the hill to his family and the awaiting light and warmth .
tr	8	Katherine looked at Calvin and considered him , her truth irrespective of bar work or anyone else .
tr	9	He continued to walk I followed .
tr	8	As I launched into the lengthy tale , Joseph drew a bottle of cognac from a small cabinet .
tr	6	His words puffed out with each breath .
tr	9	Even once you 'd trained it you still kept bells on the thing in case it lost itself .
tr	8	Enjoy your stay in New Zealand , I understand it to be a beautiful country .
tr	10	"He sees us as his family now , not as members of the Exiled Kindred . """
tr	10	I 'm not in the mood to play games .
tr	7	As Preston pulled the silks on , I shoved him up into Missile 's saddle .
tr	6	But down below the life of the city flowed through the streets like a tide .
tr	9	Rick kept his eyes glued outside as they headed towards the downtown hotel .
tr	9	And the ground beneath the bushes was covered with generations of dried crinkling leaves .
tr	7	"He held the door open and said , "" Anything . """
tr	8	Now ... What will be next ?
tr	5	My favorite : yogurt , nectarine and some granola , he thought .
tr	6	""" Gabe , Lillian , meet Photon , Rainbow , Daybreak , Dawn , and Beacon . """
tr	10	I don 't want to come between you two .
tr	9	Knew when she had been had .
tr	7	The town has known neither order nor wealth for many months .
tr	5	""" Here we are , "" he said rather tensely ."
tr	9	She removed the bandages and reapplied a cooling gel with a strong herbal scent to his battered skin .
tr	11	It was kind of like she was avoiding me .
tr	7	""" You folk have been very helpful in our journey to this point ."
tr	11	If something happens , don 't wait , and whatever you do , don 't come back .
tr	10	After leaving the garden , he had returned to work for the afternoon .
tr	10	""" Pretty crappy Christmas , "" John said brushing the fur of the young dog , Patrick , by the fireplace ."
tr	8	Melody 's eyes lit up , but there was no other reaction on her face .
tr	10	It was a little like pointing a rifle at a target and getting your bearings later .
tr	10	Everybody seems hell-bent on killing themselves one way or another .
tr	8	"They 've followed us through two cities now , "" I said around the plum ."
tr	8	This remark brought more tears and pleading from the older gentleman , but Professor Johnson remained calm and showed little emotion .
tr	5	""" One , "" I say ."
tr	10	But there was no time for beating around the bush .
tr	8	""" You tell me , J , "" Seven said , "" When 've I turned down a challenge ?"
tr	5	"It 's not deep there . """
tr	11	""" Blimey , where did you come from ? """
tr	6	Punishment in school led to punishment at home .
tr	7	Sandal glared at him , then forked a bite of pancake rather violently .
tr	11	Our emotions tell us if what we are thinking is in line with what we prefer or not .
tr	8	For the first time in a while she sank a few vodkas and watched Danny owning stage and audience .
tr	6	""" No , it 's real , "" Kennan croaked , barely above a whisper ."
tr	5	Better yet , my mom wasn 't an assassin .
tr	8	"At least you didn 't get me out of bed this time , "" a smile in her voice ."
tr	6	The impact pushed the Raptor away from the wreckage , towards the escarpment .
tr	10	Therefore , in the end it had come down to another battle between the Coast Guard and the drug lords .
tr	6	But what secrets were they hiding down there ?
tr	8	As quietly as she could , she went to the doorway and looked in , but the room was deserted .
tr	9	except for when I was away .
tr	5	He shrugs away my hand .
tr	9	I smiled as I kept running .
tr	6	Adele squeezed Eda 's shoulders .
tr	10	It was then that an idea suddenly sprang to mind .
tr	8	Ghost ducked as the rounds began landing .
tr	7	Sofia chuckled , bowed her head and leave the master and his assistant behind .
tr	8	The four crossed a path where someone had stepped .
tr	8	Like Adele , a man she loved had been revealed as a traitor .
tr	7	They started out into the fog bank and quickly disappeared from sight .
tr	8	Once inside , they began to loot and pillage selectively .
tr	9	He poured himself a cup , saw his sergeant and went over to join him .
tr	8	The lab was a mishmash of items both old and new .
tr	6	The men were extremely careful around them .
tr	7	""" ' Tis only the mist , it ... unsettles me . """
tr	7	I slipped into my car , started the engine and pulled the mask from my face .
tr	7	Your walk is becoming just like the king 's .
tr	6	"One day ... me , you , your mother ... "" His voice stumbled in his throat ."
tr	6	The private , luxury ITS offered a smooth ride , a lavish sapphire couch and a gilded table .
tr	9	She kept her hair over the shoulder to cover it from public view .
tr	9	The robots that worked with us have all become normal people .
tr	7	And although they were a polite , hardworking and compassionate people , there was the matter of their faith .
tr	11	"In fact , I 'd really appreciate it if you could help me over there . """
tr	8	Together they hiked along the hillside in silence , reaching the truck in record time .
tr	7	He looked around the room , taking a deep breath .
tr	6	Why did I blow it ?
tr	7	He opened his eyes , watching me .
tr	9	Sofia sighed , a vision of a Hunter is far more different than that of warlocks .
tr	8	Distant chuckling erupted on the other side of the glass wall .
tr	7	A sharp rock the size of her thumbnail was pushing against his frog .
tr	7	Lilly Porter died in my arms that night , and I died too .
tr	11	It seemed strange how they gravitated to familiar surroundings when they weren 't otherwise occupied .
tr	7	"Or at least do a bit better , "" Neil added ."
tr	6	Not Ashwin 's first , doubtfully his last , but certainly his most dire .
tr	11	Finally , she knew she would have to act .
tr	6	Roberto grinned , his anger forgotten .
tr	7	From the sack on his back , he took a garden hoe .
tr	7	Until 2,000 years ago when Julius Caesar and the Roman legions systematically destroyed the stone circles of ancient Gaul . '
tr	8	In fact after 6 months he began assisting me on several freelance missions .
tr	9	"She said , "" No I meant what rank ? """
tr	7	' Let 's walk , shall we ? '
tr	7	You were born forty years later , in fifteen sixty , in Prague .
tr	9	He predicted that by 2035 , more than 95 of a hundred would be recreations .
tr	5	""" Okay , so anyway , what happened ? """
tr	11	She looked down , as if afraid she had revealed too much .
tr	5	""" It 's kind free and relaxed and easy , somehow . """
tr	9	They both dropped their books and they bent down to pick them up .
tr	6	""" We 're really grateful , "" said the boy , and shook the Rev 's hand with enthusiasm ."
tr	9	If a man can succeed by his own drive and talent , his bloodline doesn 't matter to King Martin .
tr	11	There was nothing he could do for her on that crumbling step .
tr	10	I kept trying to break loose .
tr	10	New bait bags seems like they 're charmed there , eh ?
tr	7	""" I don 't feel a thing , "" Gunnar said ."
tr	10	I let it go to voicemail .
tr	9	The Prince of Oxen followed him and brought the entire place down ; there 's barely a single column left standing .
tr	9	Waiters dressed in black and white moved in and out of the caf like they were in a choreographed dance .
tr	5	""" And the books are all due back today ."
tr	11	Just like I 'm supposed to be , I 'm going to be polite , she thought .
tr	7	Moments later , we paused in the clearing smoke and observed the still bodies around us .
tr	5	' Miyamoto Musashi was an excellent swords master . '
tr	9	With a deep groan , Alejo shoved his hands in his pockets and began walking towards the house .
tr	9	She definitely didn 't like what she had seen or heard .
tr	8	I glimpsed two figures running towards a dilapidated building off the road .
tr	9	""" Dance with me , "" she whispered in a tone no man could have refused ."
tr	6	Hate him , hate him , hate him .
tr	7	Frank carefully folded his suit and his expensive shoes and put them inside his case .
tr	6	Chapter 7 From all their afternoons and evenings together , Earl knew Dante hated surprises .
tr	8	Sure enough , there were devices planted on this side as well .
tr	8	What 's in my book , I mean .
tr	9	Ben stood up with his arms spread and began waddling towards the fridge again .
tr	6	However , their music festivals were a whole other something else .
tr	6	They walked right up behind Josie with big grins .
tr	10	""" Gentlemen , what is the meaning of your presence here ? """
tr	10	"Dropping through 24,000 feet , and turning base to final , six miles from target , "" Jonesy continued ."
tr	9	I planned on bolting after graduation .
tr	8	"I doubt he forgets anything . """
tr	10	He glanced at the bear to see him watching them .
tr	10	This time , the attackers are making no effort to hide their identity .
tr	9	""" I don 't know , "" Taylor began , but Lilly Ann put his hand on top of her belly ."
tr	10	""" Ya know this whole apartment would fit into my living room back home . """
tr	6	Then I saw it through the falling snow .
tr	9	They also realized again that something , or someone , was so obviously directing this man .
tr	6	On the other side was a framed portrait of a handsome middle-aged woman .
tr	7	Eda 's muffled sobbing broke in on her inner musings , and she sank to the ground .
tr	7	' I don 't know the answer to that either . '
tr	9	A glance at the floor revealed the source of the ungodly stink .
tr	5	Her pale feet kick back and forth .
tr	7	The report of the pistol , going off inside the cockpit , was deafening .
tr	10	He said , ' We 've been performing hours every day .
tr	10	She couldn 't see the driver but knew it must be Brian .
tr	9	""" Did they say what they were looking for ? """
tr	9	"Speed Mach 19.5 , altitude 300,000 feet , computer says we are flying straight and level . """
tr	6	Facing the audience all but the first song 's initial chords left Calvin 's memory .
tr	11	You need to get this information to Amanda Carter in London .
tr	7	By the time I pulled my arm from my face , a single shining face was staring back out at me .
tr	10	He ended the call and just sat enjoying a few moments of quiet peace in the empty office .
tr	8	Jakarta 's claiming some sort of massacre ... ... a little further south I think ... .
tr	11	They 'll know we ran -- or at least -- they 'll know I ran .
tr	9	Standing beside the boy with her chin resting on her fist , she stares at the doors thoughtfully .
tr	9	""" You know , I haven 't been to a ball for nearly a decade , "" spoke Jacob ."
tr	8	I could feel the question in the air .
tr	7	He looked towards them and waved .
tr	7	Alfred sat still , awaiting a reply .
tr	9	But even if possible , would one of his siblings truly move so openly against him ?
tr	7	""" You be careful out there , you hear me ? """
tr	8	Scott looked into the three barrels as he gained a deep frown .
tr	7	Until he had a plan , he would keep his friend safe .
tr	5	My legs tire , my mouth dries , my left side aches , and my head pounds .
tr	6	At least fifty soldiers fired from the weapons pads in this room .
tr	11	There was one more thing I needed to do .
tr	8	""" Did I do something to anger you before ? """
tr	8	Chapter 10 Jen strode through the front door with Vivien close on her heels .
tr	7	His fingers reached for the leather bag looped on a thong around his throat , caressing a hidden shape .
tr	9	"Do you want some ? """
tr	9	' Sorry to hear about your housing problems .
tr	10	Connor didn 't want to talk about Andre any more .
tr	7	""" After Harry left the army he opened a martial arts school here in Gloucester ."
tr	10	' Hi , ' Danny said stunned to see him with Katherine .
tr	9	After the ignominy of last evening , he had no desire to face the world .
tr	5	Then again , people die every day .
tr	10	Is this going where I think it is ?
tr	7	I crawled over to him and gently placed a trembling hand over his quivering arm .
tr	8	I wiggled one of Dad 's fancy devices in the keyhole and the lock popped .
tr	11	He saw her look around quickly as a small frown touched her forehead .
tr	8	""" I 've read much of your work . """
tr	8	If I hadn 't been there at all , this likely wouldn 't have happened .
tr	10	Cassie twists trying to struggle free .
tr	8	We knew it would probably happen .
tr	7	""" Sheena , "" she replied offering her hand ."
tr	7	CHAPTER 36 The Light Elaina frowned at the map as they walked .
tr	10	He sold his first story at age 19 to a fantasy magazine and attended the Odyssey Writing Workshop in 2010 .
tr	11	The two brothers ignored him entirely and sitting down , began to discuss something in low , earnest tones .
tr	7	The upholstered interior of dark blue satin is , here and there , worn down to a blacker , threadbare base .
tr	7	It was still hard after all these years .
tr	9	Again , she found herself in front of a tall , iron door .
tr	6	""" Alejo , I was a loser and a coward ."
tr	8	"Are you coming back now ? """
tr	9	He throws off the fear like a dirty shirt and strides toward the doorway , his fists clenched .
tr	6	This man wasn 't just a passive victim , he was an active outlaw .
tr	5	""" Yes , "" said the mayor slowly ."
tr	6	Along with their staff , the noisy plane held about thirty quiet individuals .
tr	9	His pale green eyes reflected the weak rays of the early morning sun , glazed , vacant , and bleak .
tr	7	He slowed down to almost a walk as he approached .
tr	7	It lent them strength and haste , however , and the Raptor floated away from the bank .
tr	10	The boldest laughingly made good-bye waving motions in the way Dog warriors scorned a beaten enemy .
tr	10	"who 's calling me at this stupid hour it 's my day off , "" she said to the empty room ."
tr	10	""" I am glad the arrow has not dimmed your eyes ."
tr	10	Poltergeist grabbed the box as he was thrown from the crash .
tr	6	After the totally awkward eating experience , we cleaned up the empty containers and cleared up the living room .
tr	10	That would only cause more harm , if harm has indeed befallen him .
tr	9	There were more mysteries to solve , more secrets to uncover .
tr	8	He was moving about somewhat and had probably been there for sometime .
tr	8	"Archie , I mean dad , got a bit of a shock when I turned up . """
tr	6	""" How many men have you killed , boy ? """
tr	6	Gabe looks up at me .
tr	9	""" Ahh , ... and there would be the privilege of regular hot breakfasts ! """
tr	6	""" I can feel it ."
tr	7	""" What did you learn from this paper ? """
tr	9	They cut the throats of the deer to let them bleed .
tr	8	she giggled passing him a towel .
tr	6	They were wet and warm , too wet , too warm , and only growing more so .
tr	9	Chase saw the crowded town of Pendragon but Sofia was not there .
tr	9	Sarah looked back at the cottage and then at the dead puppy on the ground .
tr	7	We 're lucky , in spring and early summer this forest is downright homey .
tr	5	""" What 's up there ? """
tr	6	That shut him up , but not Harley .
tr	6	You were extremely helpful and I appreciate your input and time so much .
tr	9	A few of their bullets grazed the ropes holding him over the water and the rope slowly started to unravel .
tr	10	Mike will tell you more when we have a chance .
tr	8	""" Perfect , "" I remember saying to myself ."
tr	7	From a distance , the noises of industry -- diggers , engine gears and exhaust sputters -- carried to him .
tr	9	He picked up a plate and poised a hand over the plate of sandwiches .
tr	9	He swung his head in the direction of the voices and saw four silhouettes down at the shore .
tr	8	Josie finished a mouthful of food and took a drink .
tr	7	""" It 's just a couple minutes , believe it or not ."
tr	10	I had to be strong , no matter what .
tr	10	""" I 'm smarter than you 'll ever be , "" he states matter-of-factly ."
tr	9	I 'd already checked with the Ministry and got his SAS record ... ... nothing weird there either .
tr	7	He was also the oldest by a year and the thinker .
tr	7	"I just make them work . """
tr	6	"Yes , "" she said , but her upward motion froze and she flung herself backward ."
tr	7	Hot shrapnel and burning fragments shot out from the wreckage and rained down from the sky .
tr	8	""" May I ask you a question , Lilly , "" he eased himself into uncharted waters ."
tr	9	""" He 'll want to help us ."
tr	9	She was determined to get answers .
tr	6	' Two hours at the most , ' Anna replied .
tr	6	One private jet , just for a dog , but then in a way , he was grateful .
tr	10	"he answered and pulled out the digital camera , "" Who wants -- "" "" Oooh , me , me ! """
tr	8	' If you don 't release me right now , the First Council will hear of this ! '
tr	9	He drank down the cool refreshing fluid in mighty gulps , following it with a satisfied belch .
tr	7	"When the leader 's at two hundred feet , the co-pilot asks , "" Do you have visual ? """
tr	5	""" Sure , I got it . """
tr	9	"Such things have happened before in the Judgment of Souls . """
tr	9	The big cargo doors made entry and exit of Taylor 's plane very comfortable .
tr	6	""" That coyote will tear you apart . """
tr	11	I would like to go with you to the station and see Mrs. Jones .
tr	9	""" We could have taken off all our cargo and it would have been easier , "" he said ."
tr	5	In its place crept a cool chill , a restless anger , an annoyance , a fury .
tr	8	""" Tell me about your deal with Alfred . """
tr	6	""" Miracle of modern science , "" he went on ."
tr	7	Col looked at her with pain scoring deep , dark lines across his face .
tr	10	The sheriff almost choked on his coffee when he started to laugh .
tr	10	You 're scared because of what COULD have happened .
tr	11	I didn 't want her to know what I knew .
tr	7	"Sure 'n ye know we miss you . """
tr	10	Will was able to step round it .
tr	7	""" Oh , he doesn 't have one yet , "" Ghost said ."
tr	11	She saw a dainty hand twisted the gem and the vision vanished in nothing .
tr	7	"Let 's see how it goes . """
tr	9	With that she helped herself to a hefty piece of pork and a slice of dark bread .
tr	8	He reached something from his sword -- a beautiful necklace was chained into it .
tr	11	The nervous chatter on the mess deck had centered around the recoil tearing an opening in the hull .
tr	7	The bright smile , the cheerful blue eyes , the quick squeeze of his hand -- they could not bury that .
tr	5	""" That 's all me . """
tr	11	"Believe me when I say she 's no lady . """
tr	5	""" Seen and not heard , "" Sarah gently reminded ."
tr	7	He and Jeff collected the weapons and returned them to their place in the cargo hold .
tr	6	She had long blond hair , yes , but her eyes were dark blue , and her skin was perfectly sun-kissed .
tr	8	This also led to a fruitless outcome and left them feeling frustrated .
tr	9	Chase tried to reach it back but she fell so quickly .
tr	6	"I can 't fix it . """
tr	9	He is going to be fine .
tr	11	Just then they could hear that clanging sound made by the triangle on Mr. Stark 's porch .
tr	7	""" I 'll just wait out here for the Firstborn . """
tr	11	Giving it up , Simon weakly fell into the chair from which he had snatched the dressing gown and looked around .
tr	6	""" Temperate woman , then , "" Hugh said , and gave another low bow ."
tr	6	Her face was rosy , her eyes bright , her pale hair sleek , her smile wide .
tr	7	No one will believe us without Phillip now .
tr	7	He took the man by the hand and put him on his shoulders .
tr	8	""" Let 's get out of here . """
tr	6	On the same wall , but in the opposite corner there was an old mattress without any bed sheets .
tr	7	David looked at the cows , then back at the dog .
tr	9	Pierre and Nora were smitten with each other , walking along the beach just talking about everything , holding hands .
tr	11	Rick decided he had better make quick work of Anna .
tr	8	The clich was a bit much , but seeing the others around the room , it was true .
tr	10	Aria is unconscious and bleeding all over Jason 's carpet .
tr	8	Several monks , including their leader Abbot Baum , were found guilty by special tribunal and hanged at dawn this morning .
tr	11	"I said , "" I 'll make it as quick as I can . """
tr	6	""" Like I said ... sit down and shut up . """
tr	9	Connor finally asked one of the concierges if he had seen Andre .
tr	6	""" No fear , "" Neil said without hesitation ."
tr	10	You may pretend you are like them .
tr	9	He squatted down in front of the safe and peered inside .
tr	7	Being fed and rested certainly helped .
tr	9	How do you think your food gets cooked ?
tr	9	She is too much of a lady for riff-raff to speak of her in that fashion .
tr	9	The company was off in a sprint as quickly as Clancy cleared his hiding place .
tr	6	""" She was taken , "" Emma said , "" and then we took her back ! """
tr	8	Was a life without him a life without hope ?
tr	6	The fingers on my neck relax .
tr	8	""" I will peel your skin like an apple , and douse your wounds in salt . """
tr	10	He was being pulled in so many directions and couldn 't see a clear path .
tr	8	Dawn was approaching but they all continued to talk and talk .
tr	5	""" I know , "" muttered Dreamer , then her stomach rumbled ."
tr	9	The apartment was empty of everything but the furniture .
tr	11	The Prince cleared his throat , which had a sudden lump in it .
tr	10	Valerian swore softly and tugged vainly , with his legs braced against the chair .
tr	11	"Make your XO aware that he will have the Brigade until you return . """
tr	10	""" You need to study a lot for this "" ."
tr	5	The Captain 's voice ; raised a few degrees above room temperature .
tr	7	The first person she saw was Valerian .
tr	9	He wondered how Sarah 's parents were doing this morning .
tr	10	Have you noticed Dad watched us like a hawk all day today ?
tr	7	You all know that it couldn 't .
tr	8	""" First you eat , then you sleep some more and then we 'll talk about everything ."
tr	7	""" Not much -- sounds thin to me , "" I said , returning his grin ."
tr	11	""" Well , I 'd have to say , a little complicated , "" began Jon ."
tr	10	As they got near the center of the camp , Nathan saw why .
tr	9	Right now they are mainly tooled to produce hunting shotguns .
tr	8	There , standing with teeth clenched , stood Isaac .
tr	9	, kissed me on the cheek and skipped down the road giggling .
tr	10	"To her , he added , "" We 'll talk further when you 're rested . """
tr	9	Most of them seemed to radiate pure hatred and disgust , and the Prince couldn 't understand why .
tr	9	The voices started quietly , melding with the instruments , then pulled them to greater tempo , fiercer emotions .
tr	9	I decided to let her be .
tr	11	Will was trying to make sense of the strange set-up .
tr	8	I smiled to avoid swearing .
tr	8	Blood dripped from the edges of my blades .
tr	11	He reached his posted sentry after less than a full turns walk .
tr	10	""" You keep saying we 're doomed ."
tr	6	Take him to the hospital .
tr	8	All around her , steam rose from patches of muddy water , like a never-ending bog of eternal stench .
tr	10	She took some time to think about it .
tr	10	All they had to do was take their time .
tr	9	He opened his eyes and saw a hawk flying above the trees .
tr	8	You are all heading back to base , Lieutenant .
tr	11	Logan , for his part , threw out his chest , defying the shot about to come .
tr	8	I know that everything 's fine .
tr	8	""" The one you 're chasing is the old kind . """
tr	7	"But only for a second and then switch back to invisible mode . """
tr	8	As he passed us , I smiled sadly , and he offered a bowed head .
tr	6	John spat as his face red face lit up the room .
tr	9	Chase remove the hood of his cloak , revealing more of his eye-catching looks .
tr	9	Zombies in this state can seem to be not very dangerous .
tr	8	Without even thinking the boys threw themselves into the thick of the battle .
tr	8	That 's all I have .
tr	8	""" Of course you do , "" he chuckled as he strode forward ."
tr	5	""" Did , uh , America or Russia fire first ? """
tr	7	Just as he swung it down , I rolled out of the way and landed on the ground hard .
tr	8	' To make it more deadly , ' she stated dully , confirming my suspicion .
tr	8	After a couple more hits the alien inside him gave up ; it had completed its task .
tr	8	the Prince managed to croak out , finally finding his voice .
tr	9	He felt unarmed as he proceeded toward the wood .
tr	7	The pilot pulls his throttle and shoves his control column to one side .
tr	9	The walk would take most of the day now that the ground was wet and muddy .
tr	11	Ted pushed the large double doors apart , holding them so that Melody could slip through .
tr	10	How it felt to touch him .
tr	10	It 'll be easy to sort out .
tr	9	The man obviously thought this a strange question for a major to be asking a captain .
tr	9	It felt good to be back .
tr	7	' You are no relative of mine , half-breed ! '
tr	10	He watched Lilly Ann carefully peel back the plastic lid from the coffee can and pull the aluminum lid open .
tr	10	Dumas himself might have written a novel about us : the three companions strutting off the train into a new city .
tr	9	"I mean , do you have any information ? """
tr	8	But the Audi 's protesting engine hurled the car forward .
tr	6	By the time their bodies struck the forest floor , we were already running .
tr	6	"Every inch of the pasture and meadow must be parasite free . """
tr	8	she claimed as she studied the picture .
tr	9	She wanted to crawl out of herself , to shed an itchy and hated skin .
tr	8	It 's over and that 's the end of it .
tr	10	Grace seemed to fold into a shyness Katherine hadn 't seen in weeks .
tr	6	""" Good morning gentlemen , "" he murmured , stretching ."
tr	10	That was a point that resonated with Lynn .
tr	9	The Turk who was protecting her was evidently not a bad man .
tr	8	The man relaxed as he drained the bottle .
tr	6	One pointed his pistol -- a large one -- and the other kid shot into the air .
tr	5	Now his energy hums , smooth and quiet .
tr	9	He sat across from Nathan and laced his fingers in front of him .
tr	6	""" It tastes good , "" Jack shrugged , "" Starve for all I care ."
tr	9	That friend he was walking around with outside is probably a scab too .
tr	8	"He 's actually AWOL never mind everything else . """
tr	10	Run us onto a sandbar , knockin ' a hole in the hull .
tr	5	""" And g * y guys just watch g * y porn . """
tr	7	They are drawing on my magic .
tr	11	And then this macho man breezed through the entrance , full of swagger , wearing leather pants and sunglasses .
tr	6	The envy inside of me is sudden and sharp .
tr	8	We collapsed like shattered husks about the room .
tr	6	""" The front door 's open , "" she said ."
tr	7	She 's casting for him again .
tr	10	"But ... I got ta ask ... "" Seth was surprised at the hesitation ."
tr	10	""" Forgive me ; to which of your problems do you refer ? """
tr	5	After all this time , he still felt so very good .
tr	11	' What if they don 't sell enough to cover costs ? '
tr	9	The room was brightly painted but quiet , seemingly insulated from the rest of the building .
tr	6	""" Show me , "" he told her ."
tr	11	""" Do you think she 's there ? """
tr	6	Dad nodded to the fridge .
tr	6	""" Nate , "" Bobby said , "" I just cut a guy in half with an antique shotgun ."
tr	11	They were already in line to order when he hung up .
tr	5	""" Close your eyes , "" he says , and I do ."
tr	6	A lonely little smile plays across his lips .
tr	9	He picked out another one but it put it back as well , and he realized that he was bored .
tr	7	He was the proverbial kid before a road trip .
tr	9	The sphere glides away from the remnants of the discharge and toward the massive gas giant Jupiter .
tr	5	""" It 's all right , now , Sam . """
tr	11	We vote on ' When did you stop beating your wife ? '
tr	6	By then , a terrible throbbing pain wracked her temples and she could barely concentrate .
tr	5	And that was never a good sign .
tr	8	"Lunch is on the table only it 's not this table . """
tr	9	There he rides , bold as he can be , a murder and thief .
tr	8	When he made it to the gates , Elaina could see five men standing there .
tr	7	Other than the storms themselves , nothing was odd , except for the first one .
tr	6	""" Wh ... "" "" Do you just take it black , Rod ? """
tr	8	Leah was fighting next to him , and even in the midst of the bloodshed she was breathtaking .
tr	9	I don 't think we 'll ever know .
tr	11	""" ' Tis possible that I will ache later ."
tr	6	""" There 're so many , "" he muttered to himself ."
tr	9	He never knew he was under attack .
tr	11	Mac stuck his hand in the pool to see what would happen .
tr	9	He sensed Takeo was plotting a major assault .
tr	10	He quit laughing in favor of cursing .
tr	11	"And ... said that they were lucky , "" said Ben improvising on the spot ."
tr	9	""" I can 't stomach the sight of blood , even my own . """
tr	8	Seconds after we started running , flames ignited the liquid trail to the fuel tank .
tr	6	"Into the radio mike he said , "" New Orleans Coast Guard Radio ?"
tr	7	Sunlight filters through the window , and I turn my face toward it .
tr	10	That was when the gangs went to work .
tr	5	Chapter Three Angel Rule # 3 : Remain calm and gracious , even under pressure .
tr	9	"I simply wanted to pass on my condolences in person . """
tr	7	""" Hold on , "" Bradley caught himself , "" They did not provide the books !"
tr	9	""" Did you know I could do that ? """
tr	10	Gagging from the stench , he got onto his stomach and began to crawl into the lagoon after Riki .
tr	8	Rafe continued setting out the rye bread and chicken .
tr	7	""" Haven 't seen him around . """
tr	9	As she readied for sleep Hailey grew excited thinking about having younger siblings .
tr	8	"I don 't want anyone to hear . """
tr	7	Everyone in the group was loyal to the Falcon .
tr	9	Over his shoulder through the plastic of the barn window , she watched the snow fall .
tr	7	Slowly , he bent his head and she didn 't move away .
tr	6	I couldn 't tell , so I changed the subject .
tr	8	I had trouble addressing the man this way .
tr	11	I can tell you 're new at this .
tr	11	Jason is pushed forward as the missiles strike from behind and explode .
tr	11	Cade watched from the corner of his eye as Darin did his best to seduce Elaina .
tr	6	But it was always that same padded woman , always that same dim smile , always the same I 'm sorry .
tr	7	We would not restrain you against your will .
tr	8	That was one of the Romanian 's specialities after all .
tr	8	Then we can split up and fight our way through the remaining three bunkers .
tr	8	How else would she dream of me but in nightmares ?
tr	10	"It is not pleasant to be always troubled . """
tr	6	But human life -- human life is somehow more than everything else .
tr	6	Three hours fifty-nine minutes and fifty-eight seconds after the kidnapping the camera covering the stud farm zoomed out .
tr	8	Waving Willow and her group began to roast the pigeons .
tr	7	Without looking back she strode across the square towards Fiona and the children .
tr	6	That couldn 't be right .
tr	7	Okay , peeking at Dad 's files didn 't count .
tr	7	"But he isn 't coming with the plane ? """
tr	9	These observations occurred in the moment before I looked again at the fallen man .
tr	6	""" I told you , no dreams , "" I said , but he just shrugged ."
tr	9	' I spoke to a couple of her neighbours , a Mr Harrison from 8B and Mrs Garcia from 10A . '
tr	10	""" Mom , I have to go to the bathroom , "" Tori said ."
tr	5	""" Oh , I 'm still very positive , kid ."
tr	8	And when Simon asked for volunteers , every hand shot upwards .
tr	5	"It was kinda funny , though . """
tr	9	"My crossbow was leaning next to my pack just inside the door , so I grabbed that . """
tr	9	""" We have to rebuild her , "" he said ."
tr	8	Three sons and you 're the only one left alive .
tr	7	Do you understand these rights ? '
tr	7	""" How do you feel , old friend ? """
tr	5	""" Yeah , they did , "" Tori said and took out a big red book ."
tr	7	He 's one of them !
tr	5	Taylor 's head was spinning .
tr	6	""" Look , he and I were only a little close back in middle school ."
tr	7	""" Just two : a pilot and a miner , "" replied Ryan ."
tr	9	Hopefully -- because Earth was now left with no defensive force .
tr	7	To my way of thinking , that is only the beginning of a longer race .
tr	10	Cobble was always impressed by how Thatch always had the best ideas .
tr	7	""" Oh , you are right , "" Vijay sighed , "" I had a hectic night ."
tr	6	""" Your eyes , certainly , "" she added drily , and he let out a rueful chuckle ."
tr	10	The rest of the day was routine yet dragged for Dickie Mason waiting for the ' interpreter . '
tr	9	""" Where do you think those missiles are going ?"
tr	6	The deafening noise of the semi-automatic filled the confined space .
tr	6	""" Hey , "" he exclaimed , "" That island is moving ! """
tr	7	""" I remember you both very well , "" she said ."
tr	10	""" If you believe all those books say , you are not a Muslim anymore , "" Gabriel sighed ."
tr	8	The boy threatens to strike a young girl .
tr	8	She hoped she could help .
tr	5	""" Valiant , foolish gentlemen , "" he repeated ."
tr	7	Not that he was fat , by no means .
tr	10	The older lady turned her head to look towards Diamond Head .
tr	9	Despite his blas attitude , he couldn 't help being as excited as Riki .
tr	11	Amanda had jabbed him in the back to get his attention .
tr	6	The Pastor and Maggie hovered over the fragile skeleton in the small space .
tr	7	Frank shifted into low range for the four wheel drive and put the truck into reverse .
tr	11	How can you play football if you can 't talk to your teammates ?
tr	7	He stood in the doorway , blond curls long and dripping , small woolen tunic matted to his skin .
tr	10	She listened to the endless ringing as she waited for the phone to connect .
tr	7	""" So why don 't you , already ? """
tr	10	As he opened his mouth to reply , voices rose through the brilliant arch ahead .
tr	7	This house was totally dark inside ; they had not built a fire there .
tr	5	""" That bloody demon - "" "" That 's the peculiar thing ."
tr	6	""" No , come on , what are you doing ? """
tr	8	I saw you two walking about upstairs .
tr	7	Just then , Isaac was caught in an avalanche .
tr	9	It was just after midnight on the start of day thirteen and the hunt was on .
tr	7	Soon , he was the leader of the Faith .
tr	11	"I said , "" Dan where in the hell are you going to put all this crap ? """
tr	8	Riki prodded him to move forward .
tr	9	The parking lot was a crater with several cars randomly strewn about .
tr	10	I pressed myself against him and turned my face upward , stretching as high as I could .
tr	10	"I pray that Jesus would spare you both . """
tr	11	It was a numbness he knew well , one he had nurtured for fourteen years .
tr	7	Suddenly and without warning , she caught a flash of movement behind Lilith .
tr	7	' Well , he 's never kept any secrets from me , ' struck Merrill in further defence .
tr	5	Her sculpted back and flawless skin amped up my already pitched desire .
tr	10	When he was finished , he called for Sergeant Major Duncan , who arrived moments later .
tr	11	She always made an impression of taking information in like a sponge .
tr	11	She shouted something else as they descended the stairs but no-one was paying any attention .
tr	8	""" Yes , well ; as we have seen he has deplorable taste . """
tr	10	The room erupted in sound as the Superiors heard what Stephanie said .
tr	7	And his face was impossibly weathered -- tanned skin hung on his thin head like a damp leather sack .
tr	8	This time I got to see Captain Osiris up close .
tr	8	""" Just how many races have been coming here ? """
tr	8	Just the fragrance alone made him feel warmer .
tr	8	With each step forward the light continued to grow and a murmur of voices reverberated off the tunnel walls .
tr	7	Tobin asked loudly , then flushed and cleared his throat .
tr	8	Beppe stated , as her comments took his complete attention .
tr	8	Even if we all died in the attempt , killing Fuchs was the highest priority .
tr	10	Examining the weapon , he was excited by markings inscribed on the blade .
tr	8	As soon as she banished it , she 'd thrown up .
tr	9	It 's a breathtaking scene but how did I get here ?
tr	8	Now everything was communicated through runners and bicyclists , causing serious delays .
tr	8	In this line of work there are no coincidences and there is no luck .
tr	5	"The other day I cleared a twenty foot pool . """
tr	9	Sighing for an extended moment , the Queen hesitates before she summons another arrow and fires .
tr	6	It was so peaceful ; he enjoyed the moment .
tr	9	By the time Nathan decided to leave the basement , all the radio channels were ominously quiet .
tr	7	"You don 't know , David ! """
tr	10	I was extremely fortunate to have a dwelling so close to the Capital .
tr	9	Claire longed to stop and take in scene .
tr	7	The pumice eats away at my skin , but I don 't mind .
tr	5	Of course , with their kind , dead was a relative term .
tr	5	Now , she was just plain irate .
tr	8	Lonnie said as he and Ricky blocked their way .
tr	8	""" You 'll all be knowing me , "" he said ."
tr	7	"It 's almost sundown , "" she said and put the laundry on the table ."
tr	9	Catching him off-guard , he discarded his hostages and materialised his blade to parry my blow .
tr	8	"Do sing for us , please , "" he said ."
tr	8	The cook baked special biscuits in the hopes that it would help .
tr	7	"I couldn 't write with it anymore . """
tr	11	* * * Calvin only reappeared after Danny had come back from his shift .
tr	11	I asked still trying to stay on my feet .
tr	6	he said finally , his gaze steady on my face .
tr	9	I remembered the open door when Zeal and I returned from Danton .
tr	7	The rain had stopped and the winds had calmed , but a solid bank of clouds still filled the sky .
tr	9	""" Human lives were at stake ; they had to be protected ."
tr	5	They pushed , they shoved , they yelled , and then the hitting started .
tr	6	""" So where is he now on his new toy ? """
tr	6	"The twin in black , almost sinister said , "" I have you now . """
tr	5	CM : You -- BG : Yeah , yeah , Lor and me .
tr	11	""" Are you going to get in Hannah ?"
tr	6	Chapter 8 The Black Kingdom , Eleven Months Later ... Bronwyn smiled at me .
tr	9	It was enough time for her to lose consciousness .
tr	8	Thank you for downloading this free ebook .
tr	10	"Are you planning to stop ? """
tr	9	It made her feel wanted and alive .
tr	7	Without even realizing it , he was moving into speech mode .
tr	7	""" As you wish , "" Teel said succinctly , and then she tugged twice with all her might ."
tr	6	A multitude of tiny lights slowly swirled in a large sphere formation above it .
tr	7	He didn 't know that much .
tr	10	""" I think I would prefer capture to this . """
tr	7	Missy walked over to the windows and looked out .
tr	8	And they soon found the guilty object on the opposite side of the room .
tr	5	""" Lieutenant John Granby , unassigned , "" the dark-haired man said ."
tr	11	To disturb that stillness would place everything in peril .
tr	10	He admitted , with a coldness that surprised her .
tr	7	He scratched the stubble on his jaw , then tugged on his earlobe .
tr	9	' They were very interested in the amount of empty shells and blood found at the scenes , though . '
tr	9	""" The miracle is how you let him escape ."
tr	7	She said and together came back to the club .
tr	9	We paused in front of the second doorway and listened intently .
tr	11	Around us , servants milled about carrying things , cleaning , and maintaining the efficiency of the building .
tr	6	""" No , the locals are usually pretty quiet , "" Hamish answered ."
tr	8	Logan grabbed me then , physically lifting me to my feet .
tr	6	Why is she in pajamas ?
tr	7	""" Nothing yet , only typical chatter on cell phones , and things have gotten much quieter in the past hour ."
tr	11	Julian was worried because he saw more than everybody else here did .
tr	5	""" Basement , "" Franks said tersely ."
tr	11	"As soon as we have all the weapons , we 'll be ready to hump down to the landing field . """
tr	10	"We 're pretty sure we still have a slightly positive air pressure , too . """
tr	8	Hell , lots of people want to be you .
tr	9	They would need to gather support .
tr	6	""" Mauna Kea - that 's in Hawaii , right ? """
tr	9	But many showed the growing up of a girl with blonde curls .
tr	6	Dagger 's dragon 's eye displays the rocky yellow Calliope landscape .
tr	10	Ted could hear Joe 's breathing was much more ragged and he was falling back .
tr	11	They kept walking until they happened upon a clearing .
tr	7	Miriam and Mana watched for a moment , but nothing else happened .
tr	7	"What 's happening Eva ? """
tr	7	So , here we are , and you are for real .
tr	11	Simon instinctively looked up , every time a male wearing a uniform entered the waiting room .
tr	9	He wanted to sit and think of his next move .
tr	8	"' Ts gon na be fun . """
tr	9	"It was most surreal , heartwarming , enlightening , inspiring , I don 't know what else to say . """
tr	8	He jerked awake , leapt out of bed .
tr	8	Brand pointed to the pile of black powder on the ground .
tr	9	""" People call me Morrie of High Crag , "" the man said ."
tr	5	""" Not him , "" his tone was rough ."
tr	10	I didn 't want to think about it .
tr	8	""" You started it -- you shouldn 't have taken Claire ."
tr	6	The butler 's voice rang out , harsh and angry .
tr	8	Clinging to one of his legs was a teenage boy , also lightly sprayed in blood .
tr	10	His words were quiet , but no less powerful for being so .
tr	6	He wasn 't close but he wasn 't far and still , his raw energy invaded all around .
tr	7	""" He wouldn 't admit it , but this whole thing had him upset ."
tr	7	The sounds coming across the clearing were pure beauty and peace .
tr	9	Great goodness but scruples were vile things to live with !
tr	6	Or better yet , a city within a city within a town .
tr	9	Elaina had been too nauseous to eat .
tr	5	""" No , Grace , "" he replied , "" it isn 't that ."
tr	7	He walked to his grand cabin and plopped down in his chair .
tr	6	Adele shot an anxious glance at Eda .
tr	8	""" Let us not talk about it anymore today , Three Baskets ."
tr	6	Two double storey barracks , rough track into the camp , two watch towers , one guard building at the gate .
tr	6	The voice wasn 't the toad demon 's dark , grunting rasp .
tr	11	""" You mean you want us to kill him ? """
tr	8	The panicked agents all leapt back , clawing at their holstered pistols .
tr	6	""" My daughter can bake a mean birthday cake ."
tr	6	I won 't let you fall .
tr	11	She was trying to concentrate on walking .
tr	7	""" My tastes stray to the dark as well , "" said Lord Harald ."
tr	10	There was no way we were doing that .
tr	5	""" It 's too small , here and here . """
tr	9	Soon you could hear the clash of steel upon steel resounding at a high pitch through the night .
tr	11	Dark forces want to turn you away from the path of righteousness .
tr	8	For example , yellow pine and live oak and cypress reveal a ship built in the southern colonies .
tr	10	Asked Lea , who was getting nervous .
tr	10	shouted Gerry above the deafening noise , as he picked up the 30 calibre sniper rifle .
tr	8	"Once the cloth drops , you 'll be less excitable after a moment if you wait . """
tr	7	""" No I 'm not , Phillip , you and George are doing all the work . "" '"
tr	8	""" My friend , which one of us is the terrorist ?"
tr	5	' No I wasn 't ; not nearly . '
tr	9	Whatever calculating logic he 'd possessed was gone in the face of his burning rage .
tr	5	Like the ocean , his eyes darkened , the deeper she looked .
tr	10	Once we reached that snow slope , it would be easy ( but dangerous ) climbing to the summit .
tr	10	"Confirm a 75 percent angle , speed ... passing through 500 knots ... 54,000 feet . """
tr	6	""" No you won 't , "" Vasile said , "" At sunrise , I 'll lead you back ."
tr	8	In his command is an army that does not eat , sleep , or die !
tr	11	""" Do you know why you 're here ? """
tr	10	The rescuers thought it wise to withdraw quickly .
tr	11	""" Agreed , "" Zero seconded and just like that they all began to celebrate ."
tr	6	""" I speak that language , but this is something different ."
tr	11	""" Next , you want us to believe that God screwed up ."
tr	9	David said as he poked his head in the cottage .
tr	8	As day turned to evening , Ted and Melody ran out of ideas for preparations to make .
tr	6	A small creature , white and brown , covered in a brown fuzz .
tr	7	I squatted behind a crater and scoped the area .
tr	6	"But on this voyage I had two cargoes ... "" "" And served two Kings ? """
tr	6	"The Guards stormed the chapel , sent the distraught lass home and took Simon away . """
tr	6	His mother would love her dearly .
tr	11	""" Well , what do we have here ? """
tr	5	Gabe 's aura rears up .
tr	11	"Do you know what it is ? """
tr	10	""" You do know that we are pirates as well ? """
tr	5	""" All right , maybe the touching thing is a bad idea . """
tr	5	' Good lad , good lad , ' said Charlie .
tr	10	""" You 're supposed to stay with your group ."
tr	6	Grabbing a flight bag , she pushed through a door to the tarmac .
tr	8	He removed her petticoat , pressing kisses on her flat stomach .
tr	10	He smiled at the irony ; there couldn 't have been a more unsuitable name for a dog .
tr	8	He shook his head , surprised at his own thoughts .
tr	9	Now satisfied with the result , he decided to move forward towards the other two sentry points .
tr	5	A disgruntled super villain pining for prison reform .
tr	9	""" That 's the last time I do that . """
tr	10	"I 'll see you in the tribunal hall , child , and God willing this will end peacefully . """
tr	8	Normally everyone just put in a few days to a week every month performing public service or work .
tr	6	""" Join the military once school is finished , "" was the short and honest reply ."
tr	10	He ordered a fellow officer to go back to the trucks and radio in for extra support .
tr	6	Caf Amara , vestiges of another dimension .
tr	10	Joshua was in love with the rifles and wanted to fire one , but the ammo was too scarce .
tr	10	""" I can 't believe I 'm doing this . """
tr	10	As I got closer , I noticed she didn 't look directly at me .
tr	8	Paddy knew this from the tour guide , not that he really gave a shit .
tr	7	After the yelling stopped , the men 's amusement vanished and they focused on their task .
tr	10	I didn 't have any idea what to do .
tr	9	"You know how I feel about them . """
tr	8	""" Yes , you did , "" answered the Angel , "" and in a very real way . """
tr	11	I caught on to the choice of words he used .
tr	11	This man had the daunting task of collecting all the intelligence reports and providing the information to Ethan .
tr	8	After night had fallen , an old delivery van arrived and the two bodies were removed .
tr	6	Myers took off in a flash after the Sergeant Major .
tr	7	' Before you consider your next move , Lieutenant I have over forty armed men behind me .
tr	9	It means this is mean old Texas mesquite dirt .
tr	5	Even so , the flock needed protection .
tr	8	And I hope they never will be .
tr	9	"He said , "" I 'd say dress down sir . """
tr	6	' A bit stiff , but okay otherwise , ' I replied .
tr	7	Amanda nodded , slowly at first , and then with more conviction .
tr	10	It 's a good thing that your father is sending me along with you .
tr	9	I begged for her release and finally one of the slave girls offered to stay behind .
tr	10	Dane is cleaning the lizards so they can be cooked .
tr	9	I shivered even as the sun beat down on me .
tr	9	""" We 're gon na find you ! """
tr	9	"' Tis unlikely that there will be so few . """
tr	9	A girl gang passes near me , and that teenage girls started to giggle when they saw me .
tr	6	Trusting him was quite another .
tr	10	That was the last thing he should 've said .
tr	7	Just then , Timothy sees something in the distance , but can 't quite make it out yet .
tr	10	"And I 'm going to make that happen . """
tr	9	Chased unsheathed his sword , aiming the blade down to the old woman 's throat .
tr	9	The man tried to open the door but Jen had her knee against it .
tr	9	Elaina could hardly focus on his gleeful face through the ringing in her head .
tr	9	"whined Scarborough , "" I can 't bear the thought of that . """
tr	8	"I pray Allah will purify me by fire and accept me into Paradise . """
tr	11	""" This burger 's going to get eaten ... for justice . """
tr	7	She lifted the tray of empty glasses from the table .
tr	9	""" I ... I haven 't been using the Talisman , "" the Prince said , and felt guilty and ashamed ."
tr	5	Chapter 5 A Trap For A Thief Chapter 6 Confession Chapter 7 On The Trail Of A Cart Chapter 8 Captured !
tr	8	""" Looks like you made some headway . """
tr	7	"No one minds them -- I 'll be invisible . """
tr	10	"I know how extortionate the prices are ; are you out of pocket ? """
tr	11	The blow staggered the shapeshifter , causing him to lose his grip on Josie .
tr	8	She jumped down out of the bed of the truck .
tr	7	The windows on the second and third floors were evenly spaced and the steeply pitched roof guaranteed an attic .
tr	8	I had to admit , that briefly took my breath away .
tr	10	""" How do I know you 're telling the truth ?"
tr	8	When the fiercer gusts howled through the pass , even the squat fort seemed to lean .
tr	5	Four days later the captain was back .
tr	8	Logan was crouching amid the grass , and the doctor stood above him .
tr	5	""" Yes , sir , "" said the corporal hurriedly ."
tr	8	""" Not yet , "" he says quietly , "" but you can 't help what you are . """
tr	8	Finally with the town behind them the driving settled and Calvin rested his elbows on the steering wheel .
tr	9	He 's looking at the teddy bear on my chest .
tr	9	"How about some cinnamon coffee and iced cakes when we get home ? """
tr	11	She had been expecting to get Lisa 's ride .
tr	7	""" Sir , I will do my duty sir , "" he states ."
tr	6	Aside from no shirt , he appeared unharmed .
tr	11	This time , I was unable to hide the fury in my voice .
tr	8	He scrubbed himself , washing Oksana 's scent from his body .
tr	5	"The pure research I left behind . """
tr	11	"I need to grab a paper from that store , can you call us a cab ? """
tr	6	""" I mean it ; keep sharp ."
tr	7	""" Hi , "" Esther Hicks said and giggled , "" bye . """
tr	5	Beautiful old houses , cafes , and offbeat retail stores dotted the summit and slope .
tr	11	A soporific calm descended as she settled into the slow tread of the gallery viewer .
tr	11	But you have some very difficult tasks facing you that you will have to complete .
tr	8	He waved with joy as if guiding a 787 Dream Liner in for a landing .
tr	9	""" I have no idea what First Clan would do , George . """
tr	9	This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	7	""" But down there -- "" She pointed at the window ."
tr	7	""" If you have a flash , I can download any documents . """
tr	7	I feel Gabe 's weight lift off the bed .
tr	7	"What changed everyone 's mind ? """
tr	9	His movements are not fast in the typical sense , but appear meditated upon until their execution .
tr	5	Within their half-circle , against the dark ground , blazed a blue-white pentagram .
tr	6	""" There you go , che . """
tr	9	The speaker sounded resigned to doom .
tr	10	Here 's what I want you to do .
tr	8	Or maybe even say sorry ?
tr	6	"They are barely alive , their life force is weak , although clinging on strongly . """
tr	9	' No babe -- s ' just one of them things . '
tr	9	Have you been smoking it since we left you this morning ?
tr	6	""" Next one is shortly , Richmond Club , they 're coming here ."
tr	7	Again , they pushed it but it didn 't bulge ; they panted and leaned against the muddy wall .
tr	11	Bay Yan stood in the doorway , cloaked in the hide of a prairie bear .
tr	9	Bruno hesitated before handing me his phone .
tr	10	""" I am going to upload your AI 's memory file ."
tr	7	The body always wanted life , even when the spirit did not .
tr	10	"Lowering the window , he added , "" And ... try not to be seen . """
tr	6	I should stop , but I don 't .
tr	6	Clancy 's face was nearly paste white , his words hesitant .
tr	9	"You think you are strong enough for that ? """
tr	9	They had chosen this side because of the shadow ; it was the only cover available .
tr	9	Ethan recommended seizing the huge army depot at Milan and the Marine and Navy airbase at Meridian .
tr	5	""" Oh , but it is , "" Cordelia said ."
tr	9	We met after I read my latest story to a crowded salon .
tr	8	Do not answer that question ; I should never have asked it .
tr	8	said Cade gently , swimming back to the seawall .
tr	6	Anyway , I , uh , I got you a shirt .
tr	9	Would I be able to walk home ?
tr	9	"perhaps he wanted to be ' lost ' , certainly food for thought if nothing else . """
tr	10	His brain seemed to have stopped working .
tr	11	Jason deftly swings his arm to point his pistol toward Aria and squeezes the trigger again .
tr	7	""" I didn 't see anyone running !"
tr	6	""" Sorry , "" He replied in a whisper ."
tr	10	All she had to do was stop seeing him .
tr	9	"Those radio broadcasts could be coming from anywhere or be a hoax for that matter . """
tr	7	And in the cavity of his head .
tr	9	Just then their hosts rejoined them with a dish of dates and a bottle of wine .
tr	9	""" He told me I wouldn 't remember your name ."
tr	9	""" T , "" he turned to ask , "" is that fifteen minutes missing from history altogether ? """
tr	5	Three rounds of the needle .
tr	11	""" Yeah , if she doesn 't kill all of us first ."
tr	10	Unable to move a muscle , the utterly depleted Queen exhales in feverish bursts , failing to remain conscious .
tr	10	""" I 'm going to translate for them ."
tr	9	Actually , I don 't know how he feels ... he can be so unpredictable .
tr	8	It had been warm in the church and seemed even warmer outside .
tr	10	"That shows what a pretty man does to a woman 's mind . """
tr	10	Mr. Brave is clinging onto the mesh with his front paws and pushing his nose through the wire .
tr	6	I groaned , my fingers digging into the railing .
tr	9	It was a new home for some refugees of the Creek village .
tr	6	""" At eighteen , you are not really of any concern to social services ."
tr	9	""" It was supposed to be , "" Destro confirmed , "" But I sent a double in her place ."
tr	9	Byron thought about that for a moment , and then nodded his head .
tr	6	The hinges moved smoothly , however , and they glided outside .
tr	6	""" Well ... we had a little fight . """
tr	8	""" Good morning , your Majesty , "" Byron called , walking into the courtyard ."
tr	9	Gerry contemplated aloud whilst firing a few more rounds at the attackers now located only 20 metres ahead .
tr	10	"Kevin kept on trotting past the cabin and yelled , "" Bye !"
tr	6	""" Mom , "" he said with exasperation ."
tr	11	"I wish we had a crane or lift of some sort , "" Jonesy replied ."
tr	10	A man who will not bed his wife but will let another have her .
tr	7	Mr. No Name pondered for a bit then shook his head in agreement .
tr	6	One way or the other , this conflict would be over .
tr	9	""" So , if we speak about the truth , you deserve to know yourself one ."
tr	6	The guards complied , and Brazen never saw Noni again .
tr	9	someone not to be messed with .
tr	9	Duke turned to look at them .
tr	7	' We 'll find them , ' said Reid behind me .
tr	7	The entire structure had a deserted air about it .
tr	8	Besides , he thought , I haven 't had a good fight in a long time .
tr	11	I had to admit that that spaghetti was wonderful .
tr	6	"Sye winced , "" Not you too , the bug has a name . """
tr	10	""" Was capable of challenging any Werewolf anytime , anywhere and winning easily . """
tr	8	"We always need help keeping this place together . """
tr	11	He would face his last with what courage he could muster .
tr	8	Chapter 4 Dave and Rob were sweaty and hungry when they finally reached the lodge .
tr	8	It was dark outside now , chilly and menacing in the shadow of the darkened Andes .
tr	8	She smiled with tears running down her face and walked purposefully into Nathan 's embrace .
tr	7	The white twine connecting the various grid stakes had been cut and was in disarray .
tr	6	' They rested here a while , ' he said , ' but even the outward trail is already old .
tr	10	He was sure he had it with him .
tr	11	Her cheeks bloomed with pink spots and she seemed ready to spit at him .
tr	10	Connor felt like the invitation was another ploy of Billy 's .
tr	8	I saw the fury raging in his eyes .
tr	6	""" What 's in the lockers ? """
tr	8	You could always count on Callie for a tissue or a bandaid or anything .
tr	11	"His parents used to ask for the books for Christmas . """
tr	6	""" That air makes a change , "" said Rick conversationally , "" airport looks reasonably civilized too . """
tr	10	That night , the Prince went to sleep feeling bold , and excited that his vague plan was working .
tr	11	I think that 's about it for now .
tr	9	Time enough later for angst and self-doubt and plans for the future to be aired and discussed .
tr	9	"He stated , "" You with your rebellion , Landon , and you with your training . """
tr	10	You 'll know how to find them .
tr	7	"He was "" bringing everybody down , "" they had said ."
tr	8	King Martin wants a kingdom run by the best people .
tr	9	""" You can 't just let him go do his own thing ."
tr	10	He managed to kick Simon a few more times both to the face and the ribs .
tr	9	Panic began to shoot through her .
tr	6	I only received the news three months ago .
tr	6	However , a thin smile spread over his features .
tr	5	This golf course was his home course .
tr	10	Fletcher : a man whose very actions had sentenced himself to death .
tr	7	That 's number forty-eight in my book .
tr	10	"Shall we send someone for your things on shore ? """
tr	10	Henry , my father , isn 't strong enough to keep Karen under control .
tr	9	He could do this , work with Rupert in CI .
tr	7	He turned off the tablet and they headed for the door .
tr	9	""" You girls be careful with that thing , you hear me ?"
tr	6	""" We shall camp here tonight . """
tr	8	""" Oh , "" I say when Gabe raises his eyebrows ."
tr	11	Shaking away the irrelevant thought Claire looked around for somewhere to sit down .
tr	5	To a man , our attackers lowered their muskets .
tr	9	Someone started to whistle softly under their breath .
tr	11	He reached out his hands to break the fall and the lighter flew to the side and went out .
tr	7	"Voice # 2 : "" Things are moving quickly now ."
tr	7	Gabe tucks the gun back into his waistband , and his eyebrows come away .
tr	10	Spike would have to know about this .
tr	10	Raphael went to the front of the stage wondering what to expect .
tr	7	Almost choreographed , they each untied their shirts from their waists and slipped them on .
tr	10	Sit here and wonder what lies over that horizon .
tr	8	he asked without looking up .
tr	5	""" This isn 't funny ! """
tr	7	He felt a sudden and unaccountable pride in her .
tr	8	"Ireland had a nuclear bomb dropped on it ? """
tr	10	Not that she would know who Aunt Sally was , of course .
tr	5	Rafe sent him a glowering look .
tr	7	Valerian rolled from the altar on the other side , and started for the opposite wall on all fours .
tr	9	"Would you like to ask the questions or answer them ? """
tr	11	"The only feasible plan is to attack him while he 's not guarded . """
tr	9	Nobody else apart from the team heads , and now you , know of this part of the plan .
tr	9	"We don 't buy into that stupid "" we the five hundred "" shite . """
tr	8	I expected a backwater primitive community if anything at all and here we are living like the kings .
tr	9	""" You won 't ever find a Princess waiting here all night for you ."
tr	9	""" Well , that was good for us Mark , "" said Kenichi ."
tr	5	""" Anyway , Valentine 's Day isn 't a big holiday or anything . """
tr	6	Closing his eyes , he mumbled a quick blessing to himself .
tr	9	um ... stopped by to talk about Spy Games .
tr	9	She began to worry about infection .
tr	9	I thought you would see it .
tr	6	""" Save your breath , missy , "" said the older man , his eyes hardening ."
tr	7	He shouldn 't have done that .
tr	10	Do you know what that is ? '
tr	7	Anna murmured , correcting her grip .
tr	5	"but how do I really feel ? """
tr	10	When she did , she was more than I 'd hoped , more than I 'd dreamed .
tr	8	But why all the coincidences that seemed to surround her everyday life .
tr	9	""" I will if you don 't tell me everything ."
tr	7	A pained expression flitted across Tomas Godard 's face .
tr	11	"His daughter has apparently taken some leave to look after her . """
tr	7	Neil put down the basket and called after her .
tr	10	He pauses for a moment to collect his thoughts .
tr	11	People who are going to die .
tr	7	Let me fly her in .
tr	7	Vulcan turned the corner immediately behind him and the two ran hard .
tr	5	""" Quit it Rid , "" Paul interrupted us completely ."
tr	10	"He paused to draw Chris 's gaze , then asked , "" Where 'd you get this anyway ? """
tr	10	Claire turned and saw a rueful pair of brown eyes smiling at her .
tr	6	""" EAT FOOD QUICKLY , "" it ordered in a low , masculine voice ."
tr	5	""" Look , "" his mother said ."
tr	11	He swallowed for a moment , appearing to collect himself .
tr	10	The pressure waves from the explosion sent us tumbling across the pine cone covered track .
tr	10	The water skews the world , disrupting the normal smells , blanketing the sounds of the forest .
tr	7	At the nave of the giant hall , Phillip rose .
tr	11	"If 'n I was in their shoes , I 'd do the same , or worse . """
tr	10	"Pull in past the guard house , and I 'll get you a cup of coffee . """
tr	6	The environment is the shadow , the individual is the body ; and the shadow always follows the body .
tr	6	"Your death will save thousands . """
tr	9	""" I certainly don 't want to ruin your pretty dress . """
tr	5	After that , Jin 's day was a typical one .
tr	8	Beside the angel child was a still form wrapped in blue and white silk .
tr	10	"I thought we were going to Jimmy 's ? """
tr	10	"Fuchs is sure to be watching the house ! """
tr	11	But he did need to obey her .
tr	8	"She only means to protect us . """
tr	10	If I think you 're right , I 'll help you .
tr	10	""" You told me you worked on the fly three hours a day , Dad , "" she argued ."
tr	11	""" Do I need to wake her ? """
tr	8	A large parcel arrived at Police Headquarters this morning and it contained all of their possessions .
tr	7	""" Goodnight , Uncle Virgil and Aunt Theodosia , "" Miriam said , not paying attention ."
tr	8	' To be fair , he only broke my leg , ' I muttered into my coffee .
tr	7	"You have turned into quite the warrior . """
tr	9	After he briefed them on the plan , they all settled in to wait the few hours until dark .
tr	6	The charges were the greatest danger , Frank now realized .
tr	11	""" Oh , come on ; you know I 'm just fascinated with history -- like you ."
tr	7	I braced myself for the sudden deceleration and reached for the steering toggles .
tr	10	I 'd started to think you lot had forgotten me .
tr	9	""" The ambush was meant to buy time ."
tr	10	""" I told you the girl wasn 't the only one being watched ."
tr	5	And , in this case , nothing less than perfection would do .
tr	10	Gavin trotted ahead of him , displaying all the energy and resilience of youth .
tr	8	Cisco turned to Captain Jean , still holding his wife around the shoulders .
tr	7	Three I flew across the grass , feet pounding , arms pumping .
tr	10	""" Actually , it does have to do with Alita ."
tr	6	"Have you talked to your papa about this yet ? """
tr	8	It opens its jaws and bites into the hull its teeth puncturing the hard metal plating .
tr	10	He watched a man in plain clothes walk across the street and enter the building .
tr	11	, the elves were propelled skyward , back in the direction of the amusement park .
tr	9	Missy opened the map and found the exit number her mother had marked .
tr	5	""" Wait , "" Scott said gently ."
tr	11	He looked over Jess who had approached the window .
tr	11	Some are bigger than me but most are like me or smaller .
tr	7	""" Watch , I 'll get you another ! """
tr	10	Broken to this and me trying to crush the pieces smaller .
tr	7	I stuck out my tongue at him and my stomach reminded me of its urgent needs .
tr	11	""" What do you mean by ' speak to me again ' ? """
tr	9	"You haven 't left me alone since I found her . """
tr	9	You flogged that from the display didn 't you !
tr	8	The Daemon raised its staff , lightning crackling along its length , and brought it down .
tr	10	He put his hand out to her from where he lay on the cot .
tr	11	Yes , she remembered now , that was where they had fallen .
tr	8	""" That 's what I 'm told . """
tr	7	""" Would Industrial Products even know about you , Steve , or Melissa ? """
tr	8	He turned and went into the office leaving the trio alone .
tr	6	She threw her exercise gear on , grabbed her headphones , and ran out the door .
tr	8	From his place in the water he could not help but to admire her .
tr	10	"One cannot be buried with holes in his socks . """
tr	10	""" Is there something you wish me to do ? """
tr	9	"You have some explaining to do . """
tr	11	""" Well ... "" the ranger said , embarrassed to be watching the scene ."
tr	6	""" I once thought my daughter and my granddaughters the greatest treasure I could possess . """
tr	7	We needed new outfits , ceremonial swords and new pistols , shoes , and masks .
tr	5	the God of War of the Iban .
tr	10	I popped the K.O. canister and tossed it right onto a pirates ' head .
tr	11	In fact , I think she means to be helpful .
tr	6	He pointed to a paper on the nightstand .
tr	10	Before Finan knew what she was about she had moved forwards , thrusting her way between the crowd .
tr	11	""" I know they ought to make sense ."
tr	8	We were indeed late , and they were waiting for us .
tr	7	The team moved to St. Louis in 1995 , so his dad moved the family out there as well .
tr	6	Alejo growled into her ear .
tr	10	He gazes out into the trees , eyes searching for something far away .
tr	7	Walking over to the sink , he opened his mouth and glanced in the mirror above .
tr	10	Rand stepped backward in surprise , waiting for her to continue .
tr	8	"Well congratulations , look at what a wonderful son you 've raised ! """
tr	8	He kept me a good distance away until finally , on his final bullet , I was within arms reach .
tr	5	""" Good morning , Mr. Greene , "" the Captain greeted him ."
tr	9	This was going to hurt badly .
tr	9	""" He 's the Prince of Ravens , we can 't trust him , "" she said stubbornly ."
tr	8	She pulled up in front of the house later that day .
tr	8	It had to be Nick .
tr	6	Christy intoned , following up with spooky noises .
tr	8	""" My guy went through a lot of trouble to get this baby ."
tr	8	""" You can 't carry me with that hurt leg , Rick . """
tr	10	She asked to be left alone and spent the rest of the day closed up in her office .
tr	9	""" He founded the Kindred with the help of the land 's original inhabitants . """
tr	5	The familiar stern voice greeted her .
tr	9	A part of her almost believed she could feel the heat .
tr	6	' No one knows the answer to that question .
tr	5	""" Maya , take my hand . """
tr	5	Here , now , in the dark stairwell , Colin Lyons wanted her .
tr	6	I dropped to the ground .
tr	10	""" I 'm not sure they even consummated the marriage , so I wouldn 't be so sure about that ."
tr	8	The crowd that was dancing grew large and wild .
tr	8	There can be no other choice for us .
tr	6	The more news this drug gets , the more people realize its value .
tr	7	He left his horse , crossed the yard hurriedly , pushed back the hide curtain , and stepped into the hut .
tr	6	""" Inside grandpa 's casket , buried at the cemetery , right ? """
tr	8	The future of our species and welfare of all others depend on us doing the right thing NOW .
tr	10	""" We can 't risk them knowing that we know ."
tr	7	""" I do not think so ; ' tis far too cold . """
tr	9	""" It 's time for us to go ; I will leave you this notebook ."
tr	8	Their nest is in the giant tree in the green yard .
tr	10	I felt like I should have done something .
tr	10	""" And I tried to call the American embassy in Dublin , "" he said , pulling out his cell phone ."
tr	9	""" Sire , what can you tell us of the place ? """
tr	7	Reid certainly qualified as one , being a former Marine and cop .
tr	7	He lifts up his shirt and slowly inserts the needle into his hip .
tr	8	Then surely it doesn 't matter , ' said the Council member seated to Roman 's right .
tr	10	His eyes settled on a figure , picking its way through the debris to the west of the building .
tr	9	He folded silently at my feet , a look of stunned surprise on his face .
tr	8	He could only hear the clanking of metal behind him .
tr	8	I reach around and pull out one of the remaining white bunnies .
tr	10	They were on their way back to the yacht in a matter of minutes .
tr	11	I knew I was going to die .
tr	10	He sighed and scanned the ground for the burrows of snow voles or the tracks of mountain fox .
tr	8	"He let out some low growls then asked , "" Well ?"
tr	9	Elaina tried to scream , but there was no sound , only a cold rush of black water into her lungs .
tr	7	Miriam 's hair fell into her face and she pushed it out of the way .
tr	7	On the other side of the road a black cab 's light went out .
tr	6	In the distance , the sight of endless mountain tops ushered in a rising panic .
tr	7	She raises her hand in greeting .
tr	8	"It was nice meeting you . """
tr	11	"And that 's where things started to go awry . """
tr	7	""" Let 's go to the zoo , "" he said on a Monday and jumped up from the lounge chair ."
tr	10	' We 've got to keep going . '
tr	6	Amber is sprawled a couple feet away .
tr	9	"Take your time John there 's no hurry . """
tr	9	What if he knew where we lived ?
tr	9	You want to talk about something else .
tr	8	Each warrior had one , and as they picked it up , they found their place in the formation .
tr	5	In the pitch dark , the idea is terrifying and disorienting .
tr	7	Chris rolled his eyes , but couldn 't help smiling .
tr	6	He opened the corral gate , let Amanda through , and then closed it again .
tr	7	He did come back one stormy night , a week later .
tr	11	Her hair seemed a bit on the fritz and her face was pale , but she was there !
tr	6	' It 's done , ' she said in a flat tone .
tr	10	"Answer now -- do not keep me waiting . """
tr	6	Steam rapidly fogged up the glass wall before me .
tr	7	He leaned forward and poked a finger at the table .
tr	11	Danny stood back relieved seeing Johnny notch the volume down a touch .
tr	11	I took that to mean he was .
tr	10	The Wise Old Man pressed some buttons and the walls in the room came to life .
tr	9	he called as he moved toward the bow .
tr	11	Ricky responded defiantly when he knew he was had .
tr	6	he said to Nurse Edwards .
tr	7	The Prince retraced his steps and made his way back onto the boulevard .
tr	6	""" Based on the name , "" she said , "" what are your thoughts ? """
tr	8	Smiling at the coming journey , I wandered back through the forest towards the road .
tr	7	The captain blanched , but after a moment nodded his head .
tr	7	"Since we noticed the change , it 's risen nearly forty degrees . """
tr	8	' Is there an exit at the back ? '
tr	6	""" At home I have a cop outfit , a harem girl costume and a Playboy Bunny teddy . """
tr	9	"I think we 've got trouble . """
tr	8	Sporadic small arms fire could be heard from inside .
tr	10	Claire stood with her hands on her hips , her head tilted to one side .
tr	9	Dickie got her a chair and helped her sit down .
tr	11	""" My mother taught me to believe in the One before she was taken ."
tr	11	He was still too spent to even think about moving .
tr	11	""" Gon na check on the sheep in the far pasture . """
tr	8	Nothing was said between them but each had a grin on their faces .
tr	11	""" Why don 't you tell us what is going on here . """
tr	8	""" That tracking spell is leading him right to you . """
tr	10	Do what you have to do .
tr	8	""" Need to keep your strength up . """
tr	8	He was still unable to move .
tr	7	"I mean , I 've been around you almost every day for four years . """
tr	8	"In that case do it the fuck anyway ! """
tr	6	So why did she still feel regret ?
tr	6	Was the angry fool venturing his bare hands against her ?
tr	8	I 'll get down on my knees and beg .
tr	5	Or would she turn him away forever ?
tr	6	He shook his head , his knuckles whitening as his grip tightened on the steering wheel .
tr	10	Mostly they were old army buddies , many obviously taken in the jungle .
tr	9	As such , he had chosen , at last , to come home .
tr	9	I raced to the door and pounded on the wood for sanctuary .
tr	9	Hiking and biking is all well and good but they want to see more adrenalin .
tr	7	""" I don 't believe you , "" Mike said and crossed his arms ."
tr	9	We have welcomed many humans to our world since they discovered us .
tr	9	Wherever she was from , it was not there .
tr	6	At the reception , the room lights of a thousand flames brightened the hall long into the night .
tr	5	""" Yeah , you 're right ."
tr	7	He stuffed it back into his ear and then called out .
tr	11	There was nothing we could do about it .
tr	7	Of course , a slight breeze started at that instant , making the cage sway .
tr	9	It was like a long firehouse pole with narrow steel steps bolted to it .
tr	10	""" Aren 't you coming ? """
tr	10	Cisco thought back to where their journey had begun .
tr	5	""" In a few days , the full moon will rise . """
tr	6	' Yeah , yeah , ' I croak nervously , ' but ... your face !
tr	9	"But I think he 's lost it . """
tr	9	He seemed not quite certain what to do .
tr	6	He still taught English in a Junior High School as an assistant language teacher .
tr	7	At Anubis House , Mike and Kat packed their bags and left back to their hometowns .
tr	10	he asked while ogling the two women of seduction and charm .
tr	9	Simon decided to leave his schoolbooks and writing items in his locker .
tr	11	Like an alien trying to relate to humans .
tr	8	""" No amount of talking will fix this problem , and all this chatter is making me nervous ."
tr	9	Nothing would ruin a tanker 's day faster than an infantryman with an anti-tank rocket .
tr	8	Naturally he wants something else , it just hurts to lose that dream .
tr	11	I poked my finger into the melting chocolate , which I 'd normally be devouring .
tr	7	"Of course she costs very little in wages . """
tr	7	In situations like this , the darkness could be his best friend but it could also be his worst enemy .
tr	6	He regained consciousness for a brief moment during the jeep ride home , on route to the hospital .
tr	11	Dogs , domesticated not wild , circled their masters , begging every passersby to pet them .
tr	8	I bit down on my lip until I tasted blood .
tr	10	""" As opposed to being your slaves ? """
tr	8	He addressed me with a look of anger .
tr	8	""" Oh my god , "" whispered Logan when he saw it ."
tr	7	"After a moment 's hesitation , he said , "" That 's the problem though , you know . """
tr	7	"The only thing she ever exterminated were the dust bunnies under our couch . """
tr	11	I snuck up the stairs as the moon set , hoping to find him asleep .
tr	11	The Prime Minister looked relieved to know who she was .
tr	5	""" Yes , exactly , "" stated Nathan ."
tr	8	I knocked softly on the door , waiting bored but no answer .
tr	9	I wished it would be quiet .
tr	7	""" He marched on Atlanta and destroyed the South during the Civil War . """
tr	5	""" To new things , "" she said , and they both drank ."
tr	6	"That is all , "" she concludes with a stoic grin ."
tr	9	Buildings stacked so close together you could pour your neighbor a cup of coffee from balcony to balcony .
tr	9	With the bleeding completely stopped , he slowly released the tourniquet and watched for leakages at the end of the stump .
tr	8	Maybe I 'll just stay in my clothes , she thought .
tr	11	Mama sought advice from her own mother , who was so worried about her children and grandchildren .
tr	6	The smell of old food , dirty laundry , and the sweat of other men .
tr	6	Natalie and Sophia entered into a huge hall with transparent ceilings and walls .
tr	10	She knew that she needed to focus .
tr	7	I got off fast , with Laurence , watching around .
tr	8	At the end of their twenty minute set each audience member had received personal acknowledgement from each band member .
tr	6	""" Oh , darling Theo , I just couldn 't be more comfortable ! """
tr	6	In his fourth year , he blocked Noni from visitation .
tr	10	- If you want to kill me , please .
tr	11	You have already shown yourselves to be merciful , and I ask for more than you can give .
tr	7	""" This plan is still out best chance , "" Leah insisted ."
tr	10	But tell us distinctly what has happened ?
tr	9	Maggie watched the instruments as the Russian space station grew large in the cockpit glass .
tr	8	No matter how much you use it , it will always be sharp .
tr	6	Rafe thought for a few moments .
tr	6	""" For an inhumanly brilliant spiritual entity , you can really miss the freaking point . """
tr	6	' With a very odd-shaped beak , ' said the Lecturer in Recent Runes . '
tr	9	What had possessed him to lump Finan in with the ladies ?
tr	6	I am still holding mine .
tr	9	Brand said as they walked through the silent forest .
tr	9	""" Mr. Jones needed 70 percent thrust to land her hard ."
tr	7	Kurt let him go , glancing about .
tr	11	He sighed , already missing the freedom that he had enjoyed just the day before .
tr	5	""" Oh yes , certainly , "" Gordon answered ."
tr	10	""" I 'm glad you came home , but I am tired ."
tr	9	Two soldiers joked with each other as they meandered back to their truck .
tr	10	The Prince just barely stopped himself from letting out a gasp of relief .
tr	10	""" You know Abby , I don 't know , with you I feel much myself ."
tr	9	Davidoff 's tone clearly indicated that sympathy was not being offered .
tr	10	At the same time , he drove all of the women on site crazy .
tr	7	""" He was in a struggle -- against a group I would guess ."
tr	10	There are ways to cover your tracks , to be anonymous or to be someone else entirely .
tr	5	""" And a fun time , as well , "" Jake went on ."
tr	5	""" Yes , her wrist , remember , it was badly sprained . """
tr	8	He stood next to his son in front of the TV set .
tr	10	"Getting hard to walk here . """
tr	6	"Nodding out the window , Chuck snapped , "" Here they come . """
tr	6	In a daze , he saw a face above him .
tr	9	"Why didn 't you land flying straight and why are we zigzagging now ? """
tr	11	I should have you placed in a dungeon with rats .
tr	8	""" But what does that mean exactly ?"
tr	11	"I am glad to be free of them . """
tr	5	"The tree did though . """
tr	11	"asked Nicola "" Nicola , is there somewhere we could speak in private ? """
tr	10	She said she prayed they were , too .
tr	9	People had stopped eating and were grabbing for shopping bags and purses and getting up from their tables .
tr	6	""" We need not starve , "" he said ."
tr	7	The American 's had just made a new camp , and the cold rain made them all miserable .
tr	11	Fate seemed to have a strange sense of humor he told himself .
tr	8	Cisco held him in and out of respect for his father , he walked away .
tr	9	""" You should be more careful , yourself , witch ! """
tr	8	The man glared down at her , making her shiver to the bone .
tr	10	""" There were eight of us working on this project . """
tr	9	Wherever he found a security camera , he clicked the mouse and placed a marker .
tr	8	""" I 'm not sure what else to say , Jack ."
tr	9	Chapter XVI I opened the train car 's door and went looking for Logan .
tr	10	She instructed him and he commanded all the ships of the People accordingly .
tr	7	That doesn 't leave you with a large enough number . '
tr	10	"I said , "" Your thanks should go to Dennis , Sam and Ned they risked their lives for you ."
tr	6	""" You can 't -- "" "" No , child , you can 't ."
tr	7	Her blue eyes had dilated , and she nodded her head slowly in reply .
tr	9	The combination of ringing ears and their height above the tsunami gave the scene an eerie unreality .
tr	10	Simon 's run had now become a routine that he carried out every morning prior to breakfast .
tr	8	The cob whined in a low , weak sound , breathing its last and then passed .
tr	7	I looked in astonishment at a sight I can only describe as terrifying .
tr	7	I put my arms around his waist and dug my face into his jacket .
tr	8	Not because it was your best , but because I like it the best too .
tr	6	"I am kind of hungry . """
tr	11	""" Now , I see that my wife has collected some fine company for the evening ."
tr	11	Sam sounds like he thinks I 'm crazy .
tr	10	She 'll probably even be wearing a t-shirt with my face on it .
tr	7	"After all , we 're just tryin ' to scratch out a livin ' , Mrs. Walker . """
tr	6	""" Cook the evening meal , "" answered the Lord Baron ."
tr	6	' Hell 's teeth boy , make your mind up , will you ? '
tr	9	""" I was down to London for a couple of days , "" he said ordering another pint for himself ."
tr	11	On the verge stood another car , which was to take the security expert home .
tr	9	He had to get going .
tr	7	In the front of the line there was a tall black man with a white beard .
tr	7	""" How do you come up with this ? """
tr	10	asked Kevin surprised by the name being mentioned by the MI6 Director .
tr	10	Armageddon is no excuse not to be neighborly , he thought .
tr	7	He then turned and spoke to the other men and several moved off quickly .
tr	10	""" Do you have to ask ? """
tr	9	It was so motionless that his heart stopped for a moment .
tr	10	Everything had its purpose , whether the part be used for food or clothing .
tr	10	' I guess they 're on our side now , ' I said cautiously .
tr	10	Tarleton fired again , this time the bullet tearing through the creature 's torso .
tr	5	""" Yes , yes , good , good , "" was his reply ."
tr	9	Zombies can remain completely inactive for incredible periods of time .
tr	6	""" Anyway , I no more matter in this business ."
tr	10	""" If that 's how you want it , then so be it ."
tr	11	We were faced with a narrow walkway at the top of one of the castle walls .
tr	9	A feign into an uppercut , and the sting of electricity is becoming too much to bear .
tr	10	What did they call it ... ?
tr	9	She closed the door noiselessly and made her way to the sanctity of her own chamber .
tr	7	He could feel the Talisman 's weight on the cord around his neck .
tr	5	""" Did you give her a choice ? """
tr	11	Please do not let anyone know that you have spoken to me . '
tr	8	Reluctantly moving around the stagnant crustaceans , Rift makes his way through a curving hallway leading gradually down .
tr	7	The scenery below was a stunning mixture of lush green farm land , villages and forests .
tr	9	"Well my name is Abigail Woods , but you can call me Abby , I hate my name . """
tr	6	The energy around him jumps once , high off his body .
tr	8	She looked as awful as the last time I saw her .
tr	10	We 've found a number of these , a half dozen or so , though that 's no surprise .
tr	11	""" I guess that depends on how helpful you are . """
tr	10	""" And what then do you propose , my dear ? """
tr	9	Sofia gasped , burying her lips in her quivering hand and flinched away from him .
tr	8	said Jacob , a laugh in his tone .
tr	8	""" What I am ... where I came from ... you would understand it little and believe it less ."
tr	6	He 's whole again , he 's here again , he 's my brother , he thought .
tr	8	""" Way to think on your feet , "" Mai points out , thoroughly impressed ."
tr	8	""" You think I entertain all guests this way ? """
tr	10	Nathan next called Reggie Philips and told him what was going on .
tr	11	""" You didn 't honestly think that it would stay a secret , did you ? """
tr	10	The gist of the conversation seemed to be about the band 's inlay card .
tr	6	""" You have , I think , a letter for me ? """
tr	8	"She said , "" GW , you sound disappointed , are you ? """
tr	9	""" I can 't translate this , how he was ? """
tr	10	She even smiled a little once she was dangling her feet in the water .
tr	10	Reid stared as I tied a tourniquet around the dead man 's arm .
tr	9	She smiled and waited until the silence was complete .
tr	9	"Speaking past stiff lips , he said , "" We 'll leave the matter to the warriors ."
tr	11	She knew what she was talking about and he nodded his approval of what she had just said .
tr	6	""" So we can 't get home . """
tr	11	""" Do you think that 's possible ? """
tr	10	""" No , I 'm fine , "" the man replied trying to look nonchalant ."
tr	6	""" I 'm so outta here , "" I said ."
tr	7	The fields rolled down a hillside to a great big beach with white sand and surf crashing in .
tr	6	""" Well , at least she 's awake now , and that 's all that matters . """
tr	10	I turned to leave and stopped , turning to face him .
tr	7	Derrick and Dane both order the Flathead fish , and Henderson is having the steak .
tr	7	He had his arms crossed and his eyes closed .
tr	7	Not only that , but Payton landed another right cross counter on Lea 's face , making Lea back away .
tr	5	Isaac smiled , his smile , sweet and knowing , eased her agitation immediately .
tr	9	The men moved aside to let them back onto the island .
tr	10	The goons knocked her unconscious as they tossed her limp body into the truck .
tr	7	"Do not look at the skull ! """
tr	6	Suddenly , the door flew open and Jeff burst into the room frantically .
tr	10	she hissed through clenched teeth , her expression twisted in fury at his silence .
tr	7	They know , I 'm sure of it .
tr	7	"You boys don 't wander off too far , this won 't take long . """
tr	9	He saw a short , squat plant with large leaves burrowed into the rocks .
tr	5	""" For a while , but the drive to the prison was too long ."
tr	8	"That is , before her parents were up . """
tr	8	When Ted got back to his own house , Melody was just putting the finishing touches on breakfast .
tr	11	Into the first song he sang , as usual making them wait for the guitar .
tr	7	After a long , shuddering breath , a second quiver of alarm ran through her , setting her nerves jangling .
tr	11	"He just helplessly shrugged his shoulders and mumbled : "" She 's been sent to us ."
tr	8	Taking his battle stance , the boy eyes the overconfident sentinel , searching for an exploitable weakness .
tr	7	""" But my pilot , Captain Weber knows this stretch of the Missouri like his own face ."
tr	8	"When she asked , he explained shortly : "" When we die , we go to the heavens ."
tr	10	Still , clinging to a toy for all these years has done nothing to help him mature .
tr	8	Despite his reservations , his only option was to trust his brother .
tr	8	The bikers stopped a dozen feet from the edge of the burnt wreckage .
tr	5	""" Just tell me the truth . """
tr	11	This psycho actually did think he was a pirate .
tr	6	""" Hole or not , the engine works fine , "" Nate pointed out ."
tr	11	Ben questioned the old man , trying to distract himself from his own pain stricken body .
tr	11	Her joy to have him delivered back to her was tempered by the knowledge of how vulnerable they all were .
tr	6	""" Ah , er , Furnace , "" Virgil said ."
tr	6	"Continuing , he now exclaimed , "" So be it , sir ."
tr	8	"I have another two months to wait , "" Link added ."
tr	10	""" I could do with a bite to eat . """
tr	7	The Seraph strolled right up to Brian and kicked away his staff as Brian quivered on the ground .
tr	6	I picked it up and handed it over .
tr	7	Spotting Lilly Ann and her rolling canvas a big smile revealed an impressive mouthful of gleaming white teeth .
tr	7	""" We will talk about it a little at a time , okay ? """
tr	10	""" You don 't have to worry about her ."
tr	5	Through the rearview mirror , Colette saw her raise one hand and wave .
tr	10	He took a step back , injecting some much-needed space between himself and the old spy .
tr	7	"' I am sorry , mademoiselle , but I only sell men 's clothes . """
tr	7	His brow remained furrowed , but he tossed the rock into a trunk .
tr	8	Compared to other cities in Italy , Treviso was not a well-known tourist destination .
tr	11	Amanda felt as if she had been punched in the gut .
tr	8	He turned to face the crowd .
tr	7	She threw the tunic in his face and stomped off to the bathroom .
tr	7	He unlocked a door , stepped inside the room beyond and murmured something to the guards .
tr	7	"I could raise Toby without all this . """
tr	11	She took it over when her Dad died a couple of years ago .
tr	8	""" The elders say , hasten to redeem your celestial mother ."
tr	11	The house was pleasant like aspect , far for being cared , especially the lawn , which was like a swamp .
tr	7	""" She was very persistent for such a tiny creature , "" Lew murmured , closing his eyes ."
tr	9	"Three Baskets replied , "" She is strong and doing fine . """
tr	10	He opened his mouth several times before spitting out what was on his mind .
tr	5	"Please , forgive me . """
tr	11	In fact there were numerous differences in the approaches taken by Shadow and Agent 2C .
tr	11	She longed to sit still and let it all sink in .
tr	7	""" It 'll get better in time . """
tr	6	Several plush chairs , sofas , coffee tables and end tables sat in small groups on thick tasteful carpeting .
tr	10	# Harry 's eyes popped open when he heard Zoe yell .
tr	11	It was quite obvious that this was their first ride in a small aircraft , maybe their first flight at all .
tr	7	The woman sighed and shook her head , and Neil quickly intervened .
tr	8	Mana sighed and sat back , releasing Miriam .
tr	7	""" Perhaps you might tell me of it ? """
tr	7	After a few moments negotiating my way , I disembarked .
tr	7	The prince laughed and dashed the blood-stained strands into her face .
tr	9	They have been dated to approximately three thousand years BC . '
tr	10	But you 've not been interested enough to read the real signs . '
tr	8	They came expecting easy answers and got none .
tr	8	They have a system based on the number twenty .
tr	8	"Miriam opened her mouth , shut it , and said , "" Please forgive my behavior just now . """
tr	7	The colorful glare from the screen illuminated the faces in the front tables , the ghostly pale faces uplifted to Jake .
tr	6	The ring was huge , nearly thirty feet across , the mushrooms forming a complete , unbroken circle .
tr	11	The way the American watched her do it pleased her .
tr	9	""" Next you will be letting her feed you ! """
tr	5	' No it wasn 't , ' he told the dwarf .
tr	8	Connie was sitting up in bed holding the 22 .
tr	10	""" They do , and the Chinese are probably going to be our biggest rivals ."
tr	10	This person you say you love ?
tr	6	""" I do value my honor , "" he said ."
tr	7	I recalled the tears in the stranger 's eyes .
tr	11	She stuffed one in her mouth , balanced three more on her plate , and went back to eating .
va	9	The hippies nearest him began tugging at his pants , their thoughts most likely turning to rape .
va	9	That is until the night would come and with it the nightmares .
va	6	Then he set the sword 's tip against her ribs , just beneath her left breast .
va	11	The engineer had said he needed at least another week to finish .
va	10	Adele nodded and cast a last uncertain glance at each of them before turning to leave .
va	8	""" No I guess I haven 't , "" Ted replied ."
va	10	""" The man you wounded is the leader of this miscreant band of thugs , "" Mike said ."
va	10	""" How else are you going to warn us of impending doom ? """
va	9	""" And they 're worried but it 's hard for them to get out ."
va	6	""" Exactly , "" Adam agreed , "" Now where is the food ? """
va	8	We can go to the zoo first thing and then drive to the hostel after lunch .
va	7	Most of that investment interest was made between 2006 and 2007 .
va	6	Her fall jolted Valerian out of his paralysis .
va	8	He changed so much , since he came home .
va	7	He lifted his head and gazed at me with a tortured expression .
va	11	She had felt angry and betrayed , because he had put them at risk .
va	8	""" I don 't like this , but we have an opportunity here , and John is already in ."
va	6	""" My apologies , Your Highness , "" the pathetic card whimpered into the ground ."
va	9	When my arms gave out , I took a break and tried to calm my mind .
va	6	""" Big change takes time , "" Cyril replied , his tone a polite disagreement ."
va	8	""" She 'll probably have a net or two , "" Neil said ."
va	6	He wanted a black one , so he ignored the brown and white ones .
va	8	As you know , the Higher being has given a special and wonderful gift to each family .
va	7	""" I bet he did ."
va	8	Sofia took a deep breath and hold , releasing the arrow from her gripped .
va	8	It was a small cabin that Susan and I built ourselves .
va	9	Machi shouted back , and the other guards all began yelling at once .
va	7	If he never saw them again , that would be just fine .
va	9	"All that went through my mind was , "" Atticus ."
va	9	It was just past dawn , the shadows of the forest still long and cool about them .
va	6	"He smiled , "" Older , yes , but in my heart I 'm still a pup ."
va	8	Finn looked in the direction of the bedroom .
va	11	""" Are you sure you have to go ? """
va	10	When Tracy came to check they all covered themselves with their blankets .
va	7	He spat out the cloth , and pinned the Seeker with his gaze .
va	11	""" I 'm sure she 'll be fine , Mum ."
va	9	Suddenly , he realized they both were alive and had made it through the drive-by shooting .
va	8	His lightening speed was impressive considering his size .
va	7	He reached up and put all his weight on a branch .
va	10	"Do as you feel you must . """
va	11	"Do you know where they are ? """
va	6	It will be dark soon .
va	7	Resolute , I ran back to the Trojan and plunged my hand into the flames .
va	11	"I 've done a lot of interrogations in my time , but torture never works . """
va	6	""" Besides , "" he added , "" you 're just a child . """
va	9	""" I never saw him handling things so easy , "" Jess said and laughed ."
va	5	""" You do , Mister Bloor , "" Goodspeed said apologetically ."
va	9	Funny how quickly a weeping woman can be alone in a crowd .
va	6	The emotions of every man and woman present flooded Kea 's mind through his separated self .
va	10	However , Nelly had a bony hand and was not afraid to use it .
va	7	Neil looked at him in surprise , and Simon jerked his head at the cliff wall .
va	8	The quiet hangs over the encampment like a pall .
va	10	He sounded distracted , like he wasn 't even listening .
va	10	I 've got a couple of wood stoves and an outside fireplace , but no oven .
va	8	""" That was as bad as I 've ever seen ."
va	6	"I look forward to our sharing quality time on a more personal level . """
va	10	""" Better I stay here , I only have to come back first thing in the morning ."
va	5	The voice , Claire said , still saying the same thing ?
va	9	I 'd be caged like they are .
va	7	"I 'll follow towards his tower . """
va	6	' Crazy , my best female friend in love with me ? '
va	7	""" That would be most dangerous , "" he said ."
va	11	I omitted the details of Fuchs ' impersonation for the moment ; we 'd come to that after Phillip 's explanation .
va	10	I think he was taken by surprise .
va	8	"When the boy continued wriggling , he added , "" Look at me ! """
va	10	From the porch he had a good command of the whole camp and the long drive that led to the croft .
va	10	Jimmy turned his focus forward , catching a glimpse of something shocking in his peripherals .
va	9	""" When was the last time you saw my dad ? """
va	8	""" So the stars speak tonight , "" he resigned himself to his orders , "" we must follow ."
va	7	"I , for one , am proud of his service . """
va	9	The light slowly dimmed down as Tori threw the necklaces back to everyone .
va	11	' Bloody hell mate , that was good of you . '
va	7	Helen shouted from the balcony , and Laurence looked straight to her .
va	9	Sofia smiled by what the boy had said .
va	9	In the field , she started at the end closest to the village .
va	9	"Do you need something ? """
va	9	"She is the wife of an esteemed ambassador to Rome . """
va	11	They were both strong , agile and were well on the way to being men .
va	10	I want to know what happened .
va	6	Son , my days are past , but yours are ahead .
va	8	The sun was not yet up and a cool breeze blew down the mountainside behind them .
va	6	It just kind of hurt them really , really , really , really bad !
va	6	""" OK , let 's roll , "" Ed said to his adjutant ."
va	7	Zeal floundered on the floor , her face red with fury .
va	7	The grass lies upon the bare earth , black and singed .
va	8	""" Did you tell him in a long-winded way or with only one word ? """
va	7	His mind wandered back to that first day and his introduction to the apartments .
va	8	Every face he could see beamed .
va	11	Dominick looked surprised to have been asked that .
va	10	She knew what magic riding out in the world held .
va	11	They used to say to give people hope .
va	6	""" I can 't do this ."
va	6	The two new friends rested atop the hill for the night .
va	11	It was closer to the color of the burning gas than anything .
va	8	"It has to go someplace ! """
va	10	No one was going to come help me .
va	9	Tranquil Lady would go home with her son Wounded Eagle , and the rest were dispersed throughout the village .
va	10	She typed in public chat : Tori C : Life is horrible isn 't it .
va	11	The deck has a strange hum that is not present anywhere else in the ship .
va	9	"Come out of the dungeon at once , "" the young voice ordered ."
va	7	Flipping it open , he examined it .
va	10	"Are you ready to go ? """
va	9	"I didn 't know what to think . """
va	7	The two walked out the door and headed for the barn .
va	7	These samplings are brought to you by Big Pine Lodge Books .
va	6	""" This place isn 't really a school , "" said Edwin ."
va	11	""" Do you think your werewolf is here ? """
va	6	""" And why do they say that ? """
va	8	The building was free standing , on the edge of a heavy industrial development .
va	8	""" I am not permitted to answer -- "" "" Of course not ! """
va	11	"Do you need to eat ? """
va	9	""" What am I going to tell Sky ?"
va	8	She dropped her pack and lay down and rested for a little bit , and then started the food preparation .
va	7	"My screen lit up like a Christmas tree about twenty minutes ago . """
va	10	Usually such did not exist from our point of view ... A heavily potentiated chaos and I heard the call .
va	10	""" Okay ; why did she think Yin was the end of our species ? """
va	11	It was the largest hawk they could have imagined and it was heading south .
va	6	Nightmares still woke me during the night .
va	6	I held my breath and silently prayed .
va	5	""" And in the Meditation hall , their personal study hall , too ?"
va	9	As the last of the breath left his lungs he began to pull the trigger slowly and steadily .
va	8	She knew what she was missing .
va	9	""" Bring back that book - no matter what it takes ! """
va	9	""" How am I supposed to get there ?"
va	6	She and David spoke little on the ride home .
va	7	Now that we no longer possess healing potions , your magic is essential to our survival .
va	9	They nodded their heads , but I didn 't see even one fake smile , for me anyway .
va	6	""" Nuts , berries , roots , trapped game , and hunting with bows and slings ."
va	10	""" You cannot be such a dog as to do this thing !"
va	9	"The Angel was the first to speak : "" Your children need your help ."
va	7	We also need the fuel for emergency and essential vehicles .
va	8	Regardless of the weather , his Grenadiers were out patrolling the grounds , monitoring against the next surprise attack .
va	7	As Ted neared the building , he jumped down off of a car roof .
va	7	His emotionless face is shrouded beneath an old , damaged cowl .
va	6	""" If we hurry , "" she says , "" we can attend mass this morning . """
va	7	""" So , you 're going on your second raid next Monday ? """
va	8	I THOUGHT GREED WAS GOOD ?
va	10	It had begun to ache in earnest .
va	7	The shouting of the crowd died to a murmur and finally to utter silence .
va	8	He went quiet after that , staring out to sea .
va	11	added Simon in an attempt to change the topic .
va	5	""" A chili dog and a Coke , "" he said , and then frowned ."
va	8	She laughed sheepishly , probably to cover her embarrassment .
va	6	Is Saturday and my parent 's best friend invited us to her place .
va	11	She staggered up , yammering as if the sight had almost unseated her reason .
va	8	' They 're taking him to Linz , ' Victor continued , ignoring the interruption .
va	11	""" Tess , do you ever want to give life ?"
va	10	Mr. Clancy would be there ; he always was and it seemed he always would be .
va	8	""" We found an ancient Roman drawing with kids in the background playing soccer ! """
va	9	' Green , ' I mumbled , the word spilling out before I could stop it .
va	9	""" Your body is chained to a bed , inside a van , on its way to a holding cell . """
va	5	""" Oh yeah , "" Gabe sighs ."
va	10	Bron raised his hand in a gesture of farewell , and moved to follow the warrior 's tracks .
va	11	I 'm going to take you someplace wonderful .
va	10	If he grew more annoyed as Miriam and Neil stuck together , he didn 't show it .
va	6	Not a mean bone in his body .
va	8	A second later , I was behind the desk , Lacroix 's gun still gripped firmly in my hands .
va	5	""" Ah , Princess Laura , "" Prince Duncan was now obviously very displeased ."
va	8	She handed it to him without a word and followed the two of them outside .
va	10	Snow Job tried to stand , but his legs failed him and he toppled to the ground again .
va	9	' We 'll go through basic drills in the air . '
va	8	"This all sounds a bit like voodoo to me , to be honest . """
va	10	""" Take her home , "" he said to the boy , "" and wait for me ."
va	11	Nailed to a large wooden post in the center of the market was the Hangman 's List , recently updated .
va	6	You probably passed the disused main gates on the way here . '
va	11	""" I 'm sure Sid could set him in his place . """
va	10	"It 's not like you 're short of paper . """
va	11	""" Do I look like I 'm kidding ? """
va	11	"Do you want to die ? """
va	6	Finan saw no reason for such hilarity .
va	10	"Miriam asked "" He spends all his time blabbing with that woman . """
va	7	he panted , and pressed a heavy knife into her hand .
va	7	Scarborough received no punishment that day , but the dream now haunted her in her deepest nightmares .
va	6	That being , of course , me drinking from her wrist , usually from the same old scar .
va	7	His right wrist was twisted at an odd angle .
va	7	The giant stepped back , then raised the heart to his chest , opening his mouth .
va	6	The history behind this novel is completely disputable .
va	8	A small force lay in formation ahead of me .
va	8	Neil asked , pointing to the lagoon .
va	9	I wait for more , the spill of confession , the breakdown , the stubborn justifications .
va	7	""" I already have a gallery 's worth of fine pieces ."
va	8	After that , they slowed their pace , and the Prince lost track of time .
va	6	On particular Chef worked harder than the others .
va	8	From then on , whenever she would see him she would put his hat on her head .
va	9	""" Waiting ... "" Rick answered as Abby typed the same at precisely the same time ."
va	10	He could probably be killed just for hearing it .
va	8	Fuchs now looks exactly like each of you .
va	9	Except to go with me .
va	7	""" Jesus , Cera , that man 's a priest , "" Taylor said , shocked ."
va	7	""" So he 's after a lover , then . """
va	5	""" You know , Jake gave your Dad quite the responsibility today . """
va	10	""" Right , "" David said , settling on the bed with them ."
va	11	Driving the last vehicle proved to be more difficult than expected .
va	9	' These aren 't snails are they ? '
va	11	At every opportunity she tried to pass on all these gifts to her children .
va	10	Ricky was starting to like Blackie 's canter .
va	7	When the bell finally rang , he grabbed his books and quickly stuffed them into his backpack .
va	6	Zelda asks , her disciple long since dispatched for more reconnaissance .
va	8	Their eyes glow a dead blue , like a full moon on a windless night .
va	7	We turned down a dusty , dirt road and pulled off to the side under a big umbrella tree .
va	5	But here in the late afternoon sunset , her face , well modeled and feminine , gave away her secret .
va	7	""" So , "" Mike broke the short silence , "" there it is . """
va	8	To spare you the details , these men , foreigners from America and England , lay in wait .
va	11	You have to take care of you and your leg .
va	8	Chapter 29 : Friends in Need The day began with a pleasant surprise for Noah .
va	10	That meant I had to leave .
va	11	But we must take the chance that they have laid their ambush in the rooms above .
va	7	""" ... put together some wicked searches ."
va	9	Tim sighed in relief when Andy tapped him on the shoulder .
va	8	The streets were void of life , with the exception of the soldiers .
va	11	Men leapt from their path as they charged through , leaving angry shouts in their wake .
va	8	By the bleary eyed dawn , they were both stumbling back to a room rented by Avery .
va	10	Confronted with total darkness Andy had to grope his way along by feel alone .
va	7	The others had long since fallen fast asleep .
va	7	He looks at me , and his face goes hard .
va	10	With a sigh Danny croaked , ' I never said I wasn 't coming .
va	5	""" My brain already melted , Ryland , it 's too late . """
va	10	The next hour passed at a snail 's pace while we watched a large machine hum quietly .
va	10	They had only come into contact if Neil and Mana were in the vicinity .
va	7	""" Some of your notes Victoria , "" said Toby ."
va	6	""" Yes , "" Lilly 's reply was like a secretive whisper ."
va	6	"When night came , Dane passed out instructions , "" We need food , water , and ammo for our guns ."
va	9	I breathed slowly and deeply , the guns barely jerking in my hands as I emptied the magazines with deadly accuracy .
va	10	When enough of these signals of good would be won , then the star would be returned .
va	9	Liked it enough to rejoice .
va	10	The great brute squatted below , watching the crag with the frightful patience of the reptile folk .
va	6	My main concern is winning her trust .
va	11	There are things I cannot be involved in .
va	11	the questions started to come from all over the assembly .
va	6	The quiet subservient slant of his shoulders was gone .
va	10	Prepare yourself to be transported to new and fantastical worlds .
va	8	When they do , we need to be ready .
va	8	Sitting in the waiting room Manuel felt worried about his mother and Gordon , but he didn 't feel sad .
va	10	He just couldn 't resist turning the knife a little , so to speak .
va	7	How could Alejo have survived that ?
va	6	I moved the katana once and stepped back smoothly .
va	10	Two days later Tony took the BMW , turned up the M40 in the direction of Oxford .
va	10	""" Well , I 'd need to tell you about my motorcycle then . """
va	10	That was exactly what Mom had said to me .
va	8	The cave was large enough for many people to live inside .
va	6	""" Ah , ah , ah , "" he said in his Brother Silence voice ."
va	7	To see her younger brother was truly a big relief .
va	8	""" We are aware of our situation , "" Lisa adds ."
va	9	The ones that are left I trust .
va	8	Green bills fluttered in the air as I lost my hold .
va	10	Roofs had fallen in here and there where supporting timbers had burned or rotted away .
va	5	' Papers please ' ' Yes sir ' David presented his passport and visa .
va	10	They should get in the house where it would be safer .
va	10	""" Can they do anything to the platform you build that far up ? """
va	7	"Maggie reported "" forty-five percent power ... 50 percent power , 55 percent power . """
va	6	""" We have only just arrived ! """
va	5	""" A chill down my neck , perhaps , "" Aunt Clara whispers ."
va	8	Advances in agricultural production , as well as technologies have led to better crop intakes and a safer work environment .
va	7	Claire looked up and smiled at the girl eating breakfast by herself in the kitchen .
va	10	Our whispered exclamations cut him off for a moment before he held up his hands for silence and resumed .
va	5	""" Well , hello , boys . """
va	8	Sometimes these men are referred to as wizards .
va	11	I have to believe it is a full-scale invasion .
va	9	Tried to play for time .
va	6	Well over six feet tall with massive muscles all over his body .
va	10	She was going through a folder searching for something .
va	10	He saw Arthur Cobb being interviewed by a TV reporter he recognized .
va	5	A short pause , then Peddle 's , one office nearer and that much louder .
va	11	""" He has been begging you to come and stay in this house again ? """
va	5	No hatred , no malicious gossip , no judgment , jealousy , or criticism .
va	8	Lance extends his hand and the PCD flies across the room and lands directly into his hand .
va	9	""" Seriously , man - you got ta take it easy ."
va	6	""" It 's not that , "" Gabe says , almost to himself ."
va	5	"And how much longer will that be ? """
va	8	The next time her eyes slid his way , he raised a hand in greeting .
va	11	""" Jack said there was a fire , "" Lilly Ann mused , "" who knows . """
va	6	' No , sire , ' he said smoothly , ' I have been very fortunate . '
va	5	But with those two , you could never tell .
va	8	"Oh , you boys look good enough to eat ! """
va	10	You have to love ignoring them .
va	8	I shouted to her without turning my face .
va	7	' You were there when my parents died ? '
va	11	We were paid by a company to keep the goods intact and on time .
va	10	""" What say you roast us a pig , Smitty ?"
va	8	Gema nodded her agreement with Wendy looking on in amazement .
va	7	""" He 's a nice guy anyway , kind of a pushover ."
va	8	"I didn 't train your papa ; I merely gave him confidence in his own abilities . """
va	5	With my good hand , I dig out my phone and speed dial Jesse .
va	6	Nothing special , a later model compact car , but it had ice cold air conditioning .
va	10	Ryan had been avidly interested in space exploration ever since he could remember .
va	8	The close up photos on the ground , were taken by myself .
va	7	Shielded from her view , Chris rolled his eyes .
va	8	""" Works even better than I thought ."
va	10	He 's got tons of contacts all over the place and will probably go places we can 't .
va	10	I knew I was getting hypnotized .
va	9	Thoroughly filthy , she turned to Cade with her hands out .
va	5	"About the war , you mean ? """
va	8	""" We have to leave Connor ."
va	8	"But when the returning groups asked , "" Have ya seen any ... folks like us around ? """
va	8	""" I thought you were dead ."
va	7	Number 7 in blue slid under Number 11 in yellow , and kicked the ball to Number 21 in blue .
va	8	I present to you the former leader of the Bastian Hunters , Tomas Godard . '
va	10	Of course it was possible there could be other casualties .
va	7	But the colours , the shapes , were wrong ; there were purple and yellow hues , like a growing bruise .
va	7	All eyes were glued to the images .
va	9	Royal blood soaked into my trousers as we knelt before the wounded king .
va	8	The thought made him shiver with pleasure .
va	8	I heard a crash as he hit the concrete floor .
va	9	""" There 's one guy with a pair of robotic arms ."
va	8	""" And where are we to get horses ? """
va	9	David gave his wife 's shoulders a squeeze .
va	6	"The future of your own race is in your hands . """
va	7	"We could be back come late afternoon . """
va	7	She kissed my face , and then brushed her lips along the skin to my neck .
va	10	Obviously he was going with the not-so-subtle approach to questioning .
va	7	""" No , Hezbollah has renounced terrorism , "" Alejo insisted ."
va	8	""" I suppose it matters not , the important thing is that we are prepared . """
va	7	Terror raced through his body ; his life ; his dreams ; his job ; his friends .
va	8	Sofia lowered her knees with a dagger on her hand , thrusting towards an unseen enemy .
va	9	Landon circled her sword drawn , as grim as death , but the guard paid him no mind .
va	8	""" You sure you 're all right ? """
va	8	she declared , posing defiantly , hands on hips .
va	9	An hour later she was certain she had her answer .
va	6	After a few minutes more , I heard the phone click into the cradle .
va	9	Her looks gave the impression of someone who enjoyed science fiction and computer games .
va	11	"It 's not going to create a new economy for this town . """
va	9	It was the singing that engaged her , however .
va	6	"when are you coming down ? """
va	9	"This time they followed dad 's instructions and their "" innocent "" stroll went off without any mishaps ."
va	11	Whether he wanted to be or not .
va	6	One of the girls immediately grasped his hand , moved it gently aside , and took a grape .
va	7	The creatures rushed forward and leaped at their prey .
va	9	She and Kate were sitting in the study overlooking the tennis court .
va	6	Still zipping up , Gabe comes around .
va	5	""" So Manuel , you know any magic ? """
va	6	The portal shimmers and sparks and with a brief flash disappears .
va	9	He declares , pointing a finger at the reclining phantom .
va	8	"he thundered , waving at the bath . """
va	7	Two of the dead are children John ; the bastards have shot young kids . '
va	7	Nothing to be alarmed about .
va	9	' When you gon na tell Liz ? '
va	10	One by one other voices joined the first until the whole pack was crying at the night .
va	7	He untied the ropes binding Andy 's wrists and pulled the sack from his head .
va	9	One thing I can say though , the head was taken off with one single cut .
va	11	"I think we all want a different childhood to the one we had . """
va	7	""" It 's killing me , "" she rasped , her fingernails digging into her own stomach ."
va	10	The coiled Snakes came together like magnetic springs as they grappled and entwined and forgot about the Mice .
va	10	She turned back to Rafe , large eyes looking up into his with a lost expression in their depths .
va	9	He explained glumly , hands on knees while he fought for air .
va	7	""" How dare I what ?"
va	5	""" The UN better buy me a new one . """
va	11	Anderson looked at Beau and hoped that what he was saying sank in .
va	6	""" Trough and pump 's this way , "" he said , and gave the bridle a tug ."
va	5	The creature , angry and slobbering , turned and followed .
va	10	I looked up at the corner I was now climbing .
va	9	It was early afternoon but already it seemed as if the sun had disappeared .
va	6	At one time his name was honey or babes but somewhere along the way the pet labels vanished .
va	10	""" When we make a mistake , we do everything in our power to fix it . """
va	9	""" Now , where to begin ."
va	10	I feel like I 'm failing you on this .
va	11	We 'll keep you posted as this situation develops .
va	10	He seemed to be looking around for something again .
va	5	For the next hour , she and Alex talked , laughed , and teased .
va	8	Without warning , an explosion of flame ignites all of the torches simultaneously , illuminating the entire cave with orange light .
va	11	"Jim said , "" Sir would you like to take her in ? """
va	7	I went to Montana for four months and never talked to him again .
va	9	Trying not to disturb Riki , Neil leaned forward .
va	10	He looked away so as not to betray himself .
va	6	"Without sunlight , their crops would not grow , and their animals could not graze . """
va	8	He held the phone in his chapped hands and flipped through my pictures , including ones of Aimee .
va	9	""" We have three , I 'll not be needing more than one , really ."
va	10	She said beginning to be hysterical .
va	9	he asked , before putting it in his pocket .
va	8	""" Awwww , mushy stuff , "" he said , plopping himself down at the kitchen table ."
va	11	"And try to be nice for once . """
va	9	I thought Carlos was overstepping the mark .
va	7	"Everyone knows about the Changing ; grey eyes draw attention . """
va	10	Never would she give him pain or cause to regret that kindness .
va	5	After some minutes , she was weak and powerless again .
va	10	He had no idea what was going on either .
va	8	I have witnessed it with my own eyes , myself and 2 other agents acted to preserve it .
va	8	As the silence lengthened , the Prince once more felt tension creeping into his shoulders and chest .
va	9	Rather than see her , or hear her for that matter , he sensed her presence at his side .
va	8	There wasn 't much time , and he really needed to think .
va	7	One camera crew was there on the far end , no doubt doing a follow-up piece .
va	7	I can 't hear the pumpkin wedges through the permanent brain damage !
va	9	My hands were bleeding with blisters from the shovel .
va	11	""" I think you will find we have every choice . """
va	7	She hasn 't been beaten and behind the scenes , remains in charge .
va	7	On the other hand , these men have proven rather insistent .
va	11	""" It will happen in time , when the sea releases us ."
va	10	""" Feds are coming in , to secure the scene , 532 , "" the dispatcher advised ."
va	8	Then I brought my left fist into his side with full force , releasing some static charge in the process .
va	7	His breath left his lips in a soft sigh : he nodded with a defeated expression .
va	8	asked Ben , tilting his head toward Mohammed .
va	10	Its large wheels made easy work of the rolling landscape and its solid metal frame appeared impenetrable .
va	10	David spoke as he followed his son from around the house .
va	6	""" Was that a gun ? """
va	6	""" Me and Evil Harry go way back , "" said Cohen , rolling a cigarette ."
va	11	OK , now this part is going to blow you away if you 'll excuse the pun ... ... . .
va	6	' Outside the client 's building , ' he replied .
va	10	Amy looked at Katherine but didn 't move to answer it .
va	11	You 'd think they would clean up for this .
va	8	He announces , quickly beginning his trek toward the treasure .
va	7	With a shudder , I turn away and press my hands down hard against the porch .
va	8	Creep didn 't let it faze him .
va	8	""" Thank you , though I understand his meaning clear enough ."
va	10	""" She never had any intention of killing me you know ."
va	10	He had been well looked after and loved by the Australians he had met .
va	10	A lover of history and fantasy , Michael now writes to show the personal side of the past .
va	9	""" Yes , it is Pedro , and I hope he is still alive ."
va	8	Her heart was thudding against her ribs , but her eyelids drooped .
va	10	Sky ran along the boardwalk through the pine trees and stopped as if she 'd hit glass .
va	9	""" We want to go fishing , "" said Loot ."
va	7	""" We have a killing out at the Belmont Lodge Golf Club ."
va	11	At that moment Michael and Ben appeared and offered to post Ivan 's letter for him .
va	8	Although the station wasn 't far , the roads twisted and turned and were not at all logically organized .
va	7	I stammered dumbly , cowering now .
va	7	""" Targets are on the thirteenth floor , "" A male voice added ."
va	11	He seriously doubted whether he could have lifted it anyway .
va	5	His men , throughout the building , had a similar disheveled appearance .
va	10	Neil rolled into the sea and sank , arms and legs waving in a desperate attempt to stay afloat .
va	6	""" Yes , sir , about that ... "" began Beau ."
va	6	The new Kyle had spindly arms and legs , a long , narrow nose , and bluish skin .
va	5	The good , the bad , the beautiful , the ugly , the pleasure , the pain .
va	7	""" The entire complex is underground and covers nearly three miles . """
va	8	It flared up instantly and revealed the end of the tunnel .
va	9	Rift asks , remaining in her lap as his suspicious thoughts dull and fade away .
va	8	""" My master asked that you might come quickly , my lord . """
va	8	The suborder of Healers spearheaded the search for influence , but behind everything was the shadow form of the Teachers .
va	7	' Don 't know ' I replied .
va	7	""" I am from the south , "" she said ."
va	10	' Are you looking to take it all the way ? '
va	5	"Or maybe , ' drugs are never good entertainment , right ? ' """
va	7	""" All right , sounds like a plan , "" Bradley agreed , hearing the noise up above ."
va	10	With the strap wrapping around the leg , he pulled hard to tighten the cloth band around the skin .
va	7	Then , in the all but silent room , a slight rumble came from beneath the ship .
va	9	He flicked through the contents pages until he found a reference for Osaka .
va	7	The Asian on the left , the smaller of the two , in the designer suit , was talking .
va	10	""" I don 't know , to prove a point , I guess ? """
va	7	"Behind us ; some chief hollered , "" Knock it off , shows over , back to work . """
va	11	It seemed he was just as angry with Jane as he was Bryony .
va	8	""" I don 't know about that , "" he laughs , moving past the green fountain ."
va	10	Chapter 13 : John Kisses Good The next morning Lilly Ann was in especially high spirits .
va	7	After a few moments of frenzied side discussion and shouted argument , Jess reigned in the chaos .
va	10	That was a part of her that didn 't surprise him at all .
va	10	It could be the most important journey he had ever undertaken .
va	9	""" I have most of your things unpacked , and I 've had a bath poured ."
va	7	""" May the Truth go beside you and Peace watch your door . """
va	6	Silence clots up the air , and , in my experience , that 's never a good sign .
va	10	It was a force that called to their weapons .
va	5	To my surprise the entire car was empty .
va	6	There was metalwork , jewelry , ceramics , photography , oil and watercolor paintings , sculptures and crafts .
va	7	As a matter of fact , much of it is based on the Constitution .
va	7	Just then a shadowy flutter of white came along the bushes and stopped beside the bear .
va	9	Placing the pistol in her briefcase and using Robert 's keys she opened the door into the living room .
va	5	Half an hour later , 2 hours until dusk , the first Scottish guns opened up .
va	5	""" You mean , this group isn 't just all e-mails and threats ... ? """
va	6	"At his appalled expression , she said , "" Yeah , great image , isn 't it ? """
va	10	A balmy breeze dried him after he 'd bathed in the Mediterranean .
va	8	The woman behind the glassed in counter gave me a funny , sympathetic look as she bagged them all up .
va	6	""" A business trip that involves a corporate jet , a dressy reception and high-end fund-raiser auction ."
va	7	A door to the right was cracked open .
va	7	"Gavin 'll go with you . """
va	7	Her skin dimpled in the cold , but she didn 't cover herself .
va	7	Even if things go well , there will likely be blood .
va	9	With a satisfied grin , Roberto left them to be reunited once again .
va	10	Give them something to do , give them purpose , and they are yours to command .
va	7	He looked at the old man with white hair and a long grey beard .
va	10	""" Do you mind if I say grace ? """
va	7	yelled Tommy snapping Ricky back by the shirt collar and throwing him to the ground .
va	8	Maria took Connor by the hand and walked right past him toward the glass elevator .
va	7	His voice was nothing but a hoarse whisper .
va	5	"Did you hear that ? """
va	9	He scrolls through his HUD and finds the channel he needs .
va	8	"And Anna , set up the DVD for us , OK ? """
va	7	' Seeing your taste , about a million .
va	7	"Let me go at once ! """
va	5	""" Decade after decade it 's all the same ."
va	8	Following the path of death tentatively , he spots the fairy once again in the distance .
va	8	For your Easter Homework please choose one of the following two options .
va	9	"Do you have news ? """
va	10	There was nothing she could have done .
va	10	""" We 'd have to climb over that , "" she said ."
va	7	""" Good , come with me to the back room , you 'll find it a bit quieter there . """
va	5	And then , maybe for the first time that semester , Patricia Buckingham had our full attention .
va	11	"See any in particular that strike your fancy ? """
va	10	"I ... "" I nod and smile ."
va	7	' It should take you to the first floor . '
va	5	No Fallen , no demons , no fear , just me and my wonderful dream .
va	7	What a delight the day has been .
va	7	Two of the major 's lieutenants had accompanied us on the flight .
va	5	No auras around the two men .
va	6	""" You want a round table meeting , we can have a round table meeting . """
va	11	""" Do you intend to take vows ? """
va	10	The ship 's doctor took her hand and motioned for her to go to her cabin .
va	7	The first owner purchased the car new in 1968 and sold it to me in 1970 .
va	9	This is what she was aiming for .
va	6	Right and wrong get ... mixed up sometimes .
va	9	Some part of Muhammad knew it was an arbitrary , European number .
va	11	"Had to be ready for today 's rehearsal . """
va	7	""" I see , "" Alex nodded , "" All the good artifacts come out of ASS don 't they ? """
va	6	The faces of Logan , Jacob , and myself peered back at me from the print .
va	10	"It seemed easier , more discrete to deal with it there . """
va	5	"An older brother , perhaps , or an uncle or cousin ? """
va	7	""" I will not touch you in any unfitting way ."
va	6	The two of them would have a wonderful existence together , raising their children , and enjoying a healthy sex life .
va	7	A resigned look dawned on my partner 's face .
va	7	""" And you 're both still jealously fighting for his attention ! """
va	8	Sure enough a veil dropped across Josh 's face and his eyes lost their sharp focus .
va	9	"I said , "" I 'll just get in the way . """
va	9	At lunch they had a snack of honey loaves , and a helping of fresh farmers ' cheese .
va	10	They were already on edge , eager to begin their vicious task .
va	9	No minerals have ever been found in the caves or anything .
va	8	He studied them in turn , carefully placing them in their proper order .
va	8	With the other hand she produced a rectangular box , opening it with a flourish .
va	8	""" Let 's not go crazy , shall we ? """
va	9	""" Signor Beppe , why didn 't you tell me that you knew my dad ? """
va	9	He needed to get to some water .
va	9	Then an idea hit him and he forgot about his head .
va	5	""" Wow ... that 's ... "" "" Weird , "" Hunter said ."
va	7	What on earth was going on ?
va	7	Too much heat got lost with the fireplace .
va	5	""" No I 'm not , "" lied Bryony ."
va	5	""" Really interesting stuff ... "" "" Not yet , "" Emma says ."
va	7	""" Can I have some water and food , please ? """
va	6	The train employee laughed out loud at my white , sleeveless sweater tank top and ocean blue capris .
va	7	""" I 'm not hunting , and you 're a prisoner , not a visitor . """
va	6	"But my boss at Disclosure Magazine wanted a story , with all the dirt , on Julian de Laurent . """
va	10	I couldn 't appear with no make-up on my face , or to not smell fresh as the spring .
va	6	I fall back against the seat and smile .
va	6	He placed the gloves into the fourth roof truss hole from the door .
va	9	She propped up the solar panel on the roof of her van and the notebook came to life .
va	8	"I see the Goddess ' designs , but I cannot understand , "" she pauses , carefully arranging her words ."
va	11	""" Now say it like it 's true . """
va	9	"The headmistress of our opponent school wanted to give girls a special treatment , "" he said ."
va	7	Less than a mile farther , she found it .
va	9	"I mean when we where at her place . """
va	11	One of these would be to load up his cart with his belongings and drive to nowhere in particular .
va	10	Something that he needed to release .
va	8	Instead , the lad collapsed , bleeding onto the parapet .
va	11	Rafe turned from his contemplation of the floor , his wretchedness of spirit visible upon his face .
va	7	We 'll become fast friends and go angel hunting together ?
va	6	""" Then I 'll be back ."
va	10	""" A fine day for the Empire , a beachhead on the Eastern shores of the continent ! """
va	8	When I got to the village it was burning .
va	8	Silver continued to push him .
va	6	Ben and I both turned around sharply and there stood Raziel , arms crossed and scarlet eyes blazing .
va	8	Only his hundreds of hours of arms practice saved his life .
va	8	Lucas continued to follow Zoe .
va	7	By the time Alejo closed the door , his team was already making themselves comfortable .
va	8	I decided to go home .
va	9	Melody 's feet began to slip on the polished concrete floor .
va	5	In a silo , in a field , in a prairie , a computer activates a missile launch protocol .
va	5	""" Thank you , Master . """
va	11	""" It would be a lot like the claims on Antarctica , "" he explained ."
va	7	Most of them were sitting , some of them were lying down asleep .
va	7	He pulled her close to him and kissed her .
va	8	""" I will not eat with you , a pirate . """
va	7	However , one cluster refused to leave .
va	11	It is one of the luxuries I allow myself .
va	9	Let me think about it .
va	7	The man is a genius in that respect .
va	6	""" Not for a long time ."
va	10	Alita 's eyes said it all as the soldiers held her down in place .
va	10	The Council will agree with me when we arrive in Vale .
va	11	You 'll love them it 's a great gig for them . '
va	9	Chapter 4 - Sounds So there we were .
va	9	"Unless rooting around in dead peoples ' closets counts as shopping . """
va	5	In practice , that 's all a lie .
va	7	The table was soon cleared and everything returned to good order .
va	9	At a crosswalk , I strode between two businessmen until I was safely on the other side .
va	5	More than ever before , the isolated cottage became a warm , safe haven .
va	8	Spyder stepped out of the driver 's seat and opened the back door for Frank , smiling as always .
va	8	""" Profile is consistent with rail gun mechanisms , but we see no turrets . """
va	7	After 30 minutes or so , we are halted in our tracks by a familiar sound .
va	10	He very much liked the thought to officially welcome Taylor into his family .
va	11	It didn 't look like she was wearing makeup , but her face radiated elegance .
va	6	"Don 't doubt my mad skills . """
va	9	Come to think of it , why would she be so sad ?
va	8	"And what is wrong with my parents ? """
va	8	The words marched through her consciousness without leaving a mark .
va	8	During his thirties , after selling his third company , he invested heavily in internet start-ups like Google , netting billions .
va	10	Merely acknowledging that difficulty forced her to confront the raw desperation of her plan .
va	8	To call him corpulent would be an injustice .
va	11	He had faced countless simulations , accumulated various strategies and massive combat data that he could reference .
va	7	""" No , but you could tell she was really worried about him ."
va	11	Kayla , of course , used this time to get to him , I thought .
va	7	Then the big one showed up -- the leader of the pack .
va	8	The blood drained from her face and her eyes jumped nervously around the packed building for a way to escape .
va	9	That 's what was bothering me .
va	6	""" In the last few years the Nanticoke River has risen here ."
va	10	Tuck said , seeing what had happened .
va	10	He looked around for the sensors connected to the mesh , wondering if Alfred was watching .
va	6	You owe me , she prodded , after the shitty way you treated me yesterday .
va	8	""" That would alert suspicion , and you would be the only suspect . """
va	6	""" You forget , we are in the Dream Valley ."
va	10	' I don 't know what you 're talking about , ' he said gruffly .
va	11	""" Because I 'm waiting to see a head come off . """
va	10	There must be something useful from that phrases , he thought .
va	6	At the same moment , I shout his name one final time , and then collapse onto his chest .
va	9	He wasn 't good at first , and it took him awhile to master the basics .
va	7	Then , after a while , he walked along with me , imitating my gait .
va	9	It was starting to cloud over .
va	8	I have to admit , I have been somewhat careless .
va	5	"Kicked one , too , I think , and - "" "" Wait . """
va	10	I knew she had to die .
va	7	He almost seek the whole thicket but none of Sofia or Iris had been found .
va	8	The hills are higher here in my valley and the rest will do us good .
va	6	""" I hope not , "" snapped Nora , frowning and looking defiant ."
va	9	He put his wrists in front of him and she tied them up using duct tape .
va	9	This is what she was aiming for .
va	8	Maggie snapped her book shut and pushed off the bed .
va	9	Within warrior 's interior , power begins to fluctuate and systems start to shut down .
va	8	"I 'll go with you now and I 'll bring her back myself . """
va	5	""" And he picked his stand-in Wolves from ... ? """
va	9	My stomach no longer turned instead it was flipping over .
va	8	""" And is there no way of helping ? """
va	6	From her tall palace balcony she saw buildings on fire from far away .
va	5	""" Now go , "" her voice was calm but still authoritative ."
va	9	He started to speed up , but Dave pulled him back .
va	6	""" I quite agree , "" another advisor added , this one a relatively young woman ."
va	8	""" That maybe help was coming ? """
va	8	A match flickered , and Neil smelt the acrid odor of incense .
va	11	Sydney waited a bit for Callie and then it was the four of us pounding through the underbrush .
va	5	""" How long "" Frank gave her a sardonic smile ."
va	7	She seemed a little confused , but undaunted .
va	8	The zombie 's hair hung limply around its head , completely obscuring its face from view .
va	8	Miriam looked up , shocked and whisked the letter behind her .
va	9	""" The captain set me straight quickly after he rescued me ."
va	9	One arm clasped the top of the long shaft , and his muscles bulged in a way that Neil eyed enviously .
va	11	""" I 've spoken to her a few times when I was helping her out on her trip with Wendy ."
va	9	""" Let 's check out the stable since nobody 's around , "" Lonnie said ."
va	8	He sees stars and recognizes the outside hull and transparent bulkheads of Refuge Station .
va	7	She heard the man on the phone suck air in through his teeth .
va	6	just win at all costs .
va	6	Avoiding his flailing arms and legs , I slashed his bonds and rubbed his hands and feet quickly , desperately .
va	7	He snatched the mirror off the wall and hurried back out into the yard .
va	10	It was like walking through something he 'd seen in a history book in the Tower Libraries .
va	5	I did a quick glance back .
va	11	He swung the shelves back in place and reinstalled the hidden pins that would hold them there .
va	9	""" I 'm sure that you can , "" Virgil said ."
va	8	"Stupid men , why couldn 't we have kidnapped one of his sisters ? """
va	9	There is a lot that you don 't know yet .
va	9	I was anxious , but in the same time I wanted to look hypocrite and upset .
va	8	The smell from the plates made him feel faint .
va	6	Despite the early start , Claire felt wide awake for the long journey to the fjords .
va	6	In slow , hesitant steps , they eased away from the bushes .
va	6	""" There 's always the sea , "" I said offhandedly ."
va	11	If he didn 't want to tell me , means that he had a good reason for it .
va	11	Leo knew he had to consult his texts .
va	5	But beneath the charming exterior , something more sinister was hidden .
va	10	The day of changes eventually came which altered their view of each other forever .
va	6	""" Can 't sleep , "" Alex asks from the other bed beside me ."
va	10	""" The Trojan Keepers believe there is a greater purpose to this plan ."
va	7	I won 't leave you , ' he said gruffly .
va	7	I turned my back and let his words run through my mind .
va	8	Josie turned to face her friend .
va	6	Five hours later , the family trudged the last kilometer to the family farm .
va	5	""" Ah yes , the lucky one . """
va	9	""" Hungry for Lilly Ann , "" Hunt mocked ducking out of reach to avoid Taylor 's punch at his ribcage ."
va	8	He expected to be shot .
va	9	She couldn 't believe what she was seeing .
va	6	Looking up , they both stopped in their tracks .
va	9	He grew hesitant as his face became flushed , his hands suddenly cold .
va	6	OK , great but what niche ?
va	7	The hunters came forward and cautiously poked around his eye with a stick .
va	10	Andy looked at the huge black machine in awe as it sat there hissing steam .
va	7	"The horse chiefs don 't bathe very often , you see . """
va	5	From her perspective , the two seemed very much alike .
va	5	""" No heat signatures and no life signs . """
va	7	Her breathing evened , in and out , as steady and peaceful as the rolling tides .
va	10	I decided to try flattering him .
va	9	Donovan sat down next to her on a log rolled up to the campfire .
va	6	Wolf blood , vampire blood , vampire saliva , a cocktail of this , that , the other , anything .
va	8	Even though most black bears looked alike there was something familiar about this particular bear .
va	7	This could only mean one thing - the Angel was somewhere near .
va	7	Another blow immediately followed , though with one hand on the club and to the right side this time .
va	8	Journey into the Past The boys soon found themselves at the crossroads of the angels .
va	11	"Do you want me to try ? """
va	10	"The captain looked down at the frightened child , "" Show us this necklace , girl , "" he ordered ."
va	9	""" And now you understand why I no longer have close friends , or family ."
va	9	"Candice replied with a smile "" You were at my wedding ."
va	8	The battle raged on and the Evil One was hurled to the ground !
va	6	An actor with no lines and no future .
va	8	Beneath them , the two oceans crashed and fought , one light aquamarine , the other royal blue .
va	7	I watched you die . '
va	7	""" The thought had crossed my mind , yes . """
va	7	He stiffened a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
va	9	She opened her mouth to scream , but something heavy knocked her on her head .
va	6	Eventually , he made his way back to the fire .
va	11	Riley noted they all appeared to be men .
va	10	The device was obviously never intended to be beautiful , and nor did it pretend to be .
va	6	Her clothes were long outgrown .
va	10	I was a fearless warrior who would never give up .
va	9	At first , the snow flowed over me like a gentle stream of water , but that didn 't last long .
va	7	The soldiers ran at the hooded man , but the hooded man did not give chase .
va	10	They continued to walk until Tasha stopped .
va	8	A pair of faded black gauntlets rest at the bottom of the wooden box .
va	7	I crawled to my knees , my ears ringing from the blast .
va	9	He walked to a space between the two combatants and withdrew a grimy handkerchief from his pocket .
va	9	"Beautiful , smart , but she is in love with someone else ... she wants me just as a friend . """
va	6	I go crazy and my blood pressure peaks every time I hear their voices .
va	5	""" This is the reality , at least out here ."
va	10	Just because she was terrified didn 't mean these men were necessarily a threat to her .
va	8	Great money apparently and she gets to travel a lot .
va	5	"And the keel is hard maple . """
va	9	The two of us mounted the front , sitting together on the driver 's seat .
va	10	He continued to yell , his words falling on me like pieces of glass .
va	6	Every time he opened his mouth , he created more questions and no answers , just like in class .
va	11	Long ago it was separated from the cane , and the time has come to return it to its rightful place .
va	8	""" Stay back , Whitey , "" she warned , holding the twig on her hand tightly ."
va	11	""" Dave I want you to take a look at a guy in Worcester ."
va	11	Clint hoped this was the way it worked .
va	7	"He said , "" Don 't know sir . """
va	9	"He wanted to turn men into angels . """
va	6	""" I 'm only here for my wife and children , sir . """
va	8	There was no light , nor any movement that he could detect .
va	8	At the far end of the room was an enormous viewing terminal that dominated the entire wall .
va	6	Across the veil a formless demand , tears swelling , pressed time upon her soul .
va	10	"He took only enough time to yell up to Fredericks , "" Hide ! """
va	7	Finally backing his foe to the wall , Rift feigns a punch , thrusting his open hand forward instead .
va	5	For four more hours the debriefing and brainstorming continued .
va	10	There , before you may speak you will be asked whatever questions His Majesty sees fit .
va	7	The girl did not hesitate for a second .
va	6	""" Now , how about we go put some gear together for our excursion tomorrow ? """
va	6	' Money 's not an issue , ' I said briskly .
va	9	""" Hold your fire , hold you fire , friendly coming in ! """
va	11	Claire looked up , surprised , wondering if the shock had affected her vision .
va	7	""" Since we 've been shot at together ."
va	6	The water was cold , acknowledged Adele , but it quenched her thirst quickly .
va	9	I could feel tension spreading through the group .
va	9	I hate being caught off-guard .
va	10	"I 'm afraid I 'll hurt you . """
va	8	""" I 'm going to sleep . """
va	10	That was all there was to it .
va	6	""" Catfish , if anybody interferes , you give them both barrels . """
va	6	"This man here -- "" she said , and touched Brand 's hand , "" is my loving husband . """
va	9	"He stood up , "" Trooper Mac will be okay soon , I boiled the sugar off . """
va	9	"Do you hate me ? """
va	7	""" Ok Agent 3A , let 's keep the odds even ! """
va	8	Taylor did not care to answer .
va	11	I will not go to visit Santa Claus in North Pole .
va	10	This one who tries to break the Spear ?
va	9	"I just wanted to be in my one world . """
va	9	""" Because a personal guard to the king just bloody asked you , miserable peasant !"
va	11	This forms a bond that , unless you 've actually been there , is very difficult to understand .
va	8	They had the point and there 's no sign of them at all .
va	7	The giant pulled the shirt over his head , and the Prince felt his mouth drop open .
va	9	"They want to see results and fast . """
va	6	"Courtney Cole 131 With My Last Breath , Book Three "" This isn 't good , mother , "" I observed ."
va	11	The few minutes that they took to escape the palace seemed like hours .
va	6	""" What about Pedro and pirates ? """
va	7	Me instead I took a seat on the bed , watching him suspiciously .
va	6	Among his men , or with his friends , he was assured and relaxed .
va	10	Tim opened his mouth to say goodbye , but Andy had already gone .
va	10	Despite their sadness , the brothers were willing to assist us even more .
va	10	The tall , lanky former Texan who was dressed in the typical tan uniform extracted himself from the squad car .
va	10	She noticed several wooden signs nailed into the trees around the clearing .
va	8	The finish hastened toward him with the promise of his release .
va	7	Monday 25th July 1983 After the weekend Raphael took the recorded demos to work .
va	9	Although he walked with a limp , he didn 't take long to reach their position .
va	7	""" Yeah , back then people were killing each other all the time for no real reason whatsoever ."
va	9	Not enough to do any major damage , but enough to cause memory loss .
va	8	The officer in charge of that detachment was a young lieutenant .
va	8	Another helpful hand from Mai reveals her worried face as she tosses her companion higher .
va	5	Would I kill me too ?
va	9	But if you were going to battle , you couldn 't possibly be better dressed .
va	5	""" Good , "" Pickett went on ."
va	6	"The cabbie gives him a second and then asks , "" Student ? """
va	8	Then like madness , all the girls started yelling at once .
va	7	I said , making Abby thinking .
va	8	I know you hear me , devil !
va	5	For half a second , my mouth mirrored his , but then it quickly disappeared .
va	9	Instead , she settled for taking him out of the equation .
va	6	"My name is Alistair Quack , BA , MA , PhD , AMA . """
va	7	His steely gray eyes caught mine and held them for a few seconds .
va	7	However , I have always been a demon and have never been reborn .
va	8	If things came to a fight , I 'd be ready .
va	11	""" Anything I can do to help ? """
va	9	He didn 't even try to hide the innuendo .
va	10	He knew that complaining would do him no good .
va	8	""" Hey , "" his father snapped , watching him through the rearview mirror ."
va	9	The black creatures would be as wolves among sheep .
va	7	"-- Publishers Weekly "" "" An arresting , sumptuous and thoroughly satisfying debut . """
va	6	""" Go on and pick it up . """
va	6	""" Hey Toby , stop , "" called the larger one in the lead ."
va	10	They wanted an answer , which made the nervous Mouse fidget even more .
va	10	He blinked and turned a solemn gaze on me .
va	8	She leaned back to get a better view .
va	8	"Green saluted Butch again , "" By your leave sir . """
va	5	Green jungle fatigues and boots , well armed , disciplined soldiers .
va	6	""" You pay for the drinks ."
va	6	His old jaw was tight , his wrinkled lips pulled into a little broken line .
va	11	"But if you persist in pointing that infernal device at your royal king , things will become decidedly painful . """
va	10	All familiarity was gone and they treated her like in the beginning .
va	9	Mana stood still for a long moment , and she opened the drawer of Miriam 's bedside table .
va	11	' Are you sure you can 't stay for longer ? '
va	6	""" Don 't know , "" said Andy sucking a pencil ."
va	9	I haven 't been in Hangar One over there for a month .
va	10	He heard a crack of a twig in the opposite direction , turned his horse and sped off in pursuit .
va	5	Woodpecker 's Bad Habit Woodpecker had a terrible habit .
va	6	Her young heart immediately reached out to him .
va	6	""" Who found him ? """
va	9	He had as much trouble swallowing as chewing , and the resultant mess streamed down his chin .
va	10	However , the thought of their daughter in the hands of those brutes terrified them .
va	7	""" What do I do with you ? """
va	5	Was it the actual building crying , or was it someone inside ?
va	8	He wouldn 't miss that aspect of South America .
va	6	""" Yeah , you were right , sport ."
va	7	""" I was almost five years old at the time . """
va	7	""" You 're right , "" the salesman smiles , taking a cocky stance ."
va	11	Adele remained completely still , looking up at him with the dazed expression of someone very tired .
va	7	Good grades , good degree , good career , for all the good it did me .
va	8	Navi calls , drifting ahead of Link .
va	5	Apart from a few cuts and bruises , my wrist and shoulder are the worst .
va	9	It was one of the smaller hangars and was divided by two brick walls , turning the interior into three sections .
va	9	He moved into the chair right next to me and pulled it up , so his knees surrounded my legs .
va	5	This definitely was not a dream .
va	10	You might want to get yourself and your guys qualified on them .
va	6	All around him were red buildings , white buildings , tall buildings , short buildings and even a chapel .
va	8	The next morning , when the sun came up , the songbirds could only be heard in the distance .
va	10	Simon stepped in the way before the leader could speak to Stefano .
va	11	That was a long journey , even for someone who hadn 't slept all night .
va	9	Opening it to look inside , she found another folded paper with a more detailed note from Ted .
va	9	""" I found the scones but where can I find a root beer float ? """
va	10	"I 'm gon na miss you , man . """
va	8	He opted to ignore it .
va	8	You lose your tail and you kill a Hawk in the same day .
va	6	""" That 's quite enough , "" a mysterious voice declares ."
va	9	The Faith have taken on a new way to identify their membership .
va	11	Mac had to think quickly to cancel both emergency calls .
va	7	""" No , she came to Italy with Horace and left me and my father alone at home . """
va	9	""" Push another amp of Epi and charge the internal paddles to fifteen , "" Dr. Warner demanded ."
va	9	She nodded to herself before looking up at the three scientists .
va	5	""" The tracks split here . """
va	8	They looked like a row of prison cells .
va	8	The cottages on the perimeter of the town were empty as well .
va	6	For his part , Fuchs leapt from space to space , always in front .
va	8	""" Pleased to meet you Tyler , "" Dagger said offering a weak smiling ."
va	7	Then came the hard shelled black case from under the bed .
va	11	I 'd strike anything that bit me like an animal .
va	6	Sure enough , up ahead , the dirt road leads to a handsome colonial .
va	9	Two embedded themselves in his club , reaching through towards his heart .
va	9	After minutes of ultimate humiliation , I hovered inches from the ground , close enough to kiss the dirty cement .
va	10	""" There is one man , a fencing master , who would believe us ."
va	5	There is another baleful cry , much closer now .
va	7	The frown had returned to her face .
va	7	""" Ladies first "" I said , being a gentleman , opening the glass door for her to enter ."
va	9	Twelve eyes stared intently at him as he emerged from the pool .
va	10	Sampson 's face took on a hard look as Ethan knew it would .
va	8	Just have to keep walking .
va	9	He took a step back , easing the tension of his bonds .
va	7	Connor took in three deep breathes , sat on the bed , and closed his eyes .
va	8	""" Enough , "" Jackson whispered , dropping her device into her bag ."
va	5	""" Why is Lord Rafe there ? """
va	9	A month had passed since the death of Tomas Godard .
va	9	""" I 'm going to ask them . """
va	11	He was free now ; he had made it clear of the research facility 's confines .
va	6	Sitting a few seats back was Sheriff Ed Pool and the county attorney Cindy Kubrick .
va	10	""" That would be the answer that makes the most sense . """
va	5	"Not safe on that road . """
va	7	At that moment Hawk , arriving with his new family , stumbled onto his friend Hank .
va	11	"But the first order of business is to reassure your parents that you are still alive . """
va	8	""" So -- does that make him the servant of two masters ? """
va	6	He squirmed in his chair .
va	7	Chris looked at her getup and just shrugged .
va	6	A few moments later , they landed on the stony walkway , just before the bridge .
va	7	Mark still drove , and Josie and Jimmy rode in the back .
va	9	Now that events were in motion -- The door at the far end of the anteroom crashed open .
va	6	The horse sped through vast forest along the eastern road , without any delay .
va	6	""" You staying in the Windy City for the weekend , too ?"
va	8	Farmer yelled , bursting from the forest onto the clearing .
va	5	The lively music and bustling crowds are a distant memory .
va	10	"Making me think about it ? """
va	8	David looked at the piece of paper Sarah held in her hand .
va	9	""" Those little bastards aren 't just destroying equipment for the fun of it . """
va	8	""" We must go to The Lily House , "" Gunnar said ."
va	6	The dark purple robbed figure wore a baby doll mask with dark cracks around the eyes .
va	10	I turned away with a flea in mine 's ear and walked slowly with a pain in my soul .
va	5	""" We have Cameron , Claudia , Gavin , Zinnia , Craig and Landis . """
va	11	They had lost everything of earthly value but discovered who they were as people , as human beings .
va	9	"So what do we do now ? """
va	5	' How long is post haste ? '
va	7	A life 's a small thing ; any force strong enough can claim it any time .
va	7	Victoria observed Jacob for a moment .
va	8	""" I scouted the various halls and took note of all the entrances ."
va	8	Your clothes , on the other hand , you should take off and rinse them in the flowing water .
va	8	My mother is his second wife , his first wife died in childbirth , her and the baby both .
va	5	"Well , to the extent inheriting vampire politics and drama is an escape . """
va	6	Hey , at least this time I wouldn 't be the only one suffering .
va	7	She reached for a towel , dried him , and then placed the covers over him .
va	9	Sofia managed to smile , throwing glances on Chase a minute after another .
va	10	Lilly Ann asked Taylor later during their occasional pre dinner drink on Lilly Ann 's back porch .
va	7	Danny , on the other hand , had and would surely let her down .
va	8	He began to walk around the stage .
va	8	Finally , the wheels slowed and stopped in front of the estate .
va	5	Shock , disbelief , disgust , and finally anger - so much anger .
va	8	It rested like an old friend , and I watched Kurt 's neck calm , his muscles relaxing .
va	9	""" That 's good to hear Mark ."
va	6	""" Well , there 's Mistress Devlin , I suppose . """
va	11	"Tate said , "" Nothing we can do but keep low ."
va	6	""" Jake , "" she started , "" Aye , "" he looked her in the eye ."
va	6	As the creature reappears , the woman 's aim proves true , her light catches and holds the creature .
va	8	""" Is that what you call them ? """
va	8	"What place has become a synonym for ' secure ' ? """
va	7	"He held the cube beside it , "" The vortex is the key ! """
va	6	' Ah , Bo ... blast , the Bots are at least twenty shelves up . '
va	11	"He hugs me and says , "" You are right on time , Kobi ."
va	11	We have reached the cusp of the exploration of or solar system and about to reach out to other planets .
va	8	She then looked closer at the unconscious woman 's body ; they had been systematically torturing her .
va	9	I apologize for sounding so callous but I have little option .
va	10	It would have to do for now .
va	6	""" Besides , it 's just a little family squabble , "" Eros said with a strange glint in his eyes ."
va	10	All I want is for the Pentagon to take little notice of my operation .
va	6	Crouching down , he picked around in the ashes .
va	9	That happy-go-lucky attitude changed immediately when the next of the dinner guests arrived .
va	6	A sudden clicking like castanets , sometimes alarmingly close , added a startling rhythm to the cacophony .
va	8	What were they to do ?
va	7	The little squeeze also moved Harry , and out came a wide grin on his old unshaven face .
va	10	The windows were dark , the glass reflecting the glow from a star-studded sky and a crescent-shaped moon .
va	8	""" The language is known to me though I know not what the words mean ."
va	10	In our line of work it is hard to accept coincidences on face value .
va	7	Malcolm grabbed my arm and rushed toward the door .
va	6	"She will be mine . """
va	7	Words I never thought would stand together .
va	8	John came around the corner of the house with his dog Patrick at his heels .
va	7	""" Once it 's topside , load all of the boxes onto my gunship . """
va	8	A perpetual haze prevented even seeing into the wastelands .
va	8	Abby was getting off from a taxi , being testy .
va	6	Good thing too , as most of them were either black or missing altogether .
va	10	""" Everybody out , "" he said brightly and grinned when the two animals rose and came forward ."
va	8	He looked her over completely , and saw a small patch of blood on her side .
va	11	He tried to place his hands over her ears as well , a completely futile gesture .
va	7	""" What 's your goal with that ? """
va	7	They said their goodbyes to Walt , and Abby and Rick instantly went back to the video link .
va	6	But one day the pigeon pecked Ben right in the eye .
va	9	The zombie barely seemed able to even sit upright .
va	7	We were here because of Mom 's apartment .
va	7	""" That 's fine with me ."
va	8	""" Why don 't we get out of this infernal palace , and take to the streets ? """
va	9	Some stuck to show business - headlining in Vegas , making documentaries and even half-hour children 's shows .
va	8	Perhaps we should go in and learn on our own .
va	9	""" I 'll not be knowing anything about any caretakers , "" she said ."
va	9	"Now , "" he says , but his words melt away in the glow of his energy ."
va	11	""" Anything you want to talk about ? """
va	11	With this , we would be able to see live feeds from the entire complex .
va	8	She took a sip of wine and looked at the letter again .
va	5	""" Hey , Uncle Phil , is your shift over or not ? """
va	8	he pointed , then stood with arms crossed , impatiently waiting for an answer .
va	8	In combat , it had to be much worse .
va	7	Throughout Nature , there are countless examples of such symbiotic relationships .
va	10	"I don 't mean to cut in but ... "" "" But what ? """
va	11	If we failed to stop Fuchs ' man , our lives and the country we rode through would be forfeit .
va	10	""" How long do you suppose she 'll crouch there ? """
va	9	He watched as Dane silently , like a cat , sprinted downhill to a boulder .
va	9	Fuchs had found time to redecorate , it seemed .
va	10	' Look , we just want to talk to them , ' said Reid .
va	7	Alejo groaned and leaned back heavily in his chair .
va	6	Based on my reckoning , the journey to the gnome settlement was shortened significantly .
va	5	Are we always 100 percent right ?
va	9	""" I 'll leave the line open for ya . """
va	10	Another man was in the back glancing at the selections on the jukebox .
va	11	"Mostly , Chris remembered Cobb calling the wreck "" what we 've discovered . """
va	9	They loaded up with coats , helmets , and a five gallon can of water .
va	8	They were alone on the cement rooftop high over Peshawar , and abandoned the Pashto language for their native Spanish .
va	6	She whined , but agreed , and then promptly closed her eyes .
va	7	""" You wounded me , you son of a bitch ! """
va	5	""" Then again , ' t is not my strongest gift . """
va	8	As they stepped onto the wooden deck , it creaked underneath their weight .
va	11	"Look at how irritated he is because of you and your stupid plan . """
va	11	And now I don 't understand why you place Simon at risk .
va	8	The men and young boys looked more frightened than aggressive .
va	6	""" We 're both hunters , "" he said , "" so we know the rules . """
va	5	""" I 'm not evil , at least not yet ."
va	11	""" I can 't believe he was involved in this . """
va	7	He dove , rolling away from the rounds and came up firing .
va	6	""" No one is on Second Life anymore . """
va	6	It was the burnt , stone man from the boat wreck .
va	8	""" Hey , you know what they look like ? """
va	8	He knew a hiding spot where he could rest .
va	11	"Never seen a man trying to protect himself before ? """
va	9	She turned her look back at the gem .
va	7	""" Sure , come inside and make our house another haunted house feature for some obscure website or magazine . """
va	8	Neil turned his head and saw , cut into the cliff , a long descent hewed right into the rocks .
va	9	""" Is there a cache of supplies nearby we could go to ? """
va	7	Thanks to that Device , his shipping costs were practically nil .
va	11	""" It 's lovely , "" she said softly , not wanting to disturb the peace here ."
va	10	This one was much wider and also curved which finally identify the creatures to the hopeless aristocrats .
va	9	"We ought to wrap the ribs ... you have any first aid kits ? """
va	7	She was wearing a beautifully tailored navy blue business suit , sparkling white silk blouse and Gucci shoes .
va	7	Sarah fried up the last of the eggs .
va	9	Now you want to put him on the line again ?
va	6	""" Young , attractive , smart , old , ugly , poor ; they 're all still cattle . """
va	8	The radio clipped to his belt sprang to life , and the young scientist 's voice crackled over it .
va	11	I dreamed that it was sitting on my chest and everything became so warm .
va	11	"You wont know he 's there ! """
va	6	Tall and slim , she wore severely tailored , dark blue trousers , a loose jacket , and heeled boots .
va	9	""" I don 't think he has anything else ."
va	11	""" Well done Ryan , your idea of lifting up radioactive waste material has been accepted by Washington ."
va	9	The effect it had on Ted was anything but soothing .
va	5	""" She died , "" he says softly ."
va	9	She still winced as the fine downy hairs on her upper lip were torn away .
va	9	She watches Arrow blankly as it begins an aft turning maneuver .
va	6	"It was a very long time ago . """
te	5	""" Um , well , before the Unity Act , The United States and Canada were two separate countries ."
te	6	""" Absolutely , "" he answered me with a grain ."
te	9	It is a promise he gave his life for .
te	6	Followed her around like a puppy .
te	11	A continual grinding scream , swirling upward and dispersing through the open air of the massive cave .
te	7	and headed for the door .
te	6	Mr. Ludwig beamed , his eyes crinkling slightly , the only visible wrinkles on his smooth Japanese skin .
te	6	Back outside in the sunlight , the servant blinked a few times against the sun .
te	7	""" Oh , of course , "" Lilly Grace added apologetically , "" the answer was , ' Thought . '"
te	6	I grabbed the mike and shouted .
te	5	A moment later , the breaching charge blew .
te	9	He landed hard some twenty feet away and immediately began struggling to his feet .
te	10	We 'd have to keep looking .
te	7	In a few minutes a tidy little building appeared in the moonlight , whitewashed walls a faint blue in the darkness .
te	8	"I ordered them to leave my unit immediately . """
te	8	Connor politely smiled at the woman and picked up his bags stealthily maneuvering his way towards the women 's lavatory .
te	6	That evening after homework hours everybody went to the Main Hall .
te	7	""" The shuttles are identical , eighteen feet wide , twelve feet high and 140 feet long ."
te	7	That first night they stayed in a traditional Irish hotel and ate a simple meat stew .
te	9	"I also have my contacts in Washington , but rather limited after the last elections . """
te	9	""" I can 't believe what you boys have found ."
te	10	The water seemed refreshing and their horses needs to rest after their long ride .
te	7	"You 're always mad at ... "" "" Shhhh , be quiet ! """
te	8	He began pulling me away from the crowd .
te	9	called out Simon in Italian as he laid several rounds down the road .
te	8	Come on , let me show you his digs .
te	6	""" An article on porno star Jon Slocum : My Hard Earned Money . """
te	8	"But it 's wrong what you 're doing . """
te	5	""" At the beginning , but not until you 're ready . """
te	8	She wanted to walk away .
te	11	Harold was pondering these thoughts beside the now dead man as Jim Meek 's stuck his head in the infirmary .
te	6	' Let 's do this , ' I said coldly .
te	6	The voice discussed temperatures , crop failures , unpredictable rains , snows , and droughts .
te	9	What 's that great dark hole , at the top of the mountain ?
te	11	The thought of her unhappiness , and the knowledge that he was the cause of it , made him wince .
te	7	""" They will never chase you away , "" she whispered ."
te	8	""" I know what you are , "" she declares , her tone leveling as her focus amplifies ."
te	6	""" Ah , it 's probably nothin ' ... a rat maybe . """
te	8	""" Who took care of you after that ? """
te	8	We had only the plants around us to eat .
te	11	' Tell him we should have the duplicates with inlay cards by Thursday .
te	7	""" Don 't try that again , Commander , "" he advised ."
te	6	"He put a hand out and grabbed her arm . """
te	7	""" Do you know him ? """
te	9	Logan laughed and threw an empty water bottle across the fire toward Josie .
te	11	David thought he might have been screaming as well .
te	11	It was Stacy looking from the top of the toilet wall .
te	8	The conversations in the compartment carried on until late in the evening .
te	8	""" Some say December 25 , year 0 , of course , but they are in the extreme minority ."
te	7	Scott snapped the rifle out of the clamp and aimed it toward the animal .
te	11	""" You know this is my first time seeing actual snow , "" she said ."
te	8	We have , of course , moved the scriptures to a more secure location . '
te	10	Having made up his mind to tell dele the truth , he wished only that it might be done quickly .
te	9	Connor saw a small thicket of trees nearby and lead Maria behind them .
te	10	Melody did freeze , but only partly because of the urgency in Ted 's voice .
te	7	""" Your little black dress should do the job , "" replied Dickie ."
te	9	"That silly fairy needs to grow up and Wendy needs to smile more . """
te	8	But as he looked up into the branches he could see pink rectangles scattered throughout .
te	10	""" Where exactly do you think you are going little one ? """
te	11	""" So there 's nothing we can do with it ? """
te	8	Seconds later , a strip light shattered onto the wall of rubble .
te	6	""" The tips are hollow -- and it 's barbed . """
te	8	""" We 'll take the body back to Lo 's lab . """
te	8	Give it to the old man and then let your husband and son have a couple of mouthfuls .
te	6	""" Yes sir cooks in seventh heaven . """
te	9	It sounded like a sort of fuel starvation , so I headed up to the cockpit to tell the pilot .
te	10	Something VIN thought would not go down well with his older partner .
te	9	""" But we can confirm that over two thousand Trojan Devices have indeed vanished ."
te	10	You can get a good picture of conditions down there bring back the facts and make recommendations .
te	11	The black creatures fumed under their foul breaths as they scurried around to pick up the trail .
te	9	That Roberto was up to something was very clear to him .
te	10	A shrill cry stopped them in the midst of cleaning the catch .
te	10	Upon seeing them , he got an idea and waved to two locals he recognized .
te	10	Did you know Thailand is a major center for child prostitution ?
te	6	He crinkled his face in thought before speaking .
te	8	The pair straightened and started to run , the old man glancing over his shoulder .
te	7	""" The king 's orders were clear , no one in the Temporal Caste goes to The Dry . """
te	5	Sure enough , a few minutes later , she headed up the path .
te	10	"Women 'll be after you like trout after cheese . """
te	6	""" ' All them cornfields , "" ' whispered Finn , "" ' and ballet in the evening . "" """
te	9	Ethan looked as if another thought occurred to him .
te	7	Through its constant jabbing and jeering , the voice had finally drained him of all emotions .
te	6	A pile of duffel bags and backpacks rested on the threshold to the dining room , including hers .
te	7	Bounding down the stairs step by step , I could feel the warmth returning .
te	10	This whole idea of practicing flying THIS WAY appeared crazy .
te	9	The metal rafter was firm beneath my feet , and I simply refused to look down .
te	6	They are bold colors -- deep reds and blues , and brilliant greens and purples .
te	10	""" That 's fine show me where to dock . """
te	6	Inside he grabbed his already packed duffle bag , his 9mm Glock , rifle , and his stash .
te	9	It was filled with reams of scientific jargon .
te	9	Red and his partner take up defensive positions on either side of the door .
te	6	""" That 's the idea , "" said William ."
te	11	I wish I could have seen it then .
te	7	She could physically harm him by now .
te	6	""" So if the Ramos win , George and Phillip die . """
te	11	He blinked and then peered at me , his eyes taking a moment to focus .
te	11	screamed a man , dressed as a ninja , who leapt over the fence and ran through the yard .
te	8	He stopped me , pulling me down , kissing me .
te	6	She gestured at the grassy area beyond the beach .
te	9	""" I 've arranged for your wedding present to be delivered Monday the twenty-third ."
te	6	""" According to the scroll , our father 's namesake found , woke and bested the Golden Dragon ."
te	10	Then he discreetly turned to watch the couple for a moment .
te	8	I hunched down and helped her gather the scattered folders .
te	9	Drifting backward , Link awkwardly shuffles his feet beneath him as the punch closes in on its target .
te	6	"All unauthorized personnel please leave the area immediately , "" The Shrine declares ."
te	9	""" Your family is among the most revered of the knights , "" the man continued ."
te	6	The feeling of panic would not go away .
te	8	Don 't you long to have things back to what they were before the Revolution ?
te	8	Josie frowned at Jimmy , and picked up Mark 's drink .
te	9	He concludes , aggressively pushing off the tree trunk and launching himself deeper into the woods .
te	8	"Well , if my parents didn 't clean it out . """
te	7	Jimmy and Josie immediately stopped chewing their own food .
te	10	Should the purifying torrent of light continue much longer , she herself will become a God .
te	7	The team leader called out the final distance in centimeters .
te	10	The rest would follow if he did not get free .
te	8	He paused a moment before going on .
te	8	""" Very good report , Lieutenant Myers , "" said Anderson to the pensive young man in front of him ."
te	10	""" I think we should rest a short time , just briefly mind you ."
te	6	Six Dad cleared his throat after an awkward silence .
te	9	She seemed to shine with good health .
te	10	The older suits tried winning her attention but Amy saw John had her hooked .
te	7	Glancing on her , the lady put down the soup gently over the table .
te	9	"There are only three things to guide us : strength ; guile ; and pure , dumb luck . """
te	10	""" Come on , I 'm going to look for prawns . """
te	8	Roberto was in a blissful state of his own .
te	10	""" Don 't go to any trouble for me , Captain ."
te	7	The Headmaster spoke to the woman and ignored Miriam .
te	9	""" By all means let us think of these cheering things . """
te	8	He was emotionless , robotic in his manner .
te	7	Gabe crushes the paper wrapper from his burger and throws it in the bag .
te	9	"Broke a company record actually , but who 's counting . """
te	7	Onyx stared at his friend , puzzled , but then the meaning of the words hit him .
te	6	A musical tone chimes and Lance snaps his eyes back open .
te	11	The store manager had a reputation for hassling kids who were loitering anywhere around the building .
te	8	Gradually , David got stronger although his broken arm mended poorly .
te	7	""" I have a slew of chairs over on the porch ."
te	8	He spotted the empty tray long before he reached it .
te	5	The boat floated , the motor started , the refrigerator worked , and the sail winches functioned .
te	11	It is the one thing they have overlooked to now .
te	7	"I have never had a double before , first the mother and now the daughter "" he sneered ."
te	9	Corporal Hunger shouted over the sound of his cannon blasting away .
te	8	While Josie watched her friends , and Mark , Jimmy stepped up beside her .
te	10	""" I 've been thinking a lot about that myself , "" answered Nathan ."
te	9	I guessed that neither was older than fifteen .
te	9	""" Send a messenger ; it 's time we killed off the baggage ."
te	8	Red Talon took an ear of corn and broke it in two and gave her half .
te	9	""" The bakery you were looking for is on the first floor , not the third floor ."
te	9	It seemed that no one was in any particular hurry .
te	7	He rolled over quickly and sprang to his feet .
te	6	He was , after all , in the South China Sea .
te	9	""" I trust that will suffice , "" Aries agreed ."
te	6	"Best of all , "" she ends , "" it has a screw top rather than a cork . """
te	6	As the doors closed , he picked up the receiver , and pressed the tiny red button .
te	8	He spent the next few years roaming about , stealing things and beating people up .
te	8	The owner had seen their approach -- a lookout spell , no doubt .
te	9	He couldn 't believe how sour this whole thing had gone .
te	10	They hurried down the road in hopes that they might reach the capital city before nightfall .
te	8	""" Deep beneath the woody bush to the west there is a pyramid of bricks ."
te	8	Ryan asked still sitting in the cart .
te	9	She didn 't understand what was wrong .
te	7	She asked for a sign ... ... but nothing was forthcoming .
te	8	She closed her eyes and muttered something under her breath , a prayer perhaps .
te	8	""" Yes , that is what ' rich ' means , "" Harald said ."
te	6	Reaching out , Chris caught the surprisingly heavy thing .
te	7	He held it up for them to see .
te	6	So for quite a few years this shipwreck was pretty well buried .
te	11	"Do you know what those are ? """
te	10	Rand was startled by the coldness of Rafe 's tone .
te	9	Jack was on edge like she had never seen before .
te	8	Miriam gave it up and quickly turned the page .
te	11	We need an organization that everybody belongs to and there just isn 't time to build one from scratch .
te	6	There were a few more outlying states , some oceans , and the outer waste .
te	8	A house stood at the far end of the clearing , in the lee of the grey rock face .
te	10	Jennie walked over , careful where she was putting her feet .
te	6	"Across the front , in Addie 's handwriting , it read , "" Open November 14 . """
te	7	""" They tripped on our trunks , "" hissed Logan smiling ."
te	6	""" There were three , "" David said tiredly ."
te	9	""" You ' ad to snoop ."
te	6	Suddenly it dawned on him .
te	5	Behind closed doors , he was a complete dick .
te	7	There was no other word for it .
te	10	The birds sing with cheer and the leaves and pine needles suddenly brighten with intensity .
te	8	""" I just don 't always know where those places are . """
te	8	He needed to end this fight now .
te	5	""" And their faggot dentist friend , too , "" he snarled ."
te	10	We will have to get away from here .
te	7	Breakfast was quickly made and just as quickly finished , the meal small but satisfying .
te	9	I thought I could help her .
te	5	But instead of clear glass , artificial snow spray covered the entire window .
te	8	The gate had slowed Joe down for only a moment and now he was coming up again fast .
te	6	Once inside , we found an administration office on the ground floor .
te	6	""" Good luck , Peter , "" said Miss Foster warmly , wrapping her arms around the young man ."
te	9	The kind of spy who saved people .
te	9	How can we let this opportunity slip away , just because Manuel didn 't show ?
te	9	It was her way of protecting herself .
te	5	""" Oh , God , a few drops and they 're crawling !"
te	9	Even so , none of it was a real problem , if he was with her .
te	6	""" A lot of men came out of that war with some serious issues ."
te	7	Each of them patiently waited for their eyes to adjust .
te	5	Deep down there was something beneath , a hidden secret .
te	10	"The Captain yelled to Crabtree , "" Signal the other ships !"
te	7	""" The pages were blank , I had opened the book and it was empty . """
te	8	Godard raised a bloodied hand and touched his granddaughter 's face with shaking fingers .
te	10	The real space race was about to start , and just how he had predicted .
te	6	""" At age fifteen , she killed fifteen gang members with a nail from a steel shop ."
te	7	""" Yes , I told you that already ."
te	7	""" Boris , I 'm taking her to the doctor . """
te	7	""" Right gun , "" said Joshua , "" fire , when ready . """
te	8	Except I can 't drive and I don 't know anyone in this stupid town .
te	5	""" My ex sister-in-law , Susan Hanson , "" Pam replied ."
te	8	The vulnerability was being replaced by her usual self-reliance .
te	6	""" What if something terrible happened ? """
te	11	It can 't be that bad , surely , if it makes her happy ?
te	8	The girl shrugged , looking at the Prince .
te	8	"I don ' mean ya no harm . """
te	8	while they huddled in the other .
te	7	She swallowed , composed herself .
te	11	I slowly lowered the gun and fought to control the tremor in my hands .
te	8	We had a celebration dinner that night and in the morning after breakfast we packed our stuff .
te	8	Her eyes flooded golden , growing deeper and more malevolent in their intent .
te	8	"There are no laws now to protect us . """
te	10	Then I 'd retreat to the school for a warm bath and hot soup .
te	9	"No preaching to the flock in hope that something sticks . """
te	6	' I can 't ... can 't hold ... ' Her grip was weakening .
te	7	"I shouted , "" Cease fire , cease fire . """
te	5	""" Another dimension ... a parallel universe ... maybe a wormhole ."
te	8	The boy ran to the front door with Tori and Sarah behind him .
te	8	A familiar scent reached my nostrils above the rich aroma of coffee wafting from within it .
te	9	That was why the poor boy was weeping so bitterly !
te	10	Does he resent having to do this ?
te	6	"A brand new "" Don 't use Imps or else "" story ."
te	7	The preliminaries were in less than two weeks .
te	7	Even if by some miracle we catch this person , it wouldn 't fix the larger issues .
te	6	Falling forward , he spread his arms and was airborne again .
te	9	Thanks to George 's team we now have the names of all the participants in the Tern Hill job .
te	8	Their childlike gifts of spontaneity , hope and faith in their success had helped them produce miracles .
te	5	"Isn 't it time to eat ? """
te	8	"You must come with us , and we will shower you with gold . """
te	11	"World Governments set about developing new weapons , computer systems , and methods to infiltrate other countries . """
te	5	"Turning the corner ... "" Hello , 007 . """
te	8	"Maybe , for once , they won 't know where we are . """
te	9	""" Sure , nobody would come help an ugly crow like me , "" she said laughing ."
te	10	Then all we have to do is find the bomb and somehow deactivate it .
te	8	I thought it all sounded awesome .
te	6	I could carry your stuff .
te	9	""" Does the UN just assume that we can understand their gibberish ? """
te	10	"Are you fucking kidding me ? """
te	7	Matthew peered over the counter , first to the searching storekeeper and then to the cubby holes .
te	10	King Martin was dead , murdered in front of us .
te	5	After a few moments , the dispatcher came back .
te	9	His teeth clenched and he discovered a snarl waiting on his lips to display his irritation .
te	10	"I wasn 't sure how she would be with strangers . """
te	11	That 's what I 'm going to do .
te	11	""" Get on out of it , "" he snarled , pretending to lunge at her ."
te	11	' It 's a style of photography dating from the early nineteenth century , ' I explained .
te	11	They are alive with a fire I have never seen .
te	7	She resolved to motor Calvin back soon and deal with the consequences should anyone see them together .
te	8	The truth we are telling is certainly misleading .
te	10	' When you say control the cell cycle ... ' I trailed off as understanding finally began to dawn .
te	5	"The haunted bridges , enchanted forest and stuff like that . """
te	9	In the name of God , who needs no credit rating , let me live !
te	6	As a result I usually request his presence everywhere and we share the same bed room . )
te	7	""" Madam , I was referring to the gentleman waiting outside . """
te	9	Faster than they could operate , the privates carried more wounded Union soldiers to the operating wagon .
te	11	William shuttered , and 007 seemed to notice a look of concern crossing his face .
te	8	""" So , I did some research and I read about Anubis House traditions , "" James stood up and announced ."
te	6	The frown disappeared and she smiled and nodded .
te	10	I think you like to watch .
te	11	And why had he not let go of the doorknob ?
te	8	"You have to take the safety off first . """
te	10	I knew I HAD to stop .
te	8	She moved to get up .
te	6	Cook got close , but not close enough .
te	8	She held both the sides of the boat , peering over the waters with a small smile .
te	9	The outline was a tumble of rock and stone and ditches carved into the landscape .
te	10	The Bird -- Big Chick loved to drive birds ' cars .
te	6	""" God is great , "" I say in vague , obligatory acknowledgment ."
te	9	Mark set down the drink as Jimmy took a large bite out of his burger .
te	11	"He will take you where you need to go . """
te	11	I knew we were going to die .
te	9	Tears filled her eyes as she stretched her fingers out to the hammer .
te	5	From the rack hung a plain white bath towel .
te	6	The Volvo 's bumper caught the immortal across the legs .
te	7	""" I don 't care , "" the Prince said sullenly , "" I was just commenting . """
te	9	It 's one of the oldest in the area .
te	10	I turned and bolted the other way ; I don 't know and I don 't want to know .
te	9	The heat could build upon itself and the rate go up to two degrees an hour or four or twenty .
te	8	He woke up in a bed , still heavy with the scent of his most beloved wife to be .
te	11	He could not even see the pool by which he had left his horse .
te	9	That was all she could say .
te	10	""" Do you have anywhere in mind ? """
te	7	Willie jumped from his seat and ran towards the man .
te	11	I 've had enough of lazing around for months .
te	9	Meanwhile , the river became calm again and the whale and crocodile disappeared as suddenly as they had appeared .
te	11	""" Mark , when do you pick up your regular fare from Kennedy ? """
te	7	She saw the doctor and Robert turn towards the sound , their matching frowns deepening .
te	8	""" Alright , if it 'll shut you up , "" Mike pulled out his phone , but paused ."
te	6	""" This is stupid , "" I tell Gabe ."
te	5	""" Please , "" he said again , "" not here ."
te	5	""" Yes , but -- "" "" But what ? """
te	6	Seen him shoot more than a couple men , too .
te	5	""" With your parents , you 'd better be . """
te	7	""" Sir , "" Valerie replies stiffly , "" delivering the morning report to the Captain , sir . """
te	11	Harald appeared , walking out of a door and up to them .
te	10	"Too many things to fall on his head . """
te	5	"No parking tickets , no speeding tickets , no military service , nothing . """
te	9	""" How do you know which way to go ? """
te	9	""" So far I have counted several items of jewellery , numerous bolts of material , and furs without number ! """
te	7	A young woman dressed in a blue dress and tight t-shirt calls from her smoking console .
te	11	""" You were stupid enough to get too close to a portal when it activated ."
te	7	I chose a plain bowl with hardboiled egg and then got another plate with sliced crispy fried tofu .
te	11	""" They could be lining up a shot on us right now while we 're blind . """
te	10	A ride to space is certainly worth the price they are asking .
te	6	We tracked it to a hotel in the desert .
te	8	' Just as expected , ' Calvin said adding , ' So that 's that for them . '
te	8	""" Well , he is a very old man now , "" Mr Brown said with a hint of sadness ."
te	7	""" Please hold for Mr. Pickett , "" said an efficient female voice on the other end ."
te	11	And how scared you are for her .
te	7	She went back into the house and into his study .
te	9	"They have lost something , or , they wish to find something . """
te	9	Tony blurted in genuine surprise before turning to Bender .
te	8	""" He 's referring to me , "" said a new voice from behind Colors ."
te	5	""" But in the mundane world , doors always work the same way ."
te	7	The two guns on the Spanish ship fired nearly simultaneously and again the shots were too short .
te	10	Chris had no idea what he was talking about and didn 't care to ask .
te	5	To the uneducated listener it was just a crow .
te	9	Your skill , your martial focus -- you are unique in this Lodge , and not only because you 're female .
te	7	Already he and Franco , the manager of the estate , have a close friendship .
te	10	Again they were all expressing amazement that they were under suspicion .
te	7	Jacob leapt to the ground , beaming .
te	8	The move gave me the opportunity I sought .
te	10	Now we just need the best pilots to get us up there one day .
te	6	""" So , are all witches evil , or are there good ones too ? """
te	9	""" That 's not it , "" Sarah said , her finger tightening around Dan 's mane ."
te	7	Rand pulled on the reins and wheeled his horse about .
te	7	My orders have come directly from the king !
te	7	""" On that first night , after you , uh , fell asleep , I went back to the campus . """
te	7	He landed on the hood with a sickening crunch and slipped off to the side .
te	8	In addition to the heavy footfalls , Ted could hear breathing behind him now .
te	8	""" You are guarding this based with one hundred forty-three men ? """
te	8	Elaina nodded again , watching his hand move across her skin .
te	8	""" All this way and you nearly fly us into the side of a building ! """
te	5	""" Listen , friend , "" I said ."
te	10	What would it feel like to be a real teacher ?
te	9	Miriam stretched and winced as her head struck the floor .
te	11	I hoped that meant he was okay .
te	7	"When Chris went quiet , Sarah asked , "" What about the emus ? """
te	8	I know what I think , but what about you ?
te	6	""" A Holiday Inn , ever since I left base two weeks ago ."
te	9	He kissed her on top of the head , then turned and left .
te	8	"I warrant you had reason . """
te	9	""" Because they inherently know they were meant to live longer . """
te	9	""" I thought you were going home ? """
te	11	To this extent they had hired a nurse who specialized in the field .
te	10	""" And we 're here to save him and the little guy with him . """
te	9	Tuck came over to translate for me .
te	7	"He did this for you . """
te	10	' Remember ze conversation we had in ze flat ?
te	8	""" You can 't do stupid shit like that , you can 't . """
te	10	Calvin you 'll have a drink but spill it over your girl .
te	9	Close enough to kiss her .
te	7	I have been on a plane .
te	6	Antenna amplifier , he said , then pointed to the large book now on the coffee table .
te	7	"Stan looks up at Timothy , still in awe , "" Your data was always spot on ."
te	11	That was how it was supposed to be .
te	6	He flashed me a fake smile .
te	11	It gives you the name of what is buried there .
te	9	That day I will never forget not even Laurence explanations or meeting Alex on the beach .
te	7	The other party would accept , or decline but propose another time and date .
te	6	~ The third man on the beach felt different .
te	9	"Brazen nodded , "" That 's exactly what we do . """
te	7	We chatted about our change in fortune and let Di Luca 's brandy remove all doubts and cares .
te	10	Jin asked , looking to Sky for approval .
te	8	""" Will you be my big , younger brother and keep a look out for me ?"
te	8	She draw all her attention on the tree , holding the arrow level for a breath .
te	8	"We will march directly to the palace and take council with His Majesty . """
te	8	At least , if we win the Judgment , I will be High Shaykh in name .
te	7	' It 's a five bed house ; you 'll share a twin bedroom . '
te	10	""" When we were ... friends ... you liked me a little , did you not ? """
te	10	He shook off the thoughts weaving through his mind ; it was time to be alert .
te	9	Where veterans go to socialize .
te	9	I have lived under Harald 's protection too long .
te	11	She feels her head swoon and makes the mistake of stepping back from the console .
te	8	Ted turned his attention now to the full bags of seed .
te	9	""" I am getting so tired of this , "" he said quietly ."
te	7	In the heart of a great pyramid they discovered the dead king with the Talisman around his neck .
te	8	I want it locked down .
te	9	Mike Donovan , satisfied he had their attention , lowered his arms but continued to speak loudly .
te	7	Maybe I won 't go to the police .
te	6	Like the other kids , I usual y carried my own personal weapon with me during the day .
te	11	He used French , despite the earlier decision to use Swiss Italian for all radio communication while in Paris .
te	10	Mark thought this to be pretty typical of Jon .
te	10	""" Do you already have a mission in mind ? """
te	7	Laughing still , he dropped into the throne , crossing his legs .
te	7	His precious freedom was vanishing before his eyes , by leaps and bounds .
te	6	""" Help you find something son , "" a voice said ."
te	9	""" I don 't know that it 's the same thing . """
te	6	Anna grabbed her meal and sat there .
te	7	He grabbed her hand and pushed open the back door , and the three of them stepped outside .
te	9	He looked at Maria , his face holding back a huge smile .
te	11	"Do you know where we are ? """
te	10	' I have to say , my section hasn 't exactly had a lot to do with that . '
te	7	As he approached the camp , he heard the Exiles conversing softly .
te	9	He wondered for a minute if he really cared about such things .
te	5	""" And a gentleman , too . """
te	7	After a while , aware of her grumbling tummy , Claire headed back to the building .
te	8	Chase appeared before Sofia and dragged her behind him , shielding her from any harm .
te	5	Despite the darkness , his eyes were almost a fluorescent , bright green .
te	10	He snapped the cover closed and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
te	10	He was the seventh living son of the Empress -- and there was much hope that he would remain so .
te	11	Major Campbell popped three antacid tablets in his mouth and crunched on them , before turning to an Airman seated nearby .
te	10	It was impossible to know for certain .
te	10	Below , an unfortunate crewman drifted into view and crashed into the back of the navigator 's seat .
te	9	""" Do I have your oath , Doctor ? """
te	6	He turned to the closest farm helper .
te	9	I guess in the truest sense , it is only there that we are truly alone .
te	6	Without electricity or doctors or formula or baby monitors .
te	10	"I am afraid that kindness could kill you . """
te	8	""" We should also put together a bag for Maya . """
te	6	You , girl , when we go , you cover this hole up with the net .
te	7	""" Tie her up and leave us alone , "" her adopted brother ordered in the same foreign tongue ."
te	11	"I thought he would give up by now , but he 's mad ! """
te	7	Low on the horizon they could see the full moon , just beginning its rise into the sky .
te	8	She jabbed the muzzle of the gun in the direction of the remaining gypsy .
te	8	I felt another twang on my neck exactly where the first one had occurred .
te	7	He paused , studying our young faces and attires .
te	7	You 're from the upper classes , for heaven 's sake !
te	10	""" God damn you Jim don 't be risking my fucking ship . """
te	10	He was about to be discharged , too .
te	10	Calvin grew weaker and stronger as , seduced by the moment , fear waned .
te	7	We must begin our work on that score very soon .
te	9	"Do you smell it ? """
te	7	""" The wind in the trees whistles his name , we all think about it and we feel the pain ."
te	10	Small arms fire could be heard all around ; mostly his own men firing from the sound of it .
te	8	I feel hemmed in by these large trunks .
te	6	Alec 's voice as he interrupted his mother was firm , implacable , and not unkind .
te	7	""" The guy who just said g ' day to you . """
te	6	""" Master bedroom is clear , "" Gabe says ."
te	8	"Malcolm muttered , "" She 's on the attack . """
te	11	I 'd offer to send them in too , but we 'd only get in your way .
te	8	"We 're on to you and we 're ready . """
te	8	""" That kid has more guts than anyone I know . """
te	10	""" It is good to be here , "" said Waving Willow ."
te	10	"Jim called excitedly , "" George you 've got to see this ! """
te	8	The bartender hesitated before nodding grudgingly .
te	11	He knew what was going to happen .
te	10	She remembered her dreams as it was , to some extent troubles her .
te	8	Malcolm picked up the cards scattered on the floor .
te	7	""" I just -- "" The sound of Kim 's car nearing the house silenced Sharon before she could finish ."
te	5	Hispanic woman , drove an old Corolla .
te	7	Ask Nathan Taylor for one .
te	11	""" No that 'll be all , Dickie , keep me informed about this propaganda thing ."
te	8	"We have to be careful now . """
te	9	There are fewer tourists at this time of year too .
te	10	""" Okay , what was it about their relationship which baffled you ? """
te	10	""" You mean there 's someplace more north than here ? """
te	11	""" It 's back like it was when we were kids ."
te	9	My mind is starting to go crazy again .
te	9	I can 't have them tainting the galaxy with their magic .
te	7	Right next to the stories about some big pastry extravaganza contest and a dog show .
te	5	""" Bastard , lock him up ! """
te	6	""" Guess ... Guess you 're right , "" she stammered with resignation ."
te	9	I 've got to do something !
te	8	"When they went up there she took out the envelope and said , "" We forgot about this . """
te	11	No one seemed to be able to say .
te	9	Lilly Ann put in the first gear and took off with gravel shooting out under the back wheels .
te	8	""" Jack , "" she said in a deferential tone , "" you know how it went down ."
te	10	It 's a small thing and huddles in the corner of its cardboard box .
te	5	It was her last chance .
te	8	But he had his lawyers working on it .
te	7	When Danny explained the good news Katherine said , ' Let 's hear these records then . '
te	7	It beats sitting here the whole night .
te	8	His speciality was the ancient igneous rocks of the northern United States and Canada .
te	9	They reached a set of stairs leading down .
te	11	We live to tell of it because of you .
te	9	He knew things would work out .
te	6	It was all quite fun , and I learned a lot .
te	5	Another flash of red up there !
te	10	Barely visible , columns of smoke and debris could be seen rising off the valley floor .
te	5	Maybe the baby 's mother wants the thermometer back .
te	8	Not heeding the huge , armed men in her path , she dashed out of the room .
te	5	On his back , Claus carried his small toy sack .
te	9	The car pulled out into the traffic and headed off in the general direction of the West End .
te	8	When she entered Ms. Cane 's office , she leaned against the door and listened to the conversation .
te	10	"I think I found out where our data went . """
te	6	The only other things in the wallet were my debit card , license , registration and an insurance card .
te	11	"Those folks will know what to do with her . """
te	6	They damn near captured the whole Western Pacific in the Second World War .
te	8	His tone remained light while he addressed Victor .
te	8	' Don 't know John , we were consolidating here ready for the jump off to the target station at Clapham .
te	8	""" Out of sight behind the planet . """
te	9	He climbed onto the bus with his injured head held high .
te	6	The American looked up and , amazingly , smiled .
te	9	He struggles as he pulls himself back to his feet , wincing and moaning .
te	10	We shopped at the market for fresh produce then went on to a bakery for of all things sweet brown bread .
te	6	""" The prisoners are here , sir , "" announced the first lieutenant ."
te	6	And just in time , the Prince thought to himself .
te	9	Claire 's words were lost in the spray from the falls .
te	6	My heart slammed wildly against my ribs at his words .
te	11	"I was getting used to having you around . """
te	10	Then we 'd spent the next week eating nothing but celery to lose the extra weight .
te	7	He brushed green and gold pastry bits from his fingers onto his spotless kaftan .
te	6	The faded smell of her perfume barely lingered .
te	9	' We 'll take care of the cameras if we can , ' I said into the mouthpiece .
te	8	In the wake of Lilly 's death , life ceased to be enjoyable .
te	9	There was a buzz of static from the earpiece .
te	8	he asked , walking back into the great room .
te	10	Rick asked Abby as he slid his arm around her shoulder and cinched her up against him .
te	9	She appeared to be sleeping , but Destro knew better than that .
te	7	From behind , he heard the man speak .
te	7	""" Else the rain 'll go straight down your back . """
te	9	"Come at us , and we 'll skewer the rest of you curs too . """
te	10	""" I 'm afraid I can 't do that . """
te	8	I had to see you .
te	8	""" I left the Fortress nearly twenty years ago now , give or take a few , "" the Exile said ."
te	8	Words appeared to fail her .
te	7	Tommy did and found himself in a lavish palace chamber .
te	8	All the army knew its meaning , another call to move on .
te	6	Well , he was a prince actually , Sofia thought in silence .
te	8	He backed up , still grabbing my shoulders and stared me in the eye .
te	10	The once level room takes on a noticeable slant as the oncoming water shifts the balance of the floating temple .
te	8	""" I do not listen to the rules , though , "" she finished at last ."
te	10	Anderson grudgingly accepted these terms , much more subdued after Frank Simm had shamed them all with his short speech .
te	10	However it was not the way of little male Lizards to worry about such things too long .
te	9	He was waiting outside when she arrived .
te	8	"What the hell ... get to the shuttle ... hurry ... "" the personal communicator crackles and dies ."
te	8	He held his hand to the bottom of his rib cage .
te	9	We can 't afford any communication between them or we run the risk of them running .
te	7	Where it went , they didn 't know , but it was a necessary risk .
te	5	~ ~ ~ IV The First Friday Power is not ... a certain strength .
te	8	Shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy quietly died beside him , passing beyond the horrific end into peace .
te	11	He had to collect as much information about her as he could .
te	6	His arm , forehead , and cheek were all blistered and charred , but he was alive .
te	10	They trudged on for a half turn just to escape the shadows of the mountain .
te	9	"Do you believe her ? """
te	8	Lance awkwardly kicks a round blue button embedded in the wide door jam .
te	10	A little village with a church that has a beautiful stained glass window .
te	7	While they ate , he pointed and told of his climbing the northward and southward passes .
te	7	A lot of thought were crossing my mind , like a water torrent .
te	6	He was older , his hair gray and skin wrinkled , and his pale face was drawn .
te	10	George took a couple of photos of the grave and finally put the camera away .
te	8	We 're out of the airport now , and all three of us will be there shortly .
te	9	A sheaf of manuals and several bundles of wires hung from inside the lid of the crate .
te	9	It is not rage , or joy , or sorrow , but an immense urge pushing her into an imminent action .
te	8	""" Who 's the bloke with the wispy moustache and the gorgeous Asian ? """
te	5	He tore and pulled , chewed and sliced .
te	10	But suddenly he was relieved to feel something solid underneath his feet .
te	10	"Did you ever wonder why ? """
te	6	The fourth turned the van around and opened up the back doors .
te	8	""" As you must have guessed , we are aware of your plans ."
te	8	Every able-bodied man or youth was called upon to sacrifice .
te	6	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
te	5	""" Your speed and exit path are perfect . """
te	7	I got her to the truck and lowered her next to the other dolphins , setting her down gently .
te	7	Without any thought , she pulled him into an embrace and kissed both his cheeks .
te	8	She was nowhere to be seen .
te	11	I looked a little bit like the wannabe spies I mocked , but I wasn 't going to dwell on that .
te	8	He was pulled out of the chair onto his feet , and his hands were tied behind him .
te	9	"Most people wouldn 't live like this if they had a choice . """
te	9	I couldn 't imagine Callie or me or Austin in her place .
te	6	By the way , old chap , did you know that your pig -- ' YES .
te	8	""" There 's a good boy , "" as he did as he was told ."
te	11	Furnace adjusted the silver coffee urn a fraction of an inch and stood back .
te	7	She felt a tug on her sleeve and turned her attention to Sky .
te	8	"Mom knows how to knit . """
te	8	Nuru said trailing off into a maniacal laughter .
te	7	""" No , not all of them , "" Rick corrected ."
te	9	He was at least 6 feet tall , had bright blonde hair , and a physique like that of a boxer .
te	10	With that she fades away , the grin on the boy 's face certain to remain for quite a while .
te	8	He grabbed both and yanked her off the bed and put her on her feet .
te	5	""" There we go , "" he says ."
te	7	Though the majority featured Danny , one of Calvin made a fantastic action shot .
te	9	I was shocked when everything got more precisely .
te	7	I nodded at Zeal , and she dropped into a low stance .
te	8	""" Well , "" I began , "" even if you did steel it , congrats ! """
te	8	"But , I assure you both , each and every one of you will be dead by dawn . """
te	7	She is worthy of the chance to excel .
te	9	I started chuckling , but this soon degenerated into a rolling guffaw , my shoulders heaving .
te	9	On my command , right gun first , then left , then alternate so we can adjust fire .
te	9	Damn : A sick child is all I need .
te	11	Kevin and Keno zigzagged until they rounded the last bend and opened up speed on the wide straightaway .
te	11	The letter flew out of his hand as stars popped in front of his eyes .
te	8	The girls , Melanie and Tara , kept smiling over at Dave and Rob throughout dinner .
te	8	She sighted across the top of one .
te	5	And this time , the crazed bitch almost sang that question .
te	6	And in that moment , I felt all my sadness , all my separation from those around me .
te	6	A strange look crossed his face , a flicker of hurt and worry flashed through his eyes .
te	8	As each woman set foot over the threshold she stared and glared wildly about her .
te	8	That unfinished web shifted back into a weapon of Fire and Air .
te	9	The bullet travelled through the various layers of clothing never finding any skin tissue .
te	7	With a tinge of sadness , he stepped away from the wreck and turned toward the barking dog .
te	10	I put a finger to my cheek and feel the imprint of the carpet fibers on my skin .
te	6	His voice cracked a little , and Alejo felt his shoulders tense .
te	7	But the voice did not sound like a man 's .
te	11	He 'll progress quicker if he 's not dealing with emotions and relationship issues .
te	11	That 's all she wanted to know .
te	9	She pulled the covers back to jump up and amend the oversight when he stopped her .
te	6	""" Let 's hurry , "" he whispered ."
te	10	He hummed to his master to calm his nerves .
te	10	' I suppose I feel that way about Little Spirit .
te	5	The young man charged up the porch stairs and Sarah , startled , jerked her gun arm up .
te	9	He let it dangle for a moment .
te	6	""" I know , "" I said , "" but it doesn 't matter ."
te	7	""" No time like the present , let 's go , "" and Drew stood up and pulled Angelique up too ."
te	6	Arrogant and assured of their superiority Thatch hefted up a makeshift club .
te	9	' Rather do the band ; become millionaires , live like this . '
te	10	He made a mental note to be nice to her later .
te	9	My body shivered as my wet clothes pressed against my skin .
te	9	It was going to be a hoot .
te	9	Let 's see how this plays out until tomorrow .
te	8	After that , he found stray dogs , grilled them and forced us to eat .
te	7	Riki hopped with impatience and pointed .
te	8	"Alright that 's enough ! """
te	11	We were going at the road known by me , namely the road to Hersonissos .
te	5	Monstrous purple and pink begonias , bromeliads , and orchids lined the rainforest floor .
te	8	Banshee fist pumped her excitement at the assignment , while Cutlass nodded her acknowledgement .
te	8	A radiant smile spread across her thin face as she spotted her son .
te	8	Lucas had no opinion on James K. Polk and so remained silent .
te	7	Swinging his body about and slapping his tail , Lance throws Warrior aside into a heap several hundred meters away .
te	11	If it 's made they have it , if not , they 'll make it .
te	7	""" What do you mean by ' equivalent vibration ' ? """
te	9	Of course I couldn 't see where he 'd indicated .
te	11	' I thought I told you to wait , Clint .
te	11	Suffice it to say that it wasn 't pretty .
te	6	' The 12th anomaly is still missing ... should we not concentrate on her ? '
te	7	Satisfied , he closed the phone and slid it back into his pocket .
te	10	None of this she could say , however much she wanted to .
te	5	Around the explosion the dome went black , darkness cascading overhead .
te	6	A drowsy cook gave a surly look , and ' What do you want ? '
te	7	He opened his eyes and found himself in a strange new world .
te	9	""" Ron , I must apologize for Victoria , she 's so taken with technology ."
te	7	standing on her tip toes , she kissed his handsome face .
te	8	""" Yeah , but I want to be the best ."
te	11	Tell Isaac I 'll be over Friday evening .
te	7	"I may only guess , and by the kings may I be wrong . """
te	9	Heads stuck to the black gate , impaled on spikes .
te	7	Finan took no notice but turned again to the small page .
te	7	"Sever patted his shoulders and said , "" So long , His Majesty . """
te	10	The frayed jeans and hippie tunic she had on under the alpaca sweater were not doing anything to keep her warm .
te	6	This time the bite was not as severe , it didn 't resemble the first bite at all .
te	5	To his surprise , the tiger lets out a dull roar .
te	6	The Bastian leader nodded his acquiescence at our questioning gazes .
te	8	he murmured into the mouthpiece of his microphone .
te	8	The receptacle begins to rise , lifting Lance off his feet .
te	8	Noah had to be just fine .
te	10	He then began to look at the new and emerging internet .
te	7	Brazen could probably understand why .
te	7	He nodded and the man poured a full glass , set the bottle down and stepped back .
te	8	Jeremy had helped Chris along , every step of the way .
te	7	She died , then -- some said by poison .
te	8	The situation was worse than he thought .
te	8	I heard George 's voice say .
te	6	"In fact , may we start completely afresh ? """
te	10	They bled his hulk dry and left him for his friends to find .
te	10	A stipulation for the treaty allowed for the baron 's family to keep the land .
te	6	""" Not that I know of , "" answered Walter ."
te	7	I twirled like a total girl , the cream-colored tunic cut low , revealing bare shoulders and tantalizing cleavage .
te	9	As being touched by him .
te	8	Julio and Rick sat in a sidewalk caf watching a doorway across the street .
te	11	""" So , this is where you intend to try again ? """
te	6	Sam went over and read the sight glass .
te	5	His voice is smooth and low .
te	11	Others shunned patrol duty to avoid witnessing their neighbors ' deaths .
te	7	The flames leapt closer and closer , dark clouds rose up and rolled slowly over the burning grass .
te	7	Her brain exploded with him inside of her .
te	7	""" He 's unconscious , but he 's breathing , boy , "" Hilda said ."
te	8	She just knelt there still and quiet ... ... remembering the good things .
te	8	We 're all that she has , and fuck , look at us .
te	9	""" How long will it take , before you know anything ? """
te	10	I knew a little about the art of cryptography from my previous involvement in wars over the last four centuries .
te	6	Shimmer kept to cleared pathways , as the sun shone brighter there than in the trees .
te	10	The results were unmistakable , without their powerful shields the enemy ships were horribly vulnerable .
te	8	I said , staring across the grounds .
te	7	Hands reached into the room from the outside and roughly grabbed him .
te	5	Course they 're not completely stupid .
te	9	The escort left him as soon as he reached the camp .
te	6	""" I don 't know , "" I say , "" that 's the whole problem . """
te	8	""" They took it all , didn 't they ! """
te	7	""" He 's unbearable , Johnny , he struts around all day like some prized rooster or something . """
te	10	Fundamental to this must be the eradication of corruption at all levels .
te	9	You know where to find me .
te	7	Malcolm leaned on his cane and shuffled his feet .
te	7	""" Are you alright ? """
te	6	We passed the carriage , and despite myself , I looked inside .
te	9	Maggie wanted to reply sarcastically , but decided that silence was the best option .
te	9	"Do we have enough ? """
te	7	Head down , hands in his pockets , Spike was already plodding away through the snow .
te	9	Suddenly , Warrior 's tail snaps and cracks Lance across the face , sending him flying backwards .
te	8	Turning , he headed into the bedroom to find some clean clothes .
te	9	Food and drink of all sorts was appearing out of nowhere in front of him .
te	7	Maybe it was a sense of caution .
te	8	I purposely tainted one of the samples to teach you this lesson .
te	11	- If we will go to the end of the rainbow .
te	6	The sweet and tender kiss , well , it lessened the heaviness , eased some of the guilt and shame .
te	8	""" Looks like nobody 's been up here for a while , "" Stacy said ."
te	10	There is a public garden where only criminals and fools walk at night .
te	5	""" Next stop , St. Louis , "" she said ."
te	11	There was a mixture of amazement and terror there at being this close to a dragon .
te	9	He sat up with a loud curse , rubbing his head and glaring at the five men .
te	5	""" Of course , Commander , "" Dresden replies ."
te	10	""" I heard the Kiwi Experience wasn 't as good as the Magic Bus . """
te	6	A few night birds danced and swirled above the silver spray .
te	7	A green light blinks on above the door , and Lo pulls it open .
te	10	They encourage the creation of minorities so as to play them off against each other and fragment society .
te	10	She must have Sky home with her : why didn 't she call me ?
te	9	The sound of the shot was strangely muffled , absorbed almost entirely by the zombie 's head .
te	7	Perhaps publicity was exactly what they needed .
te	8	But when she walked into the shop , she was committing herself to the operation , for better or for worse .
te	10	It was an arrangement that worked surprisingly well given the circumstances .
te	5	God , Your Word is true .
te	7	Then the two men nodded at each other and left for their separate destinations .
te	7	""" What have ye got there , laddie ."
te	11	But he didn 't like the idea of going down into the culvert .
te	7	We shall spend our lives in drinking and love-making .
te	7	""" It is time to forgive , Rafe . """
te	9	He sat on the bench , elbows on his knees , deep in thought .
te	9	""" Ryan , I 'm not working with this deadbeat of a pilot ."
te	6	Behind him , on an elaborate gold plinth , was Andy 's Talisman .
te	6	Rafe looked up , surprise written on every feature .
te	11	His head and neck were pounding from where he 'd been hit .
te	10	It was said that he lived in darkness .
te	7	By the time she reached the dirt road on the other side , her shirt was damp .
te	7	Kim made small talk with the invited guests , and Julie abandoned the party for the patio .
te	11	I need to start looking into hexes .
te	9	Strength flooded his limbs , strength and power like the Prince had never felt before .
te	8	Claire didn 't want her suspicions confirmed , but her eyes dragged back to the staring man without her volition .
te	6	""" Not dogs , "" she said , her voice matter-of-fact , as if nothing special had happened ."
te	9	The doubt set in , perhaps part of her denial .
te	5	""" And then , of course , it all changed . """
te	7	I waved the pass key across the access panel and crossed the threshold into the inner chamber .
te	9	""" You suggest we let him go free ? """
te	8	"It 's rather difficult to interrogate a corpse . """
te	11	It 's a lesson you should learn for the future .
te	6	' Like I said , money isn 't an issue . '
te	8	The townspeople came to help out .
te	6	Chapter 12 : A Pirate 's Life Jeff awoke with a start .
te	10	She yells getting ready to bellow .
te	10	""" He didn 't tell me I would puke my guts out . """
te	9	"Going to visit Ashton ? """
te	6	He nodded back , and then a smile brightened his face .
te	9	They were more interested in the silver shuttle ready for inspection .
te	8	His grandiose plans popped out of his head , and he got up and trudged after her .
te	9	Di Luca slapped Logan violently on the back while the three of us chuckled awkwardly at the quip .
te	8	The galleries were constantly packed with jeering crowds , and Kurt would never find a friend among them .
te	9	Painfully , she managed to slide to the ground .
te	10	The next generation will be built on the surface and simply launch into orbit using the new Anasazi engines .
te	11	She could see in the distance that there was a market set up today .
te	10	He declares , charging forward and grabbing for his opponent 's legs .
te	10	That must mean we were going far .
te	10	Don 't tell me she and Jeff are planning to have kids .
te	7	"That 's how it always goes . """
te	8	Then she realized he was bald and shirtless .
te	7	""" Not yet but we 've only just arrived ."
te	9	""" Alright , what 's with the ' Mistress ' thing . """
te	6	""" It is a terrible place , "" Stave agreed , "" but Allan and I survived it before ."
te	10	This layer will keep any internal heat from dissipating into space .
te	9	It disgusted him that it came to this .
te	7	"It looks nice ; let 's leave it at that , OK ? """
te	9	""" The nuclear explosion basically took out everything in the UK that was electronic ."
te	6	"Michael and I said , "" Bad idea , "" at precisely the same time ."
te	10	""" You 're right , children need to be organised , "" said the housekeeper ."
te	10	"Are you getting this on camera ? """
te	9	""" What makes you think that ? """
te	6	""" I didn 't trip , "" Mana supplied ."
te	6	""" Yeah , well we need gas , "" Jimmy added ."
te	8	The engines settled into a rhythmic drone as he pulled the throttles back .
te	9	The bullets smashed into the glass ceiling of the cage just as the liquid reached the box in the roof .
te	7	Warrior leaps up into the air and soars around in a wide circle , gaining altitude quickly .
te	10	I am weak kneed with admiration .
te	9	Surprised Katherine didn 't know what to think .
te	10	"Normally this would be soaked as they irrigate every day . """
te	10	After stopping for a couple of beers at the only bar in the small town the pair headed back to camp .
te	11	Everything appeared to be in working order .
te	6	""" In that case , you simply jump through a window or head out the front door . """
te	8	""" You are more beautiful than ever , "" he whispered into her ear ."
te	10	She walked slowly , and the gun pressing against her side in its shoulder holster gave her a tinge of comfort .
te	9	The trio could not possibly last long as a group of growing friends .
te	10	You need to start playing again .
te	6	Elaina gave him a dry look , and his bright expression faded .
te	9	I took my bags , thinking to go .
te	9	She jerked her arm out of my grasp and shrugged on the robe , belting it around her waist .
te	11	Their bodily odours wafting in her nose and she took deep breaths as she placed her hand delicately before her nose .
te	6	A few cars drove past , but for the most part , no one was out and about .
te	11	Expecting him to dodge , the woman twists into the maneuver she 's practiced a thousand times .
te	8	If I dream of a new future , could I imagine a new present ?
te	9	""" It was a set up to be sure , "" Jason replies ."
te	10	Tucker laughed , fighting to get free .
te	8	"VIN , do we have enough room ? """
te	5	""" Yes , Mister President , "" he said ."
te	8	Who the hell is this , this criminal and why has he not been dealt with ? '
te	8	Stop babbling and thaw that smile .
te	9	The reunion , once all elements of danger had been removed , had been lengthy and exquisite .
te	10	By itself that showed how peculiar she was ; nothing anyone did made him surprised or happy or anything else .
te	6	Entering a small cave , they took her to a wooden platform .
te	9	And I could do with two more plates of these sandwiches .
te	10	""" You wish to see to this affair yourself , you mean ? """
te	10	he sat upright , holding his head with both of his hands .
te	10	Gary and Susan McKinnon had worked for two decades with the CIA , slowly growing disillusioned with every passing year .
te	11	I mean would you ever want to have a baby one day ?
te	8	"I trust you know the way ? """
te	8	They 'd row the last few hundred yards , Chris realized .
te	5	"Nicole speaking , "" Trent 's sister answered the phone early Wednesday morning ."
te	10	Then something seemed to break inside her , and she began to run .
te	8	"We 'll be up in a minute ! """
te	8	Miriam stretched out her hand , covered with greasy suds from the heavy soap .
te	6	""" And you 're not coming back , right ? """
te	6	The man nodded his head but a tension entered his body .
te	10	Fifteen minutes had elapsed since we entered the service tunnel under the gardens .
te	9	Michael and Ben didn 't stop talking for a second .
te	9	She had added wood to the fire and removed some of the ashes .
te	8	To the ends of the earth , until I find the Book , and then I will have Savana .
te	11	' Airport Arrivals ' always seems to be such a happy place she thought .
te	10	The room was the same as before except for two extra chairs nestled around the fireplace .
te	8	Chris realized then he was indeed ravenous .
te	9	Even trails one should know so well are not easily traveled in utter darkness .
te	7	But after her first week of exams her body craved alcohol despite her now full tummy .
te	7	But who were the mounted men on his right ?
te	7	Logan was again hidden amid a cloud .
te	9	"I 'd swear she gave it an order . """
te	10	Glancing up at the door , I half expected someone to walk in there and then .
te	9	She formed a sword out of the gleaming crystals on her hand .
te	8	""" Just as I 'd feared , "" she conveys , sympathizing with them ."
te	10	The bags in which he 'd found the tools were generic things , sold at hundreds of outlets throughout the region .
te	10	""" The Trojans were built to drain power ; it 's the essence of their design ."
te	7	This happy cow with the banana shirt was funny , and Mia even smiled about it .
te	8	Shouting to the others , he soon had them scooping at the slippery harvest .
te	7	What they could mean I do not know .
te	10	She didn 't notice that Stacy came in the room .
te	10	""" I don 't think that they can be trusted . """
te	7	The vampire kept coming , and the closer she got , the more the bar patrons seemed to bristle and tense .
te	7	""" Well , some of the languages and symbols are oddly familiar to me ."
te	8	He did not feel in any way slighted and was therefore not ill at ease .
te	8	When he emerged from his seventh trip , the captain was more than satisfied .
te	8	""" Are you sure there isn 't a forest ? """
te	5	""" It still works , right ? """
te	6	""" Then you best be studying fast ! """
te	10	He 'd left his bike under the trailer next to the stairs .
te	6	""" Thank you , corporal , "" Jim said and hung up ."
te	8	Karen had walked this road many times as a child and it didn 't seem any shorter now .
te	11	I want to go to the Ozark and have a look for myself .
te	6	We sat in the senior quad with our usual group , including Austin , Kate , Ben , and Landon .
te	10	But we both know it was a not to be .
te	7	Sam carried Connie to the helicopter and strapped her in .
te	7	The replicator changes the molecular state of air to objects .
te	6	I brought some ointment and tended his wounds .
te	7	It was small and soft , the fingers long , elegant and very , very cold .
te	9	Falling through the ground as if the discolored grass were an open window , the kid disappears without a trace .
te	10	I assume they 're looking for you ?
te	9	Rick calmly lowered himself into the water until he submerged them both .
te	6	""" Good afternoon , Captain Powers , "" stated the four-star general from the rear seat next to her ."
te	8	You should have retaliated many years ago .
te	9	The boss grabbed a nearby knife and violently slashed into the box , ripping it open .
te	5	"Besides Neil , of course , "" she added ."
te	9	He rotated his view , picking up a new angle from the Arjuna 's sensor feed .
te	7	His whole chest was numb ... ... he couldn 't feel anything .
te	8	Sunlight was finding its way somehow into the hall , and they quickly saw the source .
te	6	The women have gray hair , wrinkles , fragile , weak , and sick .
te	10	"We have decided to move to Australia . """
te	7	Surely Lilly Ann was playing games with them .
te	6	He recognized the little girl as a younger Sidney .
te	6	"His latest release is the Oscar-winning documentary , Cuba Has Great Schools . """
te	7	All money and wealth was now either barter equity , commodity , or precious metal based .
te	9	That was the only thing that mattered now .
te	7	""" Who saved room for desert ? """
te	8	It was a nice hit all things considered .
te	5	""" About Joseph - "" "" I know , "" Luke said quietly ."
te	8	""" It 's in about a week 's time ."
te	6	""" In our world , it was just days , "" she murmured ."
te	9	He watched the jade statue as it passed from hand to hand .
te	7	I pulled a flashlight from my pack and made my way down .
te	5	' So , you got any other bright ideas ? '
te	10	That was more than most Afghan children could dream of .
te	7	""" Something comes , throw rocks at it or come get me . """
te	6	My gaze shifted to the bound man on the couch .
te	7	Oddly enough , while he found the smell unavoidable , Matthew didn 't find it completely unbearable .
te	9	""" Mr. Neil , would you like some of our island delicacies ? """
te	11	"Are you ready to be retired ? """
te	9	""" Why would you need to know that ? """
te	10	Jonesy was already hot in his suit as he closed down the inner hatch of the Russian beer can .
te	8	""" My partner 's had a fit and he 's collapsed on the floor . """
te	7	""" Very wise of you to notice , Rick ."
te	10	After four or five dances , Connor finally danced with a woman who spoke English .
te	8	""" I see , "" he said at last , letting the challenge slip by like a gushing stream ."
te	11	He saw what the monster had done to George and attacked .
te	6	Lighting a cigarette , he inhaled deeply and felt the fear ebb away .
te	6	As a child , I disliked her ; as an adult , I detested her .
te	11	Blonde girl , used to barmaid at The Peaks ? '
te	8	Suddenly he had ' clout ' and lots of it .
te	10	He shakes our hand and is so glad to see us .
te	5	At such a close distance their swords weren 't very good .
te	11	""" I 'm sure this news comes as a shock , but all will become clear . """
te	11	"He wanted to see how loud it was , "" Ted explained ."
te	5	""" My grandpa was a missionary , too ."
te	11	She shuddered to think what that might be .
te	11	he shouted as he prepared to swing his staff .
te	9	"Will you teach me how to do it ? """
te	6	""" My home is just ahead , "" Marwan finally said , with irritation in his voice ."
te	8	now just walk with me as though I 'm your oldest friend ... .
te	10	She pressed her lips together and tried to match Alejo 's small smile .
te	9	Before he could finish his sentence , there was an urgent knocking on the door , and then it burst open .
te	10	He knew that beat , but didn 't want to .
te	11	He had no choice but to put his arm around Andy and help Mr Brown .
te	11	Word eventually arrived that they had passed through the railroad bridge and were headed our way .
te	11	"Do you know who I am ? """
te	9	I was waiting like a prowling tiger in the stairwell .
te	6	All the nerves in my arms are numb and then , suddenly , spiky and electric .
te	7	Now , the numbness came from ... he didn 't know what .
te	6	"It 's his laws , remember ? """
te	9	Feeling increasingly guilty , Link presses his forehead against Epona 's while he considers Ilia 's words .
te	8	The sounds and smells in the evening air became sharper : the tangy River Seine and the laughter of couples nearby .
te	9	Dead is dead , by the Elements , with the Elements , or otherwise .
te	6	""" You 're right , Jen , "" said George , "" but in this instance the money is the drugs !"
te	10	As if you have never fallen doing other activities !
te	9	Men watched the procession as they walked down the main stairs to the lower deck .
te	11	He had to use both hands to pull his leg over .
te	9	Willingly agreed to submit themselves to authority .
te	11	She quickly comes to her feet and sees that she has landed several meters from her chair .
te	6	By then , I was already halfway across the floor .
te	9	""" Jumping out of airplanes , swimming , saving lives ... "" She smiled to herself ."
te	8	""" Like you said , the dude without the specs is a goner for sure , "" Bobby recalled ."
te	7	We left the campus and headed back to the estate .
te	10	"Some very ominous events are about to take place , "" said the Angel embracing the boys goodbye ."
te	9	""" You want to talk about it ? """
te	10	Here is a spirit that will not be repressed .
te	5	""" We have the same mother . """
te	11	"Lying in bed later that evening he rolled over to look at Jen , "" Scared ? """
te	9	"Other than that everything seems to be mopped up . """
te	7	Already , two remaining more siege towers came against the north wall and poured the enemy into their midst .
te	8	""" Frank , don 't be such a stickler , "" she replied , setting her mug on the table ."
te	7	"Behind us the boy screams , "" Come back here ! """
te	7	She came to consciousness as if in a dream .
te	5	He probably had a family .
te	6	"as though nobody knows , "" she said derisively ."
te	7	' Why are you here , really ? '
te	8	""" Oh , "" Ganondorf starts , clearly amused with the conversation ."
te	10	I kept calling for my Mom and Dad , but there was still no answer .
te	11	"I 'm afraid maybe you 're getting a little too excited . """
te	9	""" They 're going to murder the king ."
te	11	Then I went back to the room to see how Preston was doing .
te	7	Her eyes glared , her great hands fell limply to her sides .
te	6	"On this heat , the coffee can explode my heart . """
te	9	""" Nah , I think I 'm going to sit and eat a pie . """
te	5	Still , he ran , legs churning and the heart pumping .
te	7	As we know , the two of them are a team , and as such , they can be controlled .
te	7	Upon his entrance to the house , he smelled an acrid , stinking fragrance -- almost like dead , rotting flesh .
te	5	""" Bags are the best . """
te	6	""" Did you not hear ?"
te	5	""" But TJ , Rachel , there are only two atoms ."
te	8	Many of them watched her with curiosity , toothy grins on their faces , talking to one another .
te	7	He couldn 't even wrap his mind around the concept .
te	11	Looking into the room behind the shop counter the lads could see several sacks of bread .
te	7	Bruno and Anatole entered the kitchen moments later , their arms laden with bags .
te	10	"I 'm sure I 've got all day . """
te	10	A book lay open next to an easy chair , worn out at the armrests .
te	11	"Do you know what a Siren is ? """
te	9	he looked at Abby as if she stabbed him in the back .
te	9	He had begun to turn red .
te	8	They had approached the building from the rear and they left the same way .
te	9	The two bikes suddenly disappeared as they dropped into the hole .
te	11	They have grown in this valley for all of time .
te	11	She could see that Max had lost it mentally .
te	7	I sat down on our second-hand leather sofa , closed my eyes and leaned against the backrest .
te	8	he shouted to the driver of his Ogre armored personnel carrier .
te	8	""" For gold and glory , "" he said before draining his glass ."
te	9	His wish makes the energy flow to get him the T-shirt .
te	9	There could have been children on that bus .
te	9	It 's time to pick again !
te	8	""" Put them up in sequence starting from the earliest , "" the colonel suggested ."
te	10	""" Good , that 's about one for every bone in your body , "" Archie said ."
te	6	A female voice sang of love and roses , of yearning and return to the beloved land .
te	10	He tapped my elbow , driving it closer to my side and bringing my guard tighter against my frame .
te	8	He had the legs of a man , but the head of a wolf .
te	10	This egregious behavior she had suppressed until such time as it was brought out in regression therapy .
te	8	The High Priest stepped from his throne and walked towards Andy and the Ugly Man .
te	7	And with networks come leaks .
te	11	I believe that his illness starts to pass away .
te	6	' They 're not Irish , ' the boy replied , his voice thick .
te	8	Has he taken to perusing Gothic novels ?
te	10	I 'd have to risk running .
te	11	Jack shook his head , to indicate he had no idea .
te	9	' She 's playing a dangerous game , ' he murmured finally , staring at the flames in the hearth .
te	6	Dr Leven and his assistant were even more perplexed but shrugged their shoulders and went their separate ways .
te	8	"If she does not get help soon , she will die very painfully and very soon . """
te	7	""" What happen to your sister ? """
te	10	' We have to gather as many troops as we can . '
te	9	Her other two eyes are closed and her lips are slightly parted as if she were asleep .
te	10	""" I don 't think they were here , "" said Jace ."
te	7	""" Just pull it on over your cloths . """
te	5	""" Yes , of course I do . """
te	9	He was planning to overthrow Veron .
te	9	In seconds , they were enveloped in a thick cloud of dense , white smoke .
te	6	The lewd gesture was so patently Reed , it made her weak in the knees .
te	6	Warmth spread through my chest .
te	11	Beautiful , if I am to speak truly .
te	6	I could find and rescue my mom .
te	8	sounded too lame to be uttered .
te	9	""" I wonder if they get Conan here , "" David said , sitting down on the bed ."
te	7	He drew a rasping breath ; a sliver of blood trickled past his lips .
te	5	snapped Brown , as Marlon , James and Pandora left their rooms curiously .
te	6	Half a mile later , a faint whine emerged in the distance .
